<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10_2001plan.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2001 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                               HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

                    2001 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR INCENTIVE PLAN

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            PAGE

1.       Purpose of the Plan..................................................1
2.       Definitions..........................................................1
3.       Effective Date/Expiration of Plan....................................3
4.       Administration.......................................................3
5.       Shares; Adjustment Upon Certain Events...............................4
6.       Awards and Terms of Options..........................................6
7.       Effect of Termination of Services....................................9
8.       Nontransferability of Options........................................9
9.       Rights as a Stockholder.............................................10
10.      Determinations......................................................10
11.      Termination, Amendment and Modification.............................10
12.      Non-Exclusivity.....................................................11
13.      Use of Proceeds.....................................................11
14.      General Provisions..................................................11
15.      Issuance of Stock Certificates; Legends and Payment of Expenses.....12
16.      Listing of Shares and Related Matters...............................13
17.      Withholding Taxes...................................................13




<PAGE>

                               HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

                  2001 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.   PURPOSE OF THE PLAN.

     The purpose of this Henry Schein,  Inc. 2001 Non- Employee  Director  Stock
Option Plan are to enable Henry Schein, Inc. (the "Company") to attract,  retain
and motivate  directors  of the Company who are not  employees of the Company or
its subsidiaries ("Non-Employee Directors") and who are important to the success
of the Company and to create a mutuality  of interest  between the  Non-Employee
Directors and the stockholders of the Company by granting such directors options
to purchase Common Stock (as defined herein) of the Company.

2.   DEFINITIONS.

     (a)  "ACQUISITION  EVENT"  means a merger  or  consolidation  in which  the
Company is not the  surviving  entity,  or any  transaction  that results in the
acquisition  of all or  substantially  all of the Company's  outstanding  Common
Stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons  and/or  entities in
concert,  or the sale or transfer of all or  substantially  all of the Company's
assets.

     (b)  "ACT" means the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     (c)  "BOARD" means the board of directors of the Company.

     (d)  "CAUSE" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

     (e)  "CHANGE OF CONTROL" has the meaning set for in Section 6(e).

     (f)  "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     (g)  "COMMITTEE"  means such committee,  if any,  appointed by the Board to
administer the Plan consisting of two or more directors as may be appointed from
time to time  by the  Board,  each of  whom  shall  qualify  as a  "non-employee
director"  within the  meaning of Rule 16b-3  promulgated  under the Act. If the
Board does not  appoint a  committee  for this  purpose,  "Committee"  means the
Board.

     (h)  "COMMON STOCK" means the voting common stock of the Company, par value
$.01,  any common  stock into which the common  stock may be  converted  and any
common stock resulting from any reclassification of the common stock.

     (i)  "COMPANY" means Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

     (j)  "CORPORATE TRANSACTION" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e)(i)

     (k)  "DISABILITY" means a permanent and total disability,  as determined by

                                       1
<PAGE>

the  Committee  in its sole  discretion,  provided  that in no event  shall  any
disability  that is not  permanent  and total  disability  within the meaning of
Section  22(e)(3) of the Code be treated as a Disability.  A Disability shall be
deemed  to  occur  at the  time of the  determination  by the  Committee  of the
Disability.

     (l)  "EFFECTIVE DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

     (m)  "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means, unless otherwise required by any applicable
provision of the Code or any regulations issued thereunder,  as of any date, the
last sales price for the Common Stock on the applicable date: (i) as reported on
the  principal  national  securities  exchange on which it is then traded or the
Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc. or (ii) if not traded on any such national securities
exchange or the Nasdaq Stock  Market,  Inc. as quoted on an automated  quotation
system sponsored by the National Association of Securities Dealers,  Inc. If the
Common  Stock is not readily  tradable on a national  securities  exchange,  the
Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc. or any automated  quotation  system  sponsored by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., its Fair Market Value shall be
set in good faith by the Committee  based on reasonable  methods set forth under
Section  422 of the  Code  and the  regulations  thereunder  including,  without
limitation,  a method  utilizing  the  average  of  prices of the  Common  Stock
reported  on the  principal  national  securities  exchange  on which it is then
traded during a reasonable period  designated by the Committee.  For purposes of
the grant of any Stock Option,  the applicable  date shall be the date for which
the last sales price is available at the time of grant.

     (n)  "INCUMBENT BOARD" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e)(ii).

     (o)  "NON-EMPLOYEE  DIRECTORS" means, except for purposes of the definition
of  Committee,  directors of the Company who are not employees of the Company or
its subsidiaries.

     (p)  "OPTION"  means the right to purchase  the number of Shares granted in
the Option  agreement at a prescribed  purchase price on the terms  specified in
the Plan.  No Option  awarded  under this Plan is intended  to be an  "incentive
stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

     (q)  "OUTSTANDING  HSI VOTING  SECURITIES"  has the  meaning  set forth  in
Section 6(e)(i).

     (r)  "PARTICIPANT"  means a Non-Employee Director who  is granted an Option
under the Plan.

     (s)  "PERSON"  means an  individual, entity or  group within the meaning of
Section l3d-3 or 14d-1 of the Act.

     (t)  "PLAN" means the Henry Schein, Inc. 2001  Non-Employee  Director Stock
Option Plan.

     (u)  "PURCHASE PRICE" means purchase price per Share.

     (v)  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                                        2
<PAGE>

     (w)  "SHARE" means a share of Common Stock.

     (x) "TERMINATION OF SERVICE" means termination of the relationship with the
Company so that an individual is no longer a director of the Company.

3.   EFFECTIVE DATE/EXPIRATION OF PLAN.

     The Plan shall  become  effective  August 6, 2001 (the  "Effective  Date").
Grants of Options  under the Plan will be made after the  Effective  Date of the
Plan pursuant to Section 6.2 of this Plan.

4.   ADMINISTRATION.

     (a) DUTIES  OF THE  COMMITTEE.  The  Plan  shall  be  administered  by  the
Committee.  The Committee shall have full authority to interpret the Plan and to
decide any questions and settle all controversies and disputes that may arise in
connection  with the Plan; to establish,  amend,  and rescind rules for carrying
out the Plan,  to  administer  the Plan,  subject to its  provisions:  to select
Participants  in, and grant  Options  under,  the Plan;  to determine the terms,
Exercise  Price and form of exercise  payment for each Option  granted under the
Plan; to prescribe the form or forms of instruments  evidencing  Options and any
other  instruments  required  under the Plan (which need not be uniform)  and to
change such forms from time to time; and to make all other determinations and to
take  all such  steps  in  connection  with  the  Plan  and the  Options  as the
Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable;  provided, that
all such determinations  shall be in accordance with the express provisions,  if
any, contained in the Plan. The Committee shall not be bound to any standards of
uniformity or similarity of action,  interpretation  or conduct in the discharge
of its duties  hereunder,  regardless of the apparent  similarity of the matters
coming  before it. The  determination,  action or conclusion of the Committee in
connection with the foregoing shall be final, binding and conclusive.

     (b) ADVISORS.  The  Committee  may designate the Secretary  of the Company,
other employees of the Company or competent  professional advisors to assist the
Committee in the  administration  of the Plan,  and may grant  authority to such
persons  to  execute  option  agreements  or other  documents  on  behalf of the
Committee.  The Committee may employ such legal counsel,  consultants and agents
as it may deem desirable for the  administration  of the Plan, and may rely upon
any opinion  received  from any such counsel or consultant  and any  computation
received from any such consultant or agent.  Expenses  incurred by the Committee
in the  engagement  of such  counsel,  consultant  or agent shall be paid by the
Company.

     (c)  INDEMNIFICATION. To the maximum extent  permitted by law,  no officer,
member or former officer or member of the Committee or the Board shall be liable
for any action or  determination  made in good faith with respect to the Plan or
any Option granted under it. To the maximum  extent  permitted by applicable law
or the Certificate of  Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company and to the extent
not covered by insurance,  each officer,  member or former  officer or member of
the  Committee  or of the Board shall be  indemnified  and held  harmless by the
Company  against  any cost or  expense  (including  reasonable  fees of  counsel
reasonably  acceptable to the Company) or liability  (including  any sum paid in
settlement  of a claim with the approval of the Company),  and advanced  amounts

                                       3
<PAGE>

necessary to pay the  foregoing at the earliest  time and to the fullest  extent
permitted,  arising  out of any act or omission  to act in  connection  with the
Plan, except to the extent arising out of such officer's,  member's or officer's
or member's own fraud or bad faith. Such indemnification shall be in addition to
any  rights of  indemnification  the  officers,  members or former  officers  or
members may have as directors  under  applicable law or under the Certificate of
Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or otherwise.

     (d)  Meetings  of the  Committee.  The  Committee  shall  select one of its
members as a Chairman  and shall adopt such rules and  regulations,  as it shall
deem appropriate,  concerning the holding of its meetings and the transaction of
its business. Any member of the Committee may be removed at any time either with
or without  cause by  resolution  adopted by the Board,  and any  vacancy on the
Committee  may at any time be filled by  resolution  adopted by the  Board.  All
determinations  by the  Committee  shall  be made by the  affirmative  vote of a
majority of its members.  Any such  determination  may be made at a meeting duly
called and held at which a majority  of the  members  of the  Committee  were in
attendance in person or through telephonic communication.  Any determination set
forth in writing and signed by all of the members of the  Committee  shall be as
fully  effective  as if it had been made by a vote of such  members at a meeting
duly called and held.

5.   SHARES; ADJUSTMENT UPON CERTAIN EVENTS.

     (a)  SHARES TO BE DELIVERED; FRACTIONAL  SHARES.  Shares to be issued under
the Plan shall be made  available,  at the discretion of the Board,  either from
authorized but unissued  Shares or from issued Shares  reacquired by the Company
and held in treasury.  No fractional  Shares will be issued or transferred  upon
the  exercise  of any Option.  In lieu  thereof,  the  Company  shall pay a cash
adjustment  equal to the same  fraction of the Fair Market Value of one Share on
the date of exercise.

     (b)  NUMBER OF SHARES. Subject to adjustment as provided in this Section 5,
the maximum  aggregate  number of Shares  authorized for issuance under the Plan
shall be  25,000.  If an  Option  is for any  reason  canceled,  or  expires  or
terminates  unexercised,  the  Shares  covered  by such  Option  shall  again be
available for the grant of Options,  within the limits provided by the preceding
sentence.

     (c)  ADJUSTMENTS; RECAPITALIZATION,  ETC. The existence of the Plan and the
Options granted  hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the
Board or the  stockholders  of the Company to make or authorize any  adjustment,
recapitalization,  reorganization  or  other  change  in the  Company's  capital
structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue
of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks ahead of or affecting
Common  Stock,  the  dissolution  or  liquidation  of the Company or any sale or
transfer of all or part of its assets or business or any other  corporate act or
proceeding.  If and whenever the Company  takes any such  action,  however,  the
following provisions, to the extent applicable, shall govern:

          (i) If and  whenever the Company  shall  effect a stock  split,  stock
     dividend,  subdivision,  recapitalization or combination of Shares or other
     changes in the Company's  Common Stock,  (x) the Purchase Price (as defined

                                       4
<PAGE>

     herein)  per  Share  and the  number  and  class  of  Shares  and/or  other
     securities  with respect to which  outstanding  Options  thereafter  may be
     exercised,  and (y) the  total  number  and class of  Shares  and/or  other
     securities  that may be issued  under this Plan,  shall be  proportionately
     adjusted  by  the  Committee.  The  Committee  may  also  make  such  other
     adjustments  as it deems  necessary  to take into  consideration  any other
     event (including, without limitation,  accounting changes) if the Committee
     determines that such  adjustment is appropriate to avoid  distortion in the
     operation of the Plan.

          (ii)  Subject  to  Section   5(c)(iii),   if  the  Company  merges  or
     consolidates  with  one or more  corporations,  then  from  and  after  the
     effective date of such merger or consolidation,  upon exercise of an Option
     theretofore  granted,  the Participant  shall be entitled to purchase under
     such Option,  in lieu of the number of Shares as to which such Option shall
     then be  exercisable  but on the same terms and  conditions of exercise set
     forth  in such  Option,  the  number  and  class  of  Shares  and/or  other
     securities or property (including cash) to which the Participant would have
     been  entitled  pursuant  to  the  terms  of the  agreement  of  merger  or
     consolidation if,  immediately  prior to such merger or consolidation,  the
     Participant  had been the  holder of  record of the total  number of Shares
     receivable upon exercise of such Option (whether or not then exercisable).

          (iii) In the event of an Acquisition  Event, the Committee may, in its
     discretion,  and without any  liability to any  Participant,  terminate all
     outstanding  Options as of the  consummation  of the  Acquisition  Event by
     delivering notice of termination to each Participant at least 20 days prior
     to the date-of consummation of the Acquisition Event; provided that, during
     the period from the date an which such notice of  termination  is delivered
     to the consummation of the Acquisition  Event,  each Participant shall have
     the right to exercise in full all of the Options that are then  outstanding
     (without  regard to  limitations  on exercise  otherwise  contained  in the
     Options).  If an  Acquisition  Event  occurs  and the  Committee  does  not
     terminate the outstanding Options pursuant to the preceding sentence,  then
     the provisions of Section 5(c)(ii) shall apply.

          (iv) If, as a result of any adjustment  made pursuant to the preceding
     paragraphs of this Section 5, any  Participant  shall become  entitled upon
     exercise of an Option to receive any  securities  other than Common  Stock,
     then the number and class of securities so receivable  thereafter  shall be
     subject to adjustment  from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly
     equivalent  as  practicable  to the  provisions  with respect to the Common
     Stock set forth in this Section 5, as  determined  by the  Committee in its
     discretion.

          (v) Except as  herein before expressly  provided,  the issuance by the
     Company of shares of stock of any class,  or  securities  convertible  into
     shares of stock of any class, for cash, property,  labor or services,  upon
     direct sale, upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor,
     or upon conversion of shares or other  securities,  and in any case whether
     or not for fair  value,  shall  not  affect,  and no  adjustment  by reason
     thereof shall be made with respect to the number and class of Shares and/or
     other securities or property subject to Options  theretofore granted of the
     Purchase Price per Share.

                                       5
<PAGE>

6.   AWARDS AND TERMS OF OPTIONS.

     (a)  GRANT. Eligibility and  participation in this Plan shall be determined
by the Committee in its sole discretion.

     (b)  EXERCISE PRICE. The Purchase Price deliverable upon the exercise of an
Option shall be determined by the Committee,  in its sole discretion,  but shall
not be less than the par value of a Share.

     (c) NUMBER OF SHARES.  The option  agreement  shall  specify the  aggregate
number of Shares subject to the Option granted to the Participant, as determined
by the Committee in its sole discretion.

     (d)  EXERCISABILITY. At the time of grant, the Committee shall specify when
and on what terms an Option shall be  exercisable.  In the case of an Option not
immediately  exercisable in full,  the Committee may at any time  accelerate the
time at which all or any part of the Option may be  exercised  and may waive any
other  conditions to exercise,  subject to the terms of the option agreement and
the Plan. No Option shall be exercisable  after the expiration of ten (10) years
from the date of grant.  Each Option shall be subject to earlier  termination as
provided in Section 7 below.

     (e)  ACCELERATION  OF  EXERCISABILITY  ON CHANGE OF  CONTROL.  All  Options
granted and not previously exercisable shall become exercisable immediately upon
a Change of Control (as defined herein). For this purpose, a "Change of Control"
shall be deemed to have occurred upon:

          (i) an acquisition by any Person of beneficial  ownership  (within the
     meaning of Ru1e l3d-3  promulgated  under the Act) of 20% or more of either
     (A) the then  outstanding  Shares or (B) the  combined  voting power of the
     then  outstanding  voting  securities  of  the  Company  entitled  to  vote
     generally  in the  election  of  directors  (the  "OUTSTANDING  HSI  VOTING
     SECURITIES");  excluding,  however,  the  following:  (w)  any  acquisition
     directly  from the  Company,  other  than an  acquisition  by virtue of the
     exercise of a conversion  privilege  unless the security being so converted
     was itself acquired  directly from the Company,  (x) any acquisition by the
     Company, (y) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust)
     sponsored  or  maintained  by the  Company  or (z) any  acquisition  by any
     corporation pursuant to a reorganization,  merger, consolidation or similar
     corporate  transaction  (in each  case,  a  "CORPORATE  TRANSACTION"),  if,
     pursuant to such Corporate Transaction, the conditions described in clauses
     (A), (B) and (C) of paragraph (iii) of this Section are satisfied; or

          (ii)  a  change  in  the  composition  of  the  Board  such  that  the
     individuals who, as of the Effective Date hereof, constitute the Board (the
     Board  as of the  date  hereof  shall  be  herein after referred  to as the
     "INCUMBENT  BOARD")  cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
     of the Board;  provided that for purposes of this subsection any individual
     who  becomes a member  of the Board  subsequent  to the date  hereof  whose
     election,  or nomination  for election by the Company's  stockholders,  was
     approved  by a vote of at least a  majority  of those  individuals  who are
     members of the Board and who are also  members of the  Incumbent  Board (or
     deemed to be such pursuant to this  proviso)  shall be considered as though

                                       6
<PAGE>

     such  individual  were a  member  of the  Incumbent  Board;  but,  provided
     further, that any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs
     as a result of either an actual or  threatened  election  contest  (as such
     terms are used in Rule 14a-l1 of Regulation 14A promulgated  under the Act)
     or other actual or threatened  solicitation of proxies or consents by or on
     behalf of a Person  other than the Board  shall not be so  considered  as a
     member of the Incumbent Board; or

          (iii) the approval by the  stockholders  of the Company of a Corporate
     Transaction or, if  consummation of such Corporate  Transaction is subject,
     at the  time  of such  approval  by  stockholders,  to the  consent  of any
     government or  governmental  agency,  the obtaining of such consent (either
     explicitly or  implicitly  by  consummation);  excluding,  however,  such a
     Corporate Transaction pursuant to which (A) all or substantially all of the
     individuals and entities who are the beneficial  owners,  respectively,  of
     the outstanding  Shares and Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities  immediately
     prior to such Corporate  Transaction  will  beneficially  own,  directly or
     indirectly,  more  than 60% of,  respectively,  the  outstanding  shares of
     common stock of the corporation  resulting from such Corporate  Transaction
     and the combined voting power of the outstanding  voting securities of such
     corporation  entitled to vote  generally in the election of  directors,  in
     substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to
     such Corporate  Transaction,  of the outstanding Shares and Outstanding HSI
     Voting  Securities,  as the  case may be,  (B) no  Person  (other  than the
     Company, any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or the
     corporation  resulting  from  such  Corporate  Transaction  and any  Person
     beneficially  owning,  immediately  prior  to such  Corporate  Transaction,
     directly  or  indirectly,   20%  or  more  of  the  outstanding  Shares  or
     Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities,  as the case may be) will  beneficially
     own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively,  the outstanding
     shares of common stock of the  corporation  resulting  from such  Corporate
     Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities
     of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
     and (C) individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board will constitute
     at  least a  majority  of the  members  of the  board of  directors  of the
     corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction;  notwithstanding the
     foregoing,  no Change of  Control  will  occur if  two-thirds  (2/3) of the
     Incumbent Board approves the Corporate Transaction; or

          (iv) the approval of the stockholders of the Company of (A) a complete
     liquidation  or  dissolution  of the  Company  or (B)  the  sale  or  other
     disposition  of all or  substantially  all of the  assets  of the  Company;
     excluding;  however, such a sale or other disposition to a corporation with
     respect to which,  following such sale or other disposition,  (x) more than
     60% of,  respectively,  the then outstanding shares of common stock of such
     corporation  and the combined voting power of the then  outstanding  voting
     securities of such  corporation  entitled to vote generally in the election
     of directors will be then beneficially  owned,  directly or indirectly,  by
     all or  substantially  all of the  individuals  and  entities  who were the
     beneficial owners  respectively,  of the outstanding Shares and Outstanding
     HSI Voting  Securities  immediately prior to such sale or other disposition
     in substantially the same proportion as their ownership,  immediately prior
     to  such  sale  or  other  disposition,   of  the  outstanding  Shares  and
     Outstanding HSI Voting Securities, as the case may be, (y) no Person (other

                                       7
<PAGE>

     than the Company and any employee  benefit  plan (or related  trust) of the
     Company or such corporation and any Person beneficially owning, immediately
     prior to such sale or other  disposition,  directly or  indirectly,  20% or
     more of the outstanding Shares or Outstanding HSI Voting Securities, as the
     case may be) will beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of,
     respectively,   the  then  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock  of  such
     corporation  and the combined voting power of the then  outstanding  voting
     securities of such  corporation  entitled to vote generally in the election
     of directors and (z)  individuals  who were members of the Incumbent  Board
     will  constitute  at  least a  majority  of the  members  of the  board  of
     directors of such corporation.

     (f)  Exercise of Options.

          (i) A  Participant  may elect to exercise an Option by giving  written
     notice to the  Committee of such  election and of the number of Shares such
     Participant has elected to purchase pursuant to the Option,  accompanied by
     payment in full of the  aggregate  Purchase  Price for the number of Shares
     for which the Option are being exercised.

          (ii) Shares  purchased  pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be
     paid for at the time of exercise as follows:

               (A) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the
          order of the Company;

               (B) if so permitted by the Committee: (x) through the delivery of
          unencumbered  Shares  (including Shares being acquired pursuant to the
          Option then being  exercised),  provided  such Shares (or such Option)
          have been owned by the  Participant for such period as may be required
          by applicable accounting standards to avoid a charge to earnings,  (y)
          through a  combination  of Shares and cash as provided  above,  (z) by
          delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the Company,  such
          promissory  note to be payable on such terms as are  specified  in the
          option  agreement  (except that, in lieu of a stated rate of interest,
          the option  agreement  may  provide  that the rate of  interest on the
          promissory  note will be such rate as is  sufficient,  at the time the
          note  is  given,  to  avoid  the  imputation  of  interest  under  the
          applicable  provisions of the Code),  or by a combination  of cash (or
          cash and  Shares) and the  Participant's  promissory  note;  provided,
          that,  if the  Shares  delivered  upon  exercise  of the  Option is an
          original issue of authorized. Shares, at least so much of the exercise
          price as represents the par value of such Shares shall be paid in cash
          or by a combination of cash and Shares; or

               (C) on such other terms and  conditions  as may be  acceptable to
          the Committee and in accordance  with  applicable law. Upon receipt of
          payment,  the  Company  shall  deliver to the  Participant  as soon as
          practicable  a  certificate  or  certificates   for  the  Shares  then
          purchased.

7.   EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE.

     (a)  Death, Disability, Retirement,etc. Except as otherwise provided in the
Participant's  option  agreement or in this Plan, upon a Termination of Service,

                                       8
<PAGE>

all  outstanding  Options then  exercisable and not exercised by the Participant
prior to such Termination of Service (and any Options not previously exercisable
but made  exercisable  by the Committee at or after the  Termination of Service)
shall  remain  exercisable  by the  Participant  to the extent  not  theretofore
exercised for the following time periods (subject to Section 6(d)):

          (i) In the event of the Participant's death, such Options shall remain
     exercisable (by the  Participant's  estate or by the person given authority
     to exercise such Options by the Participant's  will or by operation of law)
     for a period  of one (1) year  from  the date of the  Participant's  death,
     provided that the Committee, in its discretion, may at any time extend such
     time  period to up to three (3)  years  from the date of the  Participant's
     death.

          (ii) In the event the Participant retires at or after age 65 (or, with
     the  consent  of the  Committee,  before age 65),  or if the  Participant's
     services  terminate due to Disability such Options shall remain exercisable
     for one (1) year from the date of the Participant's Termination of Service,
     provided that the Committee, in its discretion, may at any time extend such
     time  period to up to three (3)  years  from the date of the  Participant's
     Termination of Service.

     (b)  CAUSE OR VOLUNTARY TERMINATION.  Upon the  Termination of Service of a
Participant  for cause (as  defined  herein) or if it is  discovered  after such
Termination of Service that such  Participant  had engaged in conduct that would
have justified a Termination of Service for Cause, all outstanding Options shall
immediately  be  canceled.  Termination  of  Service  shall be  deemed to be for
"Cause"  for  purposes  of this  Section  7(b)  if the  Participant  shall  have
committed fraud or any felony in connection with the  Participant's  duties as a
director  of  the  Company  or  willful  misconduct  or any  act of  disloyalty,
dishonesty,  fraud or breach of trust, confidentiality or fiduciary duties as to
the Company or the commission of any other act which causes or may reasonably be
expected to cause economic or reputational injury to the Company.

     (c)  OTHER TERMINATION.  In the event of a  Termination  of Service for any
reason other than as provided in Section 7(a) and 7(b), all outstanding  Options
then exercisable and not exercised by the Participant  prior to such Termination
of  Service  shall  remain  exercisable  (to  the  extent  exercisable  by  such
Participant  immediately  before  such  termination)  for a period  of three (3)
months after such termination, provided that the Committee in its discretion may
extend such time period to up to one (1) year from the date of the Participant's
Termination of Service.

8.   NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS.

     No Option shall be transferable  by the Participant  otherwise than by will
or under applicable laws of descent and distribution, and during the lifetime of
the holder may be  exercised  only by the holder or his or her guardian or legal
representative. In addition, no Option shall be assigned, negotiated, pledged or
hypothecated  in any way  (whether by  operation  of law or  otherwise),  and no
Option shall be subject to execution,  attachment or similar  process.  Upon any
attempt to transfer, assign, negotiate,  pledge or hypothecate any Option, or in
the event of any levy upon any Option by reason of any execution,  attachment or
similar process contrary to the provisions hereof, such Option shall immediately
be cancelled.

                                       9
<PAGE>

9.   RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER.

     A holder of an Option shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to
any Shares  covered by such holder's  Option until such holder shall have become
the  holder of  record  of such  Shares,  and no  adjustments  shall be made for
dividends in cash or other property or  distributions or other rights in respect
to any such Shares, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Plan.

10.  DETERMINATIONS.

     Each  determination,  interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant
to the provisions of this Plan by the Committee  shall be final,  conclusive and
binding for all purposes and upon all persons,  including,  without  limitation,
the holders of any  Options  and  Non-Employee  Directors  and their  respective
heirs, executors, administrators,  personal representatives and other successors
in interest.

11.  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION.

     The Plan shall terminate at the close of business on the tenth  anniversary
of the Effective Date, unless terminated sooner as hereinafter provided,  and no
Option shall be granted under the Plan on or after that date. The termination of
the Plan  shall not  terminate  any  outstanding  Options  which by their  terms
continue beyond the termination date of the Plan. At any time prior to the tenth
anniversary  of the  Effective  Date the  Board or the  Committee  may  amend or
terminate the Plan or suspend the Plan in whole or in part.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  however,  no  such  amendment  may,  without  the  approval  of  the
stockholders  of the Company,  (i) increase the total number of Shares which may
be acquired  upon exercise of Options  granted  under the Plan;  (ii) change the
requirements for eligibility for  participation in the Plan; or (iii) effect any
change  that  would  require  stockholder  approval  under  Rule  16b-3  (or any
successor provision) promulgated under the Act.

     Nothing  contained  in this Section 11 shall be deemed to prevent the Board
or  the  Committee  from  authorizing   amendments  of  outstanding  Options  of
Participants, including, without limitation, the reduction of the Purchase Price
specified  therein  (or the  granting  or  issuance  of new  Options  at a lower
Purchase Price upon cancellation of outstanding Options), so long as all Options
outstanding  at any one time shall not call for issuance of more Shares than the
remaining  number  provided for under the Plan and so long as the  provisions of
any amended  Options would have been  permissible  under the Plan if such Option
had been originally granted or issued as of the date of such amendment with such
amended terms.

     Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11, (i)
no termination,  amendment or modification of the Plan may,  without the consent
of the  Participant or the  transferee of such  Participant's  Option,  alter or
impair the rights and obligations arising under any then outstanding Option, and
(ii)  neither  the  Board  nor the  Committee  may  make  any  determination  or
interpretation  or take any other  action  which  would  cause any member of the
Committee  to cease to be a  "disinterested  person" with regard to the Plan for
purposes of Rule l6b-3 under the Act.

                                       10
<PAGE>

12.  NON-EXCLUSIVITY.

     Neither  the  adoption  of the  Plan by the  Board  shall be  construed  as
creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive
arrangements  as it may  deem  desirable,  including,  without  limitation,  the
granting or issuance of stock options,  Shares and/or other incentives otherwise
than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or
limited in application.

13.  USE OF PROCEEDS.

     The proceeds of the sale of Shares subject to Options under the Plan are to
be added to the general funds of the Company and used for its general  corporate
purposes as the Board shall determine.

14.  GENERAL PROVISIONS.

     (a)  RIGHT TO TERMINATE  SERVICES. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the
grant of Options  shall  impose  any  obligations  on the  Company to retain any
Participant  as a director nor shall it impose any obligation on the part of any
Participant to remain a director.

     (b)  PURCHASE  FOR  INVESTMENT.  If the  Board  determines  that the law so
requires,  the holder of an Option granted hereunder shall, upon any exercise or
conversion thereof,  execute and deliver to the Company a written statement,  in
form  satisfactory  to  the  Company,  representing  and  warranting  that  such
Participant  is  purchasing  or  accepting  the Shares  then  acquired  for such
Participant's  own  account  and not with a view to the  resale or  distribution
thereof,  that any subsequent offer for sale or sale of any such Shares shall be
made either  pursuant to (i) a  registration  statement on in  appropriate  form
under the  Securities  Act,  which  registration  statement  shall  have  become
effective  and shall be current  with  respect to the Shares  being  offered and
sold, or (ii) a specific  exemption from the  registration  requirements  of the
Securities  Act, and that in claiming such  exemption the holder will,  prior to
any offer for sale or sale of such Shares,  obtain a favorable  written opinion,
satisfactory in form and substance to the Company,  from counsel approved by the
Company as to the availability of such exception.

     (c) TRUSTS, ETC. Nothing contained in the Plan and no action taken pursuant
to the Plan (including,  without limitation, the grant of any Option thereunder)
shall  create or be  construed  to create a trust of any  kind,  or a  fiduciary
relationship,   between  the  Company  and  any  Participant  or  the  executor,
administrator or other personal representative or designated beneficiary of such
Participant,  or any other persons.  Any reserves that may be established by the
Company in  connection  with the Plan shall  continue  to be part of the general
funds of the Company,  and no  individual or entity other than the Company shall
have any  interest  in such  funds  until paid to a  Participant.  If and to the
extent that any Participant or such Participant's  executor,  administrator,  or
other personal  representative,  as the case may be, acquires a right to receive
any  payment  from the  Company  pursuant  to the Plan,  such right  shall be no
greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company.

     (d)  NOTICES. Each  Participant  shall be  responsible  for  furnishing the
Committee  with  the  current  and  proper  address  for  the  mailing  to  such
Participant  of notices and the  delivery  to such  Participant  of  agreements,
Shares and  payments.  Any notices  required or  permitted  to be given shall be

                                       11
<PAGE>

deemed  given if directed to the person to whom  addressed  at such  address and
mailed by regular  United  States  mail,  first class and  prepaid.  If any item
mailed to such address is returned as  undeliverable  to the addressee,  mailing
will be suspended until the Participant furnishes the proper address.

     (e) SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any provisions of the Plan shall be held
invalid or unenforceable,  such invalidity or unenforceability  shall not affect
any other  provisions of the Plan,  and the Plan shall be construed and enforced
as if such provisions had not been included.

     (f)  PAYMENT TO MINORS, ETC. Any benefit payable to or for the benefit of a
minor, an incompetent  person or other person incapable of receipting  therefore
shall be  deemed  paid  when  paid to such  person's  guardian  or to the  party
providing or  reasonably  appearing to provide for the care of such person,  and
such  payment  shall  fully  discharge  the  Committee,  the  Company  and their
employees, agents and representatives with respect thereto.

     (g)  READINGS AND  CAPTIONS.  The headings and captions herein are provided
for reference and  convenience  only.  They shall not be considered  part of the
Plan and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan.

     (h)  OTHER BENEFITS.  No award under this Plan shall be deemed compensation
for purposes of computing  benefits under any retirement  plan of the Company or
its  subsidiaries  nor affect any benefits  under any other  benefit plan now or
subsequently  in effect  under which the  availability  or amount of benefits is
related to the level of compensation.

15.  ISSUANCE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES; LEGENDS AND PAYMENT OF EXPENSES.

     (a)  STOCK CERTIFICATES.  Upon any exercise of an Option and payment of the
exercise price as provided in such Option, a certificate or certificates for the
Shares as to which such Option has been exercised shall be issued by the Company
in the name of the  person  or  persons  exercising  such  Option  and  shall be
delivered to or upon the order of such person or persons.

     (b)  LEGENDS.  Certificates  for Shares  issued upon  exercise of an Option
shall  bear  such  legend  or  legends  as the  Committee,  in  its  discretion,
determines  to be  necessary  or  appropriate  to prevent a violation  of, or to
perfect an exemption from, the  registration  requirements of the Securities Act
or to implement  the  provisions of any  agreements  between the Company and the
Participant with respect to such Shares.

     (c)  PAYMENT OF EXPENSES. The Company shall pay all issue or transfer taxes
with  respect to the  issuance or  transfer  of Shares,  as well as all fees and
expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance or
transfer and with the administration of the Plan.

     (d) SECTION 16(B) OF THE ACT. All elections and transactions under the Plan
by persons subject to Section 16 of the Act involving shares of Common Stock are
intended to comply with any applicable condition under Rule 16b-3. To the extent
any  provision  of the Plan or action by the  Committee  fails to so comply,  it
shall be deemed null and void.  The  Committee  may  establish and adopt written
administrative guidelines,  designed to facilitate compliance with Section 16(b)

                                       12
<PAGE>

of the Act,  as it may deem  necessary  or  proper  for the  administration  and
operation of the Plan and the transaction of business thereunder.

16.  LISTING OF SHARES AND RELATED MATTERS.

     If at any time the Board shall  determine in its sole  discretion  that the
listing,  registration or  qualification  of the Shares covered by the Plan upon
any  national  securities  exchange  or under any state or federal  law,  or the
consent or  approval  of any  governmental  regulatory  body,  is  necessary  or
desirable as a condition of, or in connection  with, the award or sale of Shares
under the Plan,  no Shares  will be  delivered  unless and until  such  listing,
registration,  qualification,  consent or approval  shall have been  effected or
obtained,  or otherwise  provided for, free of any  conditions not acceptable to
the Board.

17.  WITHHOLDING TAXES.

     The  Company  shall have the right to  require,  prior to the  issuance  or
delivery  of any  shares of Common  Stock,  payment  by the  Participant  of any
federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld.








                                       13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
