<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_1996plan.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1996 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED

                               HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

                  1996 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

1.   PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

     The purposes of this Henry Schein,  Inc. 1996 Non- Employee  Director Stock
Option Plan are to enable Henry Schein, Inc. (the "Company") to attract,  retain
and motivate  directors  of the Company who are not  employees of the Company or
its subsidiaries ("Non-Employee Directors") and who are important to the success
of the Company and to create a mutuality  of interest  between the  Non-Employee
Directors and the stockholders of the Company by granting such directors options
to purchase Common Stock (as defined herein) of the Company.

2.   DEFINITIONS

     (a)  "Acquisition  Event"  means a merger  or  consolidation  in which  the
Company is not the  surviving  entity,  or any  transaction  that results in the
acquisition  of all or  substantially  all of the Company's  outstanding  Common
Stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons  and/or  entities in
concert,  or the sale or transfer of all or  substantially  all of the Company's
assets.

     (b) "Act" means the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     (c)  "Board" means the board of directors of the Company.

     (d)  "Cause" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).

     (e)  "Change of Control" has the meaning set for in Section 6(e).

     (f)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     (g)  "Committee"  means such committee,  if any,  appointed by the Board to
administer the Plan consisting of two or more directors as may be appointed from
time to time by the  Board,  each of  whom  shall  qualify  as a  "disinterested
person" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Act. If the Board
does not appoint a committee for this purpose, "Committee" means the Board.

     (h)  "Common Stock" means the voting common stock of the Company, par value
$.01,  any common  stock into which the common  stock may be  converted  and any
common stock resulting from any reclassification of the common stock.

     (i)  "Company" means Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

     (j)  "Corporate Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e)(i)

     (k)  "Disability"  means a permanent and total disability, as determined by
the  Committee  in its sole  discretion,  provided  that in no event  shall  any
disability  that is not  permanent


                                       1
<PAGE>
and total  disability  within the  meaning of  Section  22(e)(3)  of the Code be
treated as a  Disability.  A Disability  shall be deemed to occur at the time of
the determination by the Committee of the Disability.

     (l)  "Effective Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

     (m)  "Fair Market Value" means the value of a Share (as defined herein) on
a particular date, determined as follows:

          (i)  If the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading on such date
on a national securities exchange or quoted through the  National Association of
Securities Dealers' Automated Quotation  ("NASDAQ") National Market System,  the
closing sales price of a Share as reported on the relevant composite transaction
tape, if applicable,  or on such principal exchange (determined by trading value
in the Common Stock) or through the National Market System,  as the case may be,
on such date, or in the absence of reported  sales on such day, the mean between
the reported bid and asked prices reported on such composite transaction tape or
exchange  or through the  National  Market  System,  as the case may be, on such
date; or

          (ii) If the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as  described  in the
preceding clause,  but bid and asked prices are quoted through NASDAQ,  the mean
between  the bid and  asked  prices as quoted  by the  National  Association  of
Securities Dealers through NASDAQ on such date; or

          (iii) If  the  Common  Stock  is  not  listed  or quoted on a national
securities exchange or through NASDAQ or, if  pursuant to (i) and (ii) above the
Fair Market Value is to be  determined  based upon the mean of the bid and asked
prices and the Committee determines that such mean does not properly reflect the
Fair  Market  Value,  by  such  other  method as the  Committee determines to be
reasonable and consistent with applicable law; or

          (iv) If the Common Stock is not publicly traded, such amount as is set
by the Committee in good faith.

     (n)  "HSI  Agreement" means the Amended and Restated HSI Agreement dated as
of February 16, 1994 among the Company and certain other parties.

     (o)  "Incumbent Board" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(e)(ii).

     (p)  "Non-Employee  Directors"  means  directors of the Company who are not
employees of the Company or its subsidiaries.

     (q)  "Option"  means  the  right to  purchase  one  Share  at a  prescribed
purchase price on the terms specified in the Plan.

     (r)  "Outstanding  HSI  Voting  Securities"  has the  meaning  set forth in
Section 6(e)(i).

     (s)  "Participant"  means a  Non-Employee  Director who is granted  Options
under the Plan.


                                       2
<PAGE>

     (t)  "Person"  means an  individual,  entity or group within the meaning of
Section l3d-3 or 14d-1 of the Act.

     (u)  "Plan" means the Henry Schein, Inc. 1996  Non-Employee  Director Stock
Option Plan.

     (v)  "Purchase Price" means purchase price per Share.

     (w)  "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     (x)  "Share" means a share of Common Stock.

     (y)  "Substantial  Stockholder"  means any  Participant  who at the time of
grant owns directly or is deemed to own by reason of the  attribution  rules set
forth in  Section  424(d) of the Code,  Shares  possessing  more than 10% of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company.

     (z) "Termination of Services" means  termination of the  relationship  with
the Company so that an individual is no longer a director of the Company.

3.   EFFECTIVE DATE/EXPIRATION OF PLAN

     This Plan  shall  become  effective  as of March 22,  1996 (the  "Effective
Date"), and was amended on March 4, 2002, subject to its approval not later than
the date of the Company's 2002 Annual Meeting of  Stockholders by the holders of
a majority of the  outstanding  shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon.
Grants of Options  under the Plan may be made on and after the  Effective  Date,
provided  that,  if this Plan is not approved in  accordance  with the preceding
sentence on or before such annual meeting,  all Options granted  pursuant to the
Plan  shall  be null  and  void.  Options  may not be  exercised  prior  to such
approval.

4. ADMINISTRATION

     (a)  DUTIES  OF THE  COMMITTEE.  The  Plan  shall  be  administered  by the
Committee.  The Committee shall have full authority to interpret the Plan and to
decide any questions and settle all controversies and disputes that may arise in
connection  with the Plan; to establish,  amend,  and rescind rules for carrying
out the Plan,  to  administer  the Plan,  subject to its  provisions;  to select
Participants  in, and grant  Options  under,  the Plan;  to determine the terms,
exercise  price and form of exercise  payment for each Option  granted under the
Plan; to prescribe the form or forms of instruments  evidencing  Options and any
other  instruments  required  under the Plan (which need not be uniform)  and to
change such forms from time to time; and to make all other determinations and to
take  all such  steps  in  connection  with  the  Plan  and the  Options  as the
Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable;  provided, that
all such determinations  shall be in accordance with the express provisions,  if
any,  contained in the HSI  Agreement or the Plan.  The  Committee  shall not be
bound to any standards of uniformity or similarity of action,  interpretation or
conduct in the  discharge of its duties  hereunder,  regardless  of the apparent
similarity  of the  matters  coming  before  it.  The  determination,  action or
conclusion  of the Committee in  connection  with the foregoing  shall be final,
binding and conclusive.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     (b)  ADVISORS.  The  Committee  may designate the Secretary of the Company,
other employees of the Company or competent  professional advisors to assist the
Committee in the  administration  of the Plan,  and may grant  authority to such
persons  to  execute  option  agreements  or other  documents  on  behalf of the
Committee.  The Committee may employ such legal counsel,  consultants and agents
as it may deem desirable for the  administration  of the Plan, and may rely upon
any opinion  received  from any such counsel or consultant  and any  computation
received from any such consultant or agent.  Expenses  incurred by the Committee
in the  engagement  of such  counsel,  consultant  or agent shall be paid by the
Company.

     (c)  INDEMNIFICATION.  To the maximum extent  permitted by law, no officer,
member or former officer or member of the Committee or the Board shall be liable
for any action or  determination  made in good faith with respect to the Plan or
any Option granted under it. To the maximum  extent  permitted by applicable law
or the Certificate of  Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company and to the extent
not covered by insurance,  each officer,  member or former  officer or member of
the  Committee  or of the Board shall be  indemnified  and held  harmless by the
Company  against  any cost or  expense  (including  reasonable  fees of  counsel
reasonably  acceptable to the Company) or liability  (including  any sum paid in
settlement  of a claim with the approval of the Company),  and advanced  amounts
necessary to pay the  foregoing at the earliest  time and to the fullest  extent
permitted,  arising  out of any act or omission  to act in  connection  with the
Plan,  except to the extent  arising out of such  officer's,  member's or former
officer's or member's own fraud or bad faith. Such  indemnification  shall be in
addition  to any  rights of  indemnification  the  officers,  members  or former
officers  or members may have as  directors  under  applicable  law or under the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or otherwise.

     (d)  MEETINGS  OF THE  COMMITTEE.  The  Committee  shall  select one of its
members as a Chairman  and shall  adopt such rules and  regulations  as it shall
deem  appropriate  concerning the holding of its meetings and the transaction of
its business. Any member of the Committee may be removed at any time either with
or without  cause by  resolution  adopted by the Board,  and any  vacancy on the
Committee  may at any time be filled by  resolution  adopted by the  Board.  All
determinations  by the  Committee  shall  be made by the  affirmative  vote of a
majority of its members.  Any such  determination  may be made at a meeting duly
called and held at which a majority  of the  members  of the  Committee  were in
attendance in person or through telephonic communication.  Any determination set
forth in writing and signed by all of the members of the  Committee  shall be as
fully  effective  as if it had been made by a vote of such  members at a meeting
duly called and held.

5.   SHARES; ADJUSTMENT UPON CERTAIN EVENTS

     (a)  SHARES TO BE DELIVERED;  FRACTIONAL SHARES.  Shares to be issued under
the Plan shall be made  available at the  discretion  of the Board,  either from
authorized but unissued  Shares or from issued Shares  reacquired by the Company
and held in treasury.  No fractional  Shares will be issued or transferred  upon
the  exercise  of any Option.  In lieu  thereof,  the  Company  shall pay a cash
adjustment  equal to the same  fraction of the Fair Market Value of one Share on
the date of exercise.

     (b)  NUMBER OF SHARES. Subject to adjustment as provided in this Section 5,

                                       4
<PAGE>

the maximum  aggregate  number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall
be 100,000 shares of Common Stock.  If Options are for any reason  canceled,  or
expire or terminate unexercised,  the Shares covered by such Options shall again
be available for the grant of Options, subject to the foregoing limit.

     (c) Adjustments;  Recapitalization,  etc. The existence of the Plan and the
Options granted  hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the
Board or the  stockholders  of the Company to make or authorize any  adjustment,
recapitalization,  reorganization  or  other  change  in the  Company's  capital
structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue
of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks ahead of or affecting
Common  Stock,  the  dissolution  or  liquidation  of the Company or any sale or
transfer of all or part of its assets or business or any other  corporate act or
proceeding.  If and whenever the Company  takes any such  action,  however,  the
following provisions, to the extent applicable, shall govern:

          (i)  If and  whenever the  Company shall effect  a stock split,  stock
dividend,  subdivision,  recapitalization  or  combination  of  Shares  or other
changes in the Company's Common Stock,(x) the Purchase Price (as defined herein)
per Share  and the  number and  class of  Shares  and/or  other securities  with
respect to which outstanding  Options  thereafter may be exercised,  and (y) the
total number and class of Shares and/or  other  securities that  may  be  issued
under  this  Plan,  shall  be  proportionately  adjusted  by  the Committee. The
Committee  may also  make such  other adjustments  as it deems necessary to take
into  consideration  any other event (including,  without limitation, accounting
changes) if the Committee determines  that such  adjustment  is  appropriate  to
avoid  distortion  in the operation of the Plan.

          (ii) Subject  to  Section  5 (c)(iii),  if   the  Company   merges  or
consolidates  with  one or more corporations,  then from and after the effective
date of such merger  or  consolidation,  upon  exercise of  Options  theretofore
granted, the Participant shall be entitled to purchase  under such  Options,  in
lieu of the number of Shares as to which such Options shall then be  exercisable
but on the same terms and conditions of exercise set forth in such Options,  the
number and class of Shares and/or other securities or property  (including cash)
to which the Participant  would have been entitled  pursuant to the terms of the
agreement of merger or consolidation if, immediately prior  to  such  merger  or
consolidation, the Participant had been the holder of record of the total number
of  Shares  receivable  upon  exercise  of such  Options  (whether  or not  then
exercisable).

          (iii)In the event of an Acquisition Event, the Committee  may,  in its
discretion,  and  without  any  liability  to  any  Participant,  terminate  all
outstanding  Options  as  of  the  consummation  of  the  Acquisition  Event  by
delivering  notice of termination to each  Participant at least 20 days prior to
the date of  consummation of the Acquisition  Event;  provided that,  during the
period from the date on which such notice of  termination  is  delivered  to the
consummation of the Acquisition  Event, each Participant shall have the right to
exercise in full all of the Options that are then outstanding (without regard to
limitations on exercise otherwise  contained in the Options).  If an Acquisition
Event  occurs and the  Committee  does not  terminate  the  outstanding  Options
pursuant to the preceding  sentence,  then the  provisions  of Section  5(c)(ii)
shall apply.

          (iv) If, as a result of any adjustment made pursuant to the  preceding
paragraphs  of this  Section  5, any  Participant  shall  become  entitled  upon
exercise of an Option to

                                       5
<PAGE>

receive any  securities  other than Common  Stock,  then the number and class of
securities so receivable  thereafter shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time in a  manner  and on terms  as  nearly  equivalent  as  practicable  to the
provisions  with  respect  to the Common  Stock set forth in this  Section 5, as
determined by the Committee in its discretion.

          (v)  Except as hereinbefore  expressly  provided,  the issuance by the
Company of shares of stock of any class,  or securities  convertible into shares
of stock of any class, for cash, property,  labor or services, upon direct sale,
upon  the  exercise  of rights  or  warrants  to  subscribe  therefor,  or  upon
conversion of shares or other  securities,  and  in any case  whether or not for
fair value, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason  thereof shall be made
with  respect  to the  number and class  of Shares  and/or other  securities  or
property subject to Options theretofore granted of the Purchase Price per Share.

6.   AWARDS AND TERMS OF OPTIONS;

     (a)  GRANT. The Committee may grant Options to Non-Employee Directors.

     (b)  EXERCISE PRICE. The Purchase Price deliverable upon the exercise of an
Option shall be determined by the Committee,  in its sole discretion,  but shall
not be less than the par value of a Share.

     (c)  NUMBER OF SHARES.  The option agreement  shall  specify  the number of
Options granted to the  Participant,  as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion.

     (d)  EXERCISABILITY. At the time of grant, the Committee shall specify when
and on what  terms the  Options  granted  shall be  exercisable.  In the case of
Options not  immediately  exercisable  in full,  the  Committee  may at any time
accelerate the time at which all or any part of the Options may be exercised and
may waive any other  conditions to exercise,  subject to the terms of the option
agreement and the Plan. No Option shall be  exercisable  after the expiration of
ten (10) year from the date of grant.  Each  Option  shall be subject to earlier
termination as provided in Section 7 below.

     (e)  ACCELERATION  OF  EXERCISABILITY  ON CHANGE OF  CONTROL.  All  Options
granted and not previously exercisable shall become exercisable immediately upon
the later of a Change of Control (as defined herein) or approval of this Plan in
accordance  with  Section 3. For this  purpose,  a "Change of Control"  shall be
deemed to have occurred upon:

          (i)  an acquisition by any Person of beneficial  ownership (within the
     meaning of Rule 13d-3  promulgated  under the Act) of 20% or more of either
     (A) the then  outstanding  Shares or (B) the  combined  voting power of the
     then  outstanding  voting  securities  of  the  Company  entitled  to  vote
     generally  in the  election  of  directors  (the  "Outstanding  HSI  Voting
     Securities");  excluding,  however,  the  following:  (w)  any  acquisition
     directly  from the  Company,  other  than an  acquisition  by virtue of the
     exercise of a conversion  privilege  unless the security being so converted
     was itself acquired  directly from the Company,  (x) any acquisition by the
     Company, (y) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust)
     sponsored  or  maintained  by the  Company  or (z) any  acquisition  by any
     corporation pursuant to a reorganization,  merger, consolidation or similar
     corporate  transaction  (in each  case,  a  "Corporate  Transaction"),  if,
     pursuant to

                                       6
<PAGE>

     such Corporate  Transaction,  the conditions  described in clauses (A), (B)
     and (C) of paragraph (iii) of this Section 6 are satisfied; or

          (ii)  a  change  in  the  composition  of  the  Board  such  that  the
     individuals who, as of the Effective Date hereof, constitute the Board (the
     Board  as of the  date  hereof  shall  be  hereinafter  referred  to as the
     "Incumbent  Board")  cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
     of the Board;  provided that for purposes of this Subsection any individual
     who  becomes a member  of the Board  subsequent  to the date  hereof  whose
     election,  or nomination  for election by the Company's  stockholders,  was
     approved  by a vote of at least a  majority  of those  individuals  who are
     members of the Board  and who are also members of the  Incumbent Board  (or
     deemed to be  pursuant to this proviso) shall be considered  as though such
     individual were a member of the  Incumbent  Board;  but,  provided further,
     that any such  individual  whose  initial  assumption of office occurs as a
     result of either an actual or  threatened  election  contest (as such terms
     are used in Rule 14a-11 of  Regulation  14A  promulgated  under the Act) or
     other actual or threatened solicitation  of proxies  or  consents by  or on
     behalf of a Person other than the Board  shall  not be so  considered  as a
     member  of the Incumbent Board; or

          (iii) the approval by the  stockholders  of the Company of a Corporate
     Transaction or, if  consummation of such Corporate  Transaction is subject,
     at the  time  of such  approval  by  stockholders,  to the  consent  of any
     government or  governmental  agency,  the obtaining of such consent (either
     explicitly  or  implicitly  by  consummation),   excluding,  however,  such
     Corporate Transaction pursuant to which (A) all or substantially all of the
     individuals and entities who are the beneficial  owners,  respectively,  of
     the outstanding  Shares and Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities  immediately
     prior to such Corporate  Transaction  will  beneficially  own,  directly or
     indirectly,  more  than 60% of,  respectively,  the  outstanding  shares of
     common stock of the corporation  resulting from such Corporate  Transaction
     and the combined voting power of the outstanding  voting securities of such
     corporation  entitled to vote  generally in the election of  directors,  in
     substantially the same proportions as their ownership  immediately prior to
     such Corporate  Transaction,  of the outstanding Shares and Outstanding HSI
     Voting  Securities,  as the  case may be,  (B) no  Person  (other  than the
     Company, any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or the
     corporation  resulting  from  such  Corporate  Transaction  and any  Person
     beneficially  owning,  immediately  prior  to such  Corporate  Transaction,
     directly  or  indirectly,   20%  or  more  of  the  outstanding  Shares  or
     Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities,  as the case may be) will  beneficially
     own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively,  the outstanding
     shares of common stock of the  corporation  resulting  from such  Corporate
     Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities
     of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
     and (C) individuals who were members of the Incumbent Board will constitute
     at  least a  majority  of the  members  of the  board of  directors  of the
     corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction,  notwithstanding the
     foregoing,  no Change of Control will occur if the Incumbent Board approves
     the Corporate Transaction; or

          (iv) the approval of the stockholders of the Company of (A) a complete
     liquidation  or  dissolution  of the  Company  or (B)  the  sale  or  other
     disposition  of all or  substantially  all of the  assets  of the  Company;
     excluding,  however,  such sale or other

                                       7
<PAGE>

     disposition to a corporation with respect to which,  following such sale or
     other disposition, (x) more than 60% of, respectively, the then outstanding
     shares of common stock of such corporation and the combined voting power of
     the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote
     generally  in the election of directors  will be then  beneficially  owned,
     directly or indirectly,  by all or substantially all of the individuals and
     entities who were the beneficial owners,  respectively,  of the outstanding
     Shares and Outstanding HSI Voting Securities immediately prior to such sale
     or  other  disposition  in  substantially  the  same  proportion  as  their
     ownership,  immediately  prior to such  sale or other  disposition,  of the
     outstanding Shares and Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities,  as the case may
     be, (y) no Person (other than the Company and any employee benefit plan (or
     related  trust)  of  the  Company  or  such   corporation  and  any  Person
     beneficially  owning,  immediately prior to such sale or other disposition,
     directly  or  indirectly,   20%  or  more  of  the  outstanding  Shares  or
     Outstanding HSI Voting  Securities,  as the case may be) will  beneficially
     own,  directly  or  indirectly,  20% or more  of,  respectively,  the  then
     outstanding  shares of common  stock of such  corporation  and the combined
     voting power of the then outstanding  voting securities of such corporation
     entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (z) individuals
     who were members of the Incumbent Board will constitute at least a majority
     of the members of the board of directors of such corporation.

     (f)  EXERCISE OF OPTIONS.

          (i)  A Participant may elect to exercise one or more Options by giving
written  notice to the  Committee of such  election and of the number of Options
such Participant has elected to exercise,  accompanied by payment in full of the
aggregate  Purchase  Price for the  number of shares for which the  Options  are
being exercised.

          (ii) Shares  purchased  pursuant  to  the exercise of Options shall be
paid for at the time of exercise as follows:

               (A) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the
          order of the Company;

               (B) if so permitted by the Committee: (x) through the delivery of
          unencumbered  Shares  (including Shares being acquired pursuant to the
          Options then being exercised),  provided such Shares (or such Options)
          have been owned by the  Participant for such period as may be required
          by applicable accounting standards to avoid a charge to earnings,  (y)
          through a  combination  of Shares and cash as provided  above,  (z) by
          delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the Company,  such
          promissory  note to be payable on such terms as are  specified  in the
          option  agreement  (except that, in lieu of a stated rate of interest,
          the option  agreement  may  provide  that the rate of  interest on the
          promissory  note will be such rate as is  sufficient,  at the time the
          note  is  given,  to  avoid  the  imputation  of  interest  under  the
          applicable  provisions of the Code),  or by a combination  of cash (or
          cash and  Shares) and the  Participant's  promissory  note;  provided,
          that,  if the  Shares  delivered  upon  exercise  of the  Option is an
          original issue of authorized  Shares, at least so much of the exercise
          price as represents the par value of such

                                       8
<PAGE>

          Shares shall be paid in cash or by a  combination  of cash and Shares;
          or

               (C) on such other terms and  conditions  as may be  acceptable to
          the Committee and in accordance  with  applicable law. Upon receipt of
          payment,  the  Company  shall  deliver to the  Participant  as soon as
          practicable  a  certificate  or  certificates   for  the  Shares  then
          purchased.

7.   EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF SERVICES

     (a) Death, Disability, Retirement, etc. Except as otherwise provided in the
Participant's  option agreement  or in this Plan, upon  Termination of Services,
all  outstanding  Options then  exercisable and not exercised by the Participant
prior  to  such   Termination  of  Services  (and  any  Options  not  previously
exercisable but made exercisable by the Committee at or after the Termination of
Services)  shall  remain  exercisable  by  the  Participant  to the  extent  not
theretofore exercised for the following time periods (subject to Section 6(d)):

          (i) In the event of the Participant's death, such Options shall remain
     exercisable (by the  Participant's  estate or by the person given authority
     to exercise such Options by the Participant's  will or by operation of law)
     for a period  of one (1) year  from  the date of the  Participant's  death,
     provided that the Committee, in its discretion, may at any time extend such
     time  period to up to three (3)  years  from the date of the  Participant's
     death.

          (ii) In the event the Participant retires at or after age 65 (or, with
     the  consent  of the  Committee,  before age 65),  or if the  Participant's
     services terminate due to Disability, such Options shall remain exercisable
     for  one  (1)  year  from  the  date of the  Participant's  Termination  of
     Services,  provided that the Committee, in its discretion,  may at any time
     extend  such time  period  to up to three  (3)  years  from the date of the
     Participant's Termination of Services.

     (b)  CAUSE OR VOLUNTARY TERMINATION.  Upon the Termination of Services of a
Participant  for cause (as  defined  herein) or if it is  discovered  after such
Termination of Services that such  Participant had engaged in conduct that would
have  justified a Termination  of Services for Cause,  all  outstanding  Options
shall immediately be canceled. Termination of Services shall be deemed to be for
"Cause"  for  purposes  of this  Section  7(b)  if the  Participant  shall  have
committed fraud or any felony in connection with the  Participant's  duties as a
director  of  the  Company  or  willful  misconduct  or any  act of  disloyalty,
dishonesty,  fraud or breach of trust, confidentiality or fiduciary duties as to
the Company or the commission of any other act which causes or may reasonably be
expected to cause economic or reputational injury to the Company.

     (c)  OTHER TERMINATION.  In the event of  Termination  of Services  for any
reason other than as provided in Section 7(a) and 7(b), all outstanding  Options
then exercisable and not exercised by the Participant  prior to such Termination
of  Services  shall  remain  exercisable  (to  the  extent  exercisable  by such
Participant  immediately  before  such  termination)  for a period  of three (3)
months after such termination, provided that the Committee in its discretion may
extend such time period to up to one (1) year from the date of the Participant's
Termination of Services.

8.   NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS

                                       9
<PAGE>

     No Option shall be transferable  by the Participant  otherwise than by will
or under applicable laws of descent and distribution, and during the lifetime of
the holder may be  exercised  only by the holder or his or her guardian or legal
representative. In addition, no Option shall be assigned, negotiated, pledged or
hypothecated  in any way  (whether by  operation  of law or  otherwise),  and no
Option shall be subject to execution,  attachment or similar  process.  Upon any
attempt to transfer, assign, negotiate,  pledge or hypothecate any Option, or in
the event of any levy upon any Option by reason of any execution,  attachment or
similar process contrary to the provisions hereof, such Option shall immediately
be cancelled.

9.   RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER

     A holder of an Option shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to
any Shares  covered by such holder's  Option until such holder shall have become
the  holder of  record  of such  Shares,  and no  adjustments  shall be made for
dividends in cash or other property or  distributions or other rights in respect
to any such Shares, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Plan.

10.  DETERMINATIONS

     Each  determination,  interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant
to the provisions of this Plan by the Committee  shall be final,  conclusive and
binding for all purposes and upon all persons,  including,  without  limitation,
the holders of any  Options  and  Non-Employee  Directors  and their  respective
heirs, executors, administrators,  personal representatives and other successors
in interest.

11.  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION

     The Plan shall terminate at the close of business on the tenth  anniversary
of the Effective Date, unless terminated sooner as hereinafter provided,  and no
Option shall be granted under the Plan on or after that date. The termination of
the Plan  shall not  terminate  any  outstanding  Options  which by their  terms
continue beyond the termination date of the Plan. At any time prior to the tenth
anniversary  of the  Effective  Date,  the Board or the  Committee  may amend or
terminate the Plan or suspend the Plan in whole or in part.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  however,  no  such  amendment  may,  without  the  approval  of  the
stockholders  of the Company,  (i) increase the total number of Shares which may
be acquired  upon exercise of Options  granted  under the Plan;  (ii) change the
requirements for eligibility for  participation in the Plan; or (iii) effect any
change  that  would  require  stockholder  approval  under  Rule  16b-3  (or any
successor provision) promulgated under the Act.

     Subject to the  provisions  of this Section 11,  nothing  contained in this
Section  11  shall  be  deemed  to  prevent  the  Board  or the  Committee  from
authorizing  amendments  of  outstanding  Options  of  Participants,  including,
without  limitation,  the reduction of the Purchase Price specified  therein (or
the  granting  or  issuance  of new  Options  at a  lower  Purchase  Price  upon
cancellation of outstanding  Options), so long as (i) all Options outstanding at
any one time  shall not call for  issuance  of more  Shares  than the  remaining
number  provided for under the Plan,  (ii) the provisions of any amended Options
would have been  permissible  under the Plan if such Option had been  originally
granted or issued as of the date of such  amendment  with such amended terms and
(iii) the  provisions  regarding  shareholder  approval  set forth below in this

                                       10
<PAGE>

Section 11 are complied with.

     Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  contained  in this  Section 11,
without the approval of the shareholders of the Company,  no outstanding  Option
may be modified to reduce the exercise  price  thereof nor may a new Option at a
lower price be substituted for a  simultaneously  surrendered  Option,  provided
that the foregoing shall not apply to adjustments or substitutions in accordance
with Section 5.

     Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11, (i)
no termination,  amendment or modification of the Plan may,  without the consent
of the  Participant or the  transferee of such  Participant's  Option,  alter or
impair the rights and obligations arising under any then outstanding Option, and
(ii)  neither  the  Board  nor the  Committee  may  make  any  determination  or
interpretation  or take any other  action  which  would  cause any member of the
Committee  to cease to be a  "disinterested  person" with regard to the Plan for
purposes of Rule l6b-3 under the Act.

12.  NON-EXCLUSIVITY

     Subject to the express provisions  contained in the HSI Agreement,  neither
the  adoption  of the Plan by the  Board nor the  submission  of the Plan to the
stockholders  of the Company for  approval  shall be  construed  as creating any
limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements
as it may  deem  desirable,  including,  without  limitation,  the  granting  or
issuance of stock options,  Shares and/or other incentives  otherwise than under
the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or limited in
application.

13.  USE OF PROCEEDS

     The proceeds of the sale of Shares subject to Options under the Plan are to
be added to the general funds of the Company and used for its general  corporate
purposes as the Board shall determine.

14. GENERAL PROVISIONS

     (a)  RIGHT TO TERMINATE  SERVICES. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the
grant of Options  shall  impose  any  obligations  on the  Company to retain any
Participant  as a director nor shall it impose any obligation on the part of any
Participant to remain a director.

     (b)  PURCHASE  FOR  INVESTMENT.  If the  Board  determines  that the law so
requires,  the holder of an Option granted hereunder shall, upon any exercise or
conversion thereof,  execute and deliver to the Company a written statement,  in
form  satisfactory  to  the  Company,  representing  and  warranting  that  such
Participant  is  purchasing  or  accepting  the Shares  then  acquired  for such
Participant's  own  account  and not with a view to the  resale or  distribution
thereof,  that any subsequent offer for sale or sale of any such Shares shall be
made either pursuant to (i) a registration  statement in appropriate  form under
the Securities Act, which registration statement shall have become effective and
shall be current with respect to the Shares  being  offered and sold,  or (ii) a
specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and
that in claiming such exemption the holder will,  prior to any offer for sale or
sale of such Shares,  obtain a favorable  written opinion,  satisfactory in form
and  substance  to the Company,  from counsel  approved by the Company as to the
availability of such exception.

                                       11
<PAGE>

     (c)  TRUSTS,ETC. Nothing contained in the Plan and no action taken pursuant
to the Plan (including,  without limitation, the grant of any Option thereunder)
shall  create or be  construed  to create a trust of any  kind,  or a  fiduciary
relationship,   between  the  Company  and  any  Participant  or  the  executor,
administrator or other personal representative or designated beneficiary of such
Participant,  or any other persons.  Any reserves that may be established by the
Company in  connection  with the Plan shall  continue  to be part of the general
funds of the Company,  and no  individual or entity other than the Company shall
have any  interest  in such  funds  until paid to a  Participant.  If and to the
extent that any Participant or such Participant's  executor,  administrator,  or
other personal  representative,  as the case may be, acquires a right to receive
any  payment  from the  Company  pursuant  to the Plan,  such right  shall be no
greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company.

     (d)  NOTICES.  Each  Participant shall be  responsible  for  furnishing the
Committee  with  the  current  and  proper  address  for  the  mailing  to  such
Participant  of notices and the  delivery  to such  Participant  of  agreements,
Shares and  payments.  Any notices  required or  permitted  to be given shall be
deemed  given if directed to the person to whom  addressed  at such  address and
mailed by regular  United  States  mail,  first class and  prepaid.  If any item
mailed to such address is returned as  undeliverable  to the addressee,  mailing
will be suspended until the Participant furnishes the proper address.

     (e)  SEVERABILITY  OF  PROVISIONS.  If any provisions of the  Plan shall be
held invalid or unenforceable,  such invalidity  or  unenforceability shall  not
affect any  other  provisions of the Plan,  and the Plan shall  be construed and
enforced as if such provisions had not been included.

     (f)  PAYMENT TO MINORS, ETC. Any benefit payable to or for the benefit of a
minor, an incompetent  person or other person  incapable of receipting  therefor
shall be  deemed  paid  when  paid to such  person's  guardian  or to the  party
providing or  reasonably  appearing to provide for the care of such person,  and
such  payment  shall  fully  discharge  the  Committee,  the  Company  and their
employees, agents and representatives with respect thereto.

     (g)  READINGS AND  CAPTIONS. The headings and captions  herein are provided
for reference and  convenience  only.  They shall not be considered  part of the
Plan and shall not be employed in the construction of the Plan.

15.  ISSUANCE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES; LEGENDS AND PAYMENT OF EXPENSES

     (a)  STOCK CERTIFICATES.  Upon any exercise of an Option and payment of the
exercise price as provided in such Option, a certificate or certificates for the
Shares as to which such Option has been exercised shall be issued by the Company
in the name of the  person  or  persons  exercising  such  Option  and  shall be
delivered to or upon the order of such person or persons.

     (b)  LEGENDS.  Certificates  for Shares  issued upon  exercise of an Option
shall  bear  such  legend  or  legends  as the  Committee,  in  its  discretion,
determines  to be  necessary  or  appropriate  to prevent a violation  of, or to
perfect an exemption from, the registration  requirements of the Securities Act,
or to implement  the  provisions of any  agreements  between the Company and the
Participant with respect to such Shares.

     (c) PAYMENT OF EXPENSES.  The Company shall pay all issue or transfer taxes
with

                                       12
<PAGE>

respect to the issuance or transfer of Shares,  as well as all fees and expenses
necessarily incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance or transfer
and with the administration of the Plan.

16.  LISTING OF SHARES AND RELATED MATTERS

         If at any time the Board shall determine in its sole discretion that
the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares covered by the Plan
upon any national securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the
consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or
desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the award or sale of Shares
under the Plan, no Shares will be delivered unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or
obtained, or otherwise provided for, free of any conditions not acceptable to
the Board.

17.  WITHHOLDING TAXES

     Where a Participant or other person is entitled to receive Shares  pursuant
to the  exercise of an Option,  the Company  shall have the right to require the
Participant  or such other  person to pay to the Company the amount of any taxes
which  the  Company  may  be  required  to  withhold  before  delivery  to  such
Participant  or  other  person  of  cash  or  a  certificate   or   certificates
representing such Shares.

     Unless  otherwise  prohibited  by the  Committee  or by  applicable  law, a
Participant  may  satisfy  any such  withholding  tax  obligation  by any of the
following methods, or by a combination of such methods:  (a) securing payment in
cash or property in lieu of withholding, (b) authorizing the Company to withhold
from the Shares  otherwise  payable to such  Participant (1) one or more of such
Shares  having an aggregate  Fair Market  Value,  determined  as of the date the
withholding tax obligation arises, less than or equal to the amount of the total
withholding  tax  obligation  or (2) cash in an amount less than or equal to the
amount of the total withholding tax obligation; or (c) delivering to the Company
previously  acquired  Shares  (none of which Shares may be subject to any claim,
lien,  security interest,  community property right or other right of spouses or
present or former family  members,  pledge,  option,  voting  agreement or other
restriction or encumbrance  of any nature  whatsoever)  having an aggregate Fair
Market Value,  determined as of the date the withholding obligation arises, less
than  or  equal  to the  amount  of the  total  withholding  tax  obligation.  A
Participant's election to pay his or her withholding tax obligation (in whole or
in part) by the method described in (b)(1) above is irrevocable once it is made,
may be  disapproved  by the Committee  and, if made by any director,  officer or
other person who is subject to Section  16(b) of the Act,  must be made (x) only
during the period  beginning  on the third  business day  following  the date of
release of the  Company's  quarterly  or annual  summary  statement of sales and
earnings  and ending on the  twelfth  business  day  following  the date of such
release;  (y) not less  than six  months  prior to the date  such  Participant's
withholding  tax  obligation  arises or (z) during  any other  period in which a
withholding election may be made under the provisions of Rule 16b-3.

                                       13



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
