<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.70
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g81380exv10w70.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.70


                        SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

THIS SEVERANCE AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT") is entered into May 14,
2002, (the "Notice Date") by and between DALEEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware
corporation ("Company") and Steven Kim ("Team Member") relating to Team Member's
termination of employment and separation from the company effective May 31, 2002
(the "Separation Date"). "Company" includes all current or former affiliated
corporations, parent corporations, partnerships, divisions and subsidiaries or
other entities, and the officers, directors, shareholders, other team members,
agents, attorneys, successors and assigns of the Company.

SECTION 1. SEPARATION FROM EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE PAYMENT.

         A.  Team Member's termination as an employee of the Company will begin
             and be effective on the Separation Date. However, Team Member will
             not be required to report to work after May 24, 2002. Team Member
             will be paid remaining standard gross wages less applicable taxes
             and withholdings in accordance with standard payroll practices
             through the Separation Date. Team Member will also be reimbursed
             for all legitimate business expenses incurred on Company's behalf
             that have been approved and are otherwise in accordance with the
             Company's written policies. Team member will also be paid any
             accrued and unused personal time as of the Separation Date.

         B.  In exchange for the promises of the Team Member as set forth or
             otherwise described in this Agreement, the Company agrees to
             provide Team Member the severance as described below. This Section
             sets forth the entire and complete description of the severance to
             be paid to the Team Member by the Company.

            i.  Company will pay $50,000 (equal to 3 months salary) in a lump
                sum payment less withholding taxes as severance payable within 3
                weeks of the Separation Date. The Separation Period as referred
                to herein shall be three months from the Separation Date.

            ii.
                For up to 3 months following the Separation Date, which is
                deemed the qualifying event to initiate Cobra, the Company will
                pay the Cobra premiums for Employee's health and dental benefit
                programs in accordance with the employee's current
                participation. The Cobra continuation period as required by law
                shall apply and run concurrent with the severance period. In no
                event shall the Cobra continuation period be less than or more
                than what is required by law.

         C.  Team Member acknowledges that the monies (described in this
             Agreement) represent all monies to which Team Member may now or may
             hereafter be entitled from the Company. This includes but is not
             limited to back-pay, severance pay, wages, overtime pay,
             commissions, bonuses, vacation pay, relocation fees, benefits,
             attorneys' fees and damages of any nature whatsoever.

SECTION 2. COVENANTS OF TEAM MEMBER.

         A.  Team Member (on his own behalf and on behalf of his heirs, personal
             representatives, and any other person who may be entitled to make a
             claim on his behalf) hereby agrees to remise, release, acquit,
             satisfy, and forever discharge Company, of and from all, and all
             manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, suits,
             debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, bills, contracts,
             controversies, agreements, promises, variances, claims and demands
             whatsoever, in law or in equity, which Team Member ever had, now
             has, or which any representative of Team Member, hereafter can,
             shall or may have, against Company, for, upon or by reason of any
             matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time to
             the day of this Agreement. Team Member represents that Team Member
             does not currently have on file, and has not made in any forum, any
             complaints, charges, or claims (whether civil, administrative, or
             criminal) against Company. Team Member agrees not to bring any
             charges, claims, or actions against Company in the future, except
             claims that Company has breached its obligations set forth in this
             Agreement.

         B.  The rights and claims which Team Member waives and releases in this
             Agreement include, to every extent allowed by law, those arising
             under the Team Member Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the
             Civil Rights Acts of 1866, 1871, 1964 and 1991, the Rehabilitation
             Act of 1973, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Vietnam Era Veteran's
             Readjustment
<PAGE>

             Assistance Act of 1974, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the
             Immigration reform and Control Act of 1986, the Americans with
             Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967,
             the Older Worker's Benefit Protection Act, and the Florida Civil
             Rights Act. This is not a complete list, and Team Member waives and
             releases all similar rights and claims under all other federal,
             state and local discrimination provisions and all other statutory
             and common law causes of action, to the extent allowed by law,
             relating in any way to Team Member's employment or separation from
             employment with Company.

         C.  Team Member agrees to the following Non-Solicitation and
             Confidentiality Provisions:

            i.   Without limitation of any other Agreement between Team Member
                 and Company, Team Member shall not employ or engage or attempt
                 to employ or engage the services of any Team Member of Company,
                 either directly or through the agency of a third party for a
                 period of one year after the Separate Date.

            ii.  During the Severance Period, Team Member shall not directly or
                 indirectly, as owner, director, employee or agent conduct or be
                 related to any business in direct competition with any business
                 of Company.

            iii. In addition to, and not in limitation of the other provisions
                 hereof or of any other Agreement between Team Member and
                 Company, Team Member shall not at any time in any manner
                 interfere with, or otherwise jeopardize the business of Company
                 or do or permit to be done anything which may tend to take away
                 or diminish the trade, business or good will of Company or give
                 to any person the benefit or advantage of Company's methods of
                 operation, advertising, publicity, training, business customers
                 or accounts, or any other information relating or useful to
                 Company's business. Team Member agrees to preserve as
                 confidential or proprietary, technical and business information
                 to include, but not limited to, the Company's past, present,
                 and future business, developments, technical data,
                 specifications, designs, concepts, discoveries, copyrights,
                 improvements, product plans and information, research and
                 development plans and product roadmaps, personal information,
                 personnel information, financial information, customer or
                 business alliance partner lists, customer and business alliance
                 leads, and/or marketing programs (the "Confidential
                 Information").

            iv.  The existence of any claim or cause of action by Team Member
                 against Company predicated on this Agreement or otherwise,
                 shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by Company of
                 these covenants.

            v.   Team Member acknowledges and confirms that the restrictions
                 contained herein are fair and reasonable and not the result of
                 overreaching, duress, or coercion of any kind.

         D.  Team Member and Company agree that each will refrain from making
             any written or oral statement or taking any action, directly or
             through others, which either knows or reasonably should know to be
             disparaging or negative concerning the Company or its officers,
             directors, Team Members or agents or the Team Member.

         E.  Team Member agrees that Team Member will be responsible for Team
             Member's own attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the
             negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement and that
             Team Member unconditionally releases and discharges Employer from
             any claim for such attorneys' fees incurred by Team Member or on
             Team Member's behalf.

         F.  Team Member agrees and acknowledges that this Agreement does not
             constitute an admission by Employer of any violation of any
             federal, state, or local statue or regulation, or any violation of
             any of Team Member's rights or of any duty owed by Employer to Team
             Member.

         G.  Team Member warrants that Team Member has surrendered to the
             Company, in good condition, all material records (and copies
             thereof) pertaining to Company's business operations and related to
             any work performed for Company, all Company property, and any and
             all third party property, including all confidential and/or
             proprietary information, drawings, computer programs or copies
             thereof, documentation, notebooks and notes, reports and any other
             materials on electronic or printed media. Included are any
             documents or media containing the names, addresses, and other
             information with regard to Confidential Information.

         H.  It is recognized and acknowledged that a breach by the Team Member
             or the Company of any of the covenants in Section 2 of this
             Agreement will cause irreparable harm and damage to the other
             party, the monetary amount of which may be virtually impossible to
             ascertain. As a result, each recognizes and acknowledges that the
             other party shall be entitled to, in

                                       2
<PAGE>

             addition to any other remedies available to the other party, an
             injunction from any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining and
             restraining any violation of any or all of the covenants contained
             in Section 2 of this Agreement by Team Member or Company and such
             right to an injunction shall be cumulative and in addition to
             whatever other remedies the Company or the Team Member (as the case
             may be) may possess.

         I.  Employee agrees and acknowledges that Employee will be responsible
             for payment of any outstanding balance on Employee's company-issued
             or company-guaranteed American Express account. Employee agrees
             that Company will be entitled to deduct from Employee's payment an
             amount equal to the unpaid balance on the American Express account
             as of the Separation Date.

SECTION 3. INFORMED, VOLUNTARY SIGNATURE.

             Company has informed Team Member that he may consult counsel before
             executing this Agreement. Team Member agrees that Team Member has
             had a full and fair opportunity to review this Agreement with
             counsel and signs it knowingly, voluntarily, and without duress or
             coercion. Further, in executing this Agreement, Team Member agrees
             that Team Member has not relied on any representation or statement
             not set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION 4. MISCELLANEOUS.

             This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with
             the laws of the State of Florida. Each of the parties submits to
             the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Palm
             Beach County, Florida, in any action or proceeding arising out of
             or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect
             of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined by any such
             court. In addition, the parties agree to waive any rights to a jury
             trial should any dispute arise under this Agreement or related in
             any way to Team Member's employment with Company. This Agreement
             represents the sole and entire agreement between the parties and
             supersedes any and all prior agreements, negotiations, and
             discussions between the parties or their respective counsel with
             respect to the subject matters covered herein. If either party
             initiates proceedings for the other's breach of this Agreement, the
             prevailing party shall recover attorneys' fees and costs, including
             such fees and costs on any enforcement or appeal proceedings. If
             one or more paragraphs of this Agreement are ruled invalid or
             unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect
             any other provision of the Agreement, which shall remain in full
             force and effect. This Agreement may be modified only in writing
             signed by both parties. This Agreement may be executed in two
             counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all
             of which together shall constitute one and the same document.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Team Member and Company have agreed upon and executed this
Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

TEAM MEMBER:                                DALEEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.:

   /s/ Steve Kim                            By:      /s/ James Daleen
------------------------------------           ---------------------------------
Signature of Team Member
                                            Title: President and Chief Executive
                                                   Officer

Date:  May 14, 2002                         Date:  May 14, 2002


                                       3



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
