<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>b45433siexv10w34.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.34



                                 SCANSOFT, INC.

                          2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK PLAN
                  AS AMENDED BY THE BOARD ON FEBRUARY 17, 2003




      1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Plan
are:

            -     to attract and retain the best available personnel for
                  positions of substantial responsibility,

            -     to provide additional incentive to Employees and Consultants,
                  and

            -     to promote the success of the Company's business.

      Options granted under the Plan will be Nonstatutory Stock Options.

      2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

            (a) "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees as
shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (b) "Applicable Laws" means the requirements relating to the
administration of stock option plans under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation
system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of
any foreign country or jurisdiction where Options are, or will be, granted under
the Plan.

            (c) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (d) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

            (e) "Committee" means a committee of Directors appointed by the
Board in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (f) "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

            (g) "Company" means ScanSoft, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

            (h) "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, engaged by
the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to render services to such
entity.

            (i) "Director" means a member of the Board.

            (j) "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.
<PAGE>
            (k) "Employee" means any person employed by the Company or any
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A Service Provider shall not cease to be an
Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii)
transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent,
any Subsidiary, or any successor. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a
director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute "employment" by
the Company.

            (l) "Exercise Price" means the price at which a Share may be
purchased by an Optionee pursuant to the exercise of an Option.

            (m) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
Stock determined as follows:

            (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange
      or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
      National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market,
      its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or
      the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or
      system for the market trading day on the date of determination, as
      reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the
      Administrator deems reliable;

            (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized
      securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market
      Value shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the
      Common Stock on the market trading day on the date of determination, as
      reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the
      Administrator deems reliable; or

            (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock,
      the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
      Administrator.

            (n) "Notice of Grant" means a written or electronic notice
evidencing certain terms and conditions of an individual Option grant. The
Notice of Grant is part of the Option Agreement.

            (o) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means a stock option to purchase
Shares that is not intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

            (p) "Option" means a Nonstatutory Stock Option granted pursuant to
the Plan.

            (q) "Option Agreement" means an agreement between the Company and an
Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option grant. The
Option Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

            (r) "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option.

            (s) "Optionee" means the holder of an outstanding Option granted
under the Plan.

                                       2
<PAGE>
            (t) "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

            (u) "Plan" means this 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Plan.

            (v) "Service Provider" means an Employee, Consultant or Director.

            (w) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.

            (x) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

      3. Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of
the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be optioned and sold
under the Plan is 7,650,000 Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued
or reacquired Common Stock.

                  (i) If an Option expires or becomes unexercisable without
having been exercised in full, the unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto
shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan
has terminated).

      4. Administration of the Plan.

            (a) Administration. The Plan shall be administered by (i) the Board
or (ii) a Committee, which committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable
Laws.

            (b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated
by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in
its discretion:

                  (i) to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock;

                  (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Options may be
granted hereunder;

                  (iii) to determine whether and to what extent Options are
granted hereunder;

                  (iv) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each
Option granted hereunder;

                  (v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;

                  (vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, of any Option granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the Exercise Price of any Option,
the time or times when Options may be exercised (which may be based on
performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture
restrictions, and

                                       3
<PAGE>
any restriction or limitation regarding any Option or the Shares relating
thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, shall determine;

                  (vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and
Options granted pursuant to the Plan;

                  (viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws;

                  (ix) to modify or amend each Option (subject to Section 14(b)
of the Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the
post-termination exercisability period of Options longer than is otherwise
provided for in the Plan;

                  (x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the
Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Option previously
granted by the Administrator;

                  (xi) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to
Options;

                  (xii) to allow Optionees to satisfy withholding tax
obligations by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be
issued upon exercise of an Option that number of Shares having a Fair Market
Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the
Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to
be withheld is to be determined. All elections by an Optionee to have Shares
withheld for this purpose shall be made in such form and under such conditions
as the Administrator may deem necessary or advisable; and

                  (xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan.

            (c) Effect of Administrator's Decision. The Administrator's
decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all
Optionees and any other holders of Options.

      5. Eligibility. Options may be granted to Service Providers except
Directors who are not Employees.

      6. Limitations.

            (a) Neither the Plan nor any Option shall confer upon an Optionee
any right with respect to continuing the Optionee's relationship as a Service
Provider with the Company, nor shall they interfere in any way with the
Optionee's right or the Company's right to terminate such relationship at any
time, with or without cause.

            (b) The exercise price of any Option outstanding or to be granted in
the future under the plan shall not be reduced or cancelled and re-granted at a
lower exercise price (including pursuant to any "6 month and 1 day" cancellation
and re-grant scheme), regardless of whether or not

                                       4
<PAGE>
the cancelled Options are put back into the available pool for grant; replace
underwater options with restricted stock in an exchange, buy-back or other
scheme; or replace any options with new options having a lower exercise price or
accelerated vesting schedule in an exchange, buy-back or other scheme.

      7. Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the
Board. It shall continue in effect for ten (10) years, unless sooner terminated
under Section 14 of the Plan.

      8. Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be stated in the Option
Agreement.

      9. Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

            (a) Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of the Shares to be issued
pursuant to the exercise of an Option may not be less than 100% of the Fair
Market value per Share on the date of grant.

            (b) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is
granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and shall determine any conditions which must be satisfied before the
Option may be exercised.

            (c) Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of:

                  (i) cash;

                  (ii) check;

                  (iii) promissory note;

                  (iv) other Shares which (A) in the case of Shares acquired
upon exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six
(6) months on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market Value on the
date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares as to
which said Option shall be exercised;

                  (v) consideration received by the Company under a cashless
exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan;

                  (vi) a reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the
Optionee, including any liability attributable to the Optionee's participation
in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program or arrangement;

                  (vii) such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or

                  (viii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

                                       5
<PAGE>
      10. Exercise of Option.

            (a) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder. Any Option
granted hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Option Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of
a Share.

                  (1) An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company
receives: (i) written or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with the
terms of the Option Agreement) from the person entitled to exercise the Option,
and (ii) full payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares with respect
to which the Option is exercised (and the amount of any income or employment tax
the Company is required by law to withhold by reason of such exercise). Full
payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the
Administrator and permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued
upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if
requested by the Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse.
Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right
to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist
with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option.
The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the
Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as
provided in Section 12 of the Plan.

                  (2) Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the
number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for
sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is
exercised.

            (b) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If an
Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Optionee's death
or Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option, but only within such
period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement, and only to the extent
that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than
the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement).
In the absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall
remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Optionee's termination.
If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her
entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall
revert to the Plan. To the extent that the Optionee does not exercise his or her
Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the
Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

            (c) Disability of Optionee. If an Optionee ceases to be a Service
Provider as a result of the Optionee's Disability, the Optionee may exercise his
or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Option
Agreement, to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in
no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in
the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Option
Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following
the Optionee's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not
vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested
portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan. To the extent that the Optionee
does not

                                       6
<PAGE>
exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

            (d) Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies while a Service Provider,
the Option may be exercised within such period of time as is specified in the
Option Agreement (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), by the Optionee's estate or by a
person who acquires the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance,
but only to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death. In the
absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall remain
exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Optionee's termination. If, at
the time of death, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire Option,
the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately
revert to the Plan. To the extent that the Optionee's estate or a person who
acquires the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance does not
exercise the Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

            (e) Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at any time offer to
buy out for a payment in cash or Shares, an Option previously granted based on
such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate
to the Optionee at the time that such offer is made.

      11. Non-Transferability of Options. Unless determined otherwise by the
Administrator, an Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of
descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the
Optionee, only by the Optionee. If the Administrator makes an Option
transferable, such Option shall contain such additional terms and conditions as
the Administrator deems appropriate.

      12. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or
Asset Sale.

            (a) Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by the
shareholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by each outstanding
Option, and the number of Shares which have been authorized for issuance under
the Plan but as to which no Options have yet been granted or which have been
returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Option, as well as
the Exercise Price of each such outstanding Option, shall be proportionately
adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting
from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or
reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the
number of issued Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the
Company; provided, however, that a conversion of any convertible securities of
the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of
consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination
in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly
provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or
securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no
adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or
Exercise Price of Shares subject to an Option.

            (b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each
Optionee as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed
transaction. The Administrator, in its discretion, may provide for an Optionee
to have the right to exercise his or her Option until ten (10) days prior to
such transaction

                                       7
<PAGE>
as to all of the Optioned Stock covered thereby, including Shares as to which
the Option would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator
may provide that any Company repurchase option applicable to any Shares
purchased upon exercise of an Option shall lapse as to all such Shares, provided
the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the
manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an
Option will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
action.

            (c) Merger or Asset Sale. In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets
of the Company, each outstanding Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option
or right substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of
the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses
to assume or substitute for the Option, the Optionee shall fully vest in and
have the right to exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock, including
Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option
becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in
the event of a merger or sale of assets, the Administrator shall notify the
Optionee in writing or electronically that the Option shall be fully vested and
exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and
the Option shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. For the purposes
of this paragraph, the Option shall be considered assumed if, following the
merger or sale of assets, the Option confers the right to purchase or receive,
for each Share of Optioned Stock, immediately prior to the merger or sale of
assets, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property)
received in the merger or sale of assets by holders of Common Stock for each
Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered
a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a
majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such
consideration received in the merger or sale of assets is not solely common
stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with
the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be
received upon the exercise of the Option, for each Share of Optioned Stock to be
solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair
market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock
in the merger or sale of assets.

      13. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option shall be, for all
purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Option, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator.
Notice of the determination shall be provided to each Optionee within a
reasonable time after the date of such grant.

      14. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

            (a) Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend,
alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

            (b) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration,
suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Optionee,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the Administrator,
which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company.
Termination of the Plan shall not affect the Administrator's ability to exercise
the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Options granted under the
Plan prior to the date of such termination.

                                       8
<PAGE>
      15. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

            (a) Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the
exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and
delivery of such Shares shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall be further
subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such
compliance.

            (b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an
Option the Company may require the person exercising such Option to represent
and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased
only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such
Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is
required.

      16. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is
deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale
of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect
of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority
shall not have been obtained.

      17. Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will
at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.


                                       9






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
