<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>y84475exv10w14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT: HOLCOMBE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                              [GLOBIX LETTERHEAD]

                                                                   July 15, 2002

Mr. H. Jameson Holcombe
3513 Broad Run Drive
Fairfax, VA  22033

Dear Jamie,

Welcome to Globix Corporation! This will confirm our offer for the full-time
exempt position of Vice President, Operations reporting directly to the Chief
Technology Officer. As is Globix's normal practice, all offers are contingent
upon satisfactory completion of reference and background checks. Your start date
will be on July 17, 2002.

The following encompasses our offer to you:

      -     Your base salary will be $6,875.00 payable semi-monthly,
            ($165,000.00 annualized) which salary may be increased no less
            frequently than annually as determined in accordance with company
            policy.

      -     You will earn three weeks vacation per year in accordance with
            Globix's vacation accrual policy.

      -     You will be reimbursed for all reasonable travel and living expenses
            outside of your base salary. You will need to complete a travel and
            expense report on a weekly basis attaching all documentation and
            receipts.

      -     It is agreed that you will be working in the Centre Street office
            Monday through Thursday and Friday from home in Fairfax, Virginia.
            This is contingent upon there being no business requirement for you
            to be in New York or any other Globix location on a given Friday.
            Should business needs dictate, you should be prepared to be at a
            designated location.

      -     Upon commencement of employment, you will be eligible to receive
            stock option grants at an exercise price and with vesting and other
            provisions as determined by the Board of Directors in connection
            with the adoption of the Company's Management Stock Option Plan.

      -     You will receive a bonus of 30% of your base annual salary
            contingent upon attainment of Company revenue and key objectives set
            forth and agreed to by and with the Chief Technology Officer.

Effective the first day of the month following your date of hire with Globix,
you will be eligible for Globix Corporation's benefits package including
medical, dental, hospitalization, life



                                       1
<PAGE>
insurance, long term and short term disability insurance (std is not applicable
in California. This benefit is provided through the State). You will be eligible
to join the 401(k) plan as defined by the terms of the trust fund document in
effect. Your benefits will be discussed in detail during an orientation your
first week of employment. Please bring with you a Certificate of Group Health
Plan Coverage from any and all former employers. On your first day, please bring
with you proof of citizenship. We will need a copy of your driver's license and
social security card. If you do not have either of these, a copy of your birth
certificate or passport will be sufficient.

Globix Corporation makes this offer of employment in part based upon your
representation to Globix that you are not restrained, encumbered or limited in
any way in the performance of duties under this offer of employment by any
contract, covenant or other document or agreement in any form whatsoever which
might (i) limit or prevent your employment; (ii) restrict your activities by
virtue of a "non-competition clause" or other similar provision; (iii) purport
to retain ownership over inventions, discoveries, designs and the like which you
may produce or engage in during any period of employment by Globix; or (iv) in
any other manner affect Globix's interests in the work product to be performed
by you.

This is not an employment contract. It does not guarantee employment with or
benefits from Globix Corporation or its subsidiaries. Globix reserves the right
to terminate your employment at any time.

On behalf of everyone at Globix, I want to welcome you to our Company. Please
sign and return this letter to my attention at the address set forth below. I am
certain that you will be an asset to our team and we look forward to working
with you. Please contact me in regard to any questions you may have regarding
this offer. I can be reached at: (212) 625-7425.

                                           Sincerely,

                                           /S/ PETER K. STEVENSON

                                           Peter K. Stevenson
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

Agreed By: /S/ H. JAMESON HOLCOMBE
           ----------------------------

Date: Mon. 15 July 2002
      ---------------------------------

                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
