<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>form8-k_ex103.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH. 10.3
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.3

                                OPTION AGREEMENT


     THIS OPTION AGREEMENT (this  "Agreement"),  dated as of February 6, 2003 is
made and entered into by and between LUMENIS LTD.  (formerly ESC MEDICAL SYSTEMS
LTD.) a company  incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel ("LUMENIS"),
and BANK HAPOALIM B.M., an Israeli banking corporation (the "Bank").


                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS, LUMENIS has requested, and may request from time to time after the
date hereof,  the Bank to make loans and other  extensions  of credit to LUMENIS
and/or to one or more subsidiaries of LUMENIS (collectively, the "Loans"); and

     WHEREAS,  LUMENIS has agreed to execute and deliver  this  Agreement to the
Bank;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  for valuable  consideration,  the receipt and adequacy of
which are hereby acknowledged, LUMENIS and the Bank hereby agree as follows:


     1. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

     "Closing  Price"  means,  as of any day, the last traded price  regular way
reported on the NASDAQ  National  Market  System for a share of LUMENIS Stock on
such day.

     "LUMENIS'  Stock" means the ordinary  shares,  par value NIS 0.1 per share,
issued by LUMENIS.

     "Governmental  Authority"  shall  mean  any  court,  tribunal,  arbitrator,
authority,  agency, commission,  official or other instrumentality of the United
States,  any foreign country or any domestic or foreign state,  county,  city or
other political subdivision.

     "Lien" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any mortgage,  lien, pledge,
hypothecation,  charge, security interest or other encumbrance,  or any interest
or title of any  vendor,  lessor,  lender or other  secured  party to or of such
Person  under any  conditional  sale or other  title  retention  agreement  or a
capital  lease,  upon or with  respect to any  property  or asset of such Person
(including  without  limitation  in the case of  shares  of  stock,  shareholder
agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements).

     "Person"  shall  mean  any  individual  or  general  partnership,   limited
partnership,  limited  liability  company,  corporation,  joint venture,  trust,
estate, business trust, co-operative,  association, unincorporated organization,
Governmental  Authority or other  entity,  and where the context so admits,  the
legal  representatives,  successors  in interest and  permitted  assigns of such
Person.

     "Public  Offering"  means any  public  offering  pursuant  to an  effective
registration  statement  under the  United  States  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended,  or any other  securities law of any other  jurisdiction,  covering the
offering and sale of shares of LUMENIS  Stock for the account of LUMENIS  (other
than a registration  statement  effected solely to implement an employee benefit
plan,  a  transaction  in which Rule 145 of the  United  States  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission is applicable or any other form or type of  registration in
which LUMENIS Stock cannot be included  pursuant to United States Securities and
Exchange Commission rules and practice).


     2. Grant of Option.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein,  LUMENIS  hereby grants to the Bank or to any of its  subsidiaries  (the
Bank or any such subsidiary,  the "Optionee"),  the irrevocable right and option
(the  "Option") to purchase  from LUMENIS up to 275,000  shares of LUMENIS Stock
(the  "Option  Shares"),  at a price per share equal to the  Purchase  Price (as
defined  below).  The  decision to elect to exercise  the Option shall be in the
sole  discretion  of the  Optionee,  and the  Optionee  shall incur no liability
whatsoever to any Person for any failure to exercise the Option.


     3. Purchase Price. The purchase price (the "Purchase Price") for the Option
Shares  shall be the  closing  or last sale  price,  respectively,  reported  on
February 5, 2003 which is $1.17 per Option  Share,  subject as set forth herein.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  if LUMENIS  undergoes a Public  Offering at any
time during the Exercise Period (as defined  below),  the Purchase Price for the
Option Shares exercised and acquired in such Public Offering shall be at a price
per Option  Share  equal to the lower of (i)  eighty-five  percent  (85%) of the
price per share  paid by the  purchasers  of the  LUMENIS  Stock in such  Public
Offering, or (ii) the Closing Price, reported on February 5, 2003 which is $1.17
(subject to adjustment).


     4. Exercise  Period.  Subject to Paragraph 7, this Option may be exercised,
in part or in whole,  during the period beginning on the date of this Option and
ending on the fifth  anniversary  of the date  hereof (the  "Exercise  Period").
Without  derogating from Paragraph 7 below,  at the end of the Exercise  Period,
the Option shall expire with respect to any Option Shares not then exercised and
acquired.


     5. Adjustment of Purchase Price and Number of Option Shares. The number and
kind of securities  purchasable  initially  upon the exercise of this Option and
the  Purchase  Price shall be subject to  adjustment  from time to time upon the
occurrence of certain events, as follows:


          (a)  Adjustment for Share Splits and  Combinations.  If LUMENIS at any
     time or from time to time effects a subdivision of the  outstanding  shares
     of  LUMENIS  Stock,  the number of shares of LUMENIS  Stock  issuable  upon
     exercise  of this  Option  immediately  before  the  subdivision  shall  be
     proportionately  increased, and conversely,  if LUMENIS at any time or from
     time to time combines the outstanding  shares of LUMENIS Stock,  the number
     of  shares  of  LUMENIS  Stock   issuable  upon  exercise  of  this  Option
     immediately before the combination shall be proportionately  decreased. Any
     adjustment under this Paragraph 5(a) shall become effective at the close of
     business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.


          (b) Adjustment for Certain Dividends and  Distributions.  In the event
     LUMENIS at any time,  or from time to time makes or fixes a record date for
     the determination of holders of shares of LUMENIS Stock entitled to receive
     a dividend or other  distribution  payable in additional  shares of LUMENIS
     Stock,  then and in each such event the  number of shares of LUMENIS  Stock
     issuable  upon exercise of this Option shall be increased as of the time of
     such issuance or, in the event such a record date is fixed, as of the close
     of business on such record  date,  by  multiplying  the number of shares of
     LUMENIS Stock issuable upon exercise of this Option by a fraction:  (i) the
     numerator  of which  shall be the total  number of shares of LUMENIS  Stock
     issued and  outstanding  immediately  prior to the time of such issuance or
     the close of  business  on such  record  date plus the  number of shares of
     LUMENIS  Stock  issuable in payment of such dividend or  distribution,  and
     (ii) the  denominator  of which is the total  number  of shares of  LUMENIS
     Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
     or the close of business on such record date;  provided,  however,  that if
     such  record  date is fixed and such  dividend is not fully paid or if such
     distribution  is not fully  made on the date fixed  thereof,  the number of
     shares of LUMENIS  Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of this Option  shall be
     recomputed  accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and
     thereafter  the number of shares of LUMENIS Stock issuable upon exercise of
     this Option  shall be adjusted  pursuant to this  Paragraph  5(b) as of the
     time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions.


          (c) Adjustments for Other  Dividends and  Distributions.  In the event
     LUMENIS at any time or from time to time  makes or fixes a record  date for
     the determination of holders of shares of LUMENIS Stock entitled to receive
     a dividend or other  distribution  payable in  securities  of LUMENIS other
     than shares of LUMENIS Stock,  then in each such event  provision  shall be
     made so that the Optionee  shall receive upon  exercise of this Option,  in
     addition to the number of shares of LUMENIS Stock receivable thereupon, the
     amount of securities  of LUMENIS that the Optionee  would have received had
     this Option been exercised for shares of LUMENIS Stock immediately prior to
     such  event  (or the  record  date for  such  event)  and had the  Optionee
     thereafter,  during the period from the date of such event to and including
     the  date  of  exercise,  retained  such  securities  receivable  by  it as
     aforesaid during such period,  subject to all other adjustments  called for
     during  such  period  under  this  Paragraph  5 and  LUMENIS'  Articles  of
     Association with respect to the rights of the Optionee.


          (d) Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange and Substitution. If the
     shares of LUMENIS  Stock  issuable  upon the  exercise  of this  Option are
     changed  into the same or a  different  number  of  shares  of any class or
     classes  of  shares,  whether  by  recapitalization,   reclassification  or
     otherwise  (other than a  subdivision  or  combination  of shares or shares
     dividend  or a  reorganization,  merger,  consolidation  or sale of assets,
     provided for elsewhere in this  Paragraph),  then and in any such event the
     Optionee  shall have the right  thereafter to exercise this Option into the
     kind and  amount  of  shares  and  other  securities  receivable  upon such
     recapitalization,  reclassification  or other  change,  by  holders  of the
     number of shares of  LUMENIS  Stock for which this  Option  might have been
     exercised immediately prior to such  recapitalization,  reclassification or
     change,  all subject to further  adjustment  as  provided  herein and under
     LUMENIS' Articles of Association.


          (e) Reorganization,  Mergers, Consolidations or Sales of Assets. If at
     any time from time to time there is a capital  reorganization of the shares
     of LUMENIS Stock (other than a recapitalization,  subdivision, combination,
     reclassification  or  exchange of shares  provided  for  elsewhere  in this
     Paragraph)  or a merger or  consolidation  of LUMENIS  with or into another
     corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of LUMENIS' properties
     and assets to any other  Person,  then,  as a part of such  reorganization,
     merger, consolidation or sale, provision shall be made so that the Optionee
     shall  thereafter be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Option,  the
     number of shares or other  securities  or property  of  LUMENIS,  or of the
     successor  corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation or sale,
     to which a holder of shares of LUMENIS Stock  deliverable  upon  conversion
     would  have  been   entitled  on  such  capital   reorganization,   merger,
     consolidation  or sale.  In any such case (except to the extent any cash or
     property is received in such transaction),  appropriate adjustment shall be
     made in the application of the provisions of this subparagraph and LUMENIS'
     Articles of  Association  with respect to the rights of the Optionee  after
     the  reorganization,  merger,  consolidation  or sale to the end  that  the
     provisions  of this  subparagraph  and  LUMENIS'  Articles  of  Association
     (including  adjustment  of the number of shares of LUMENIS  Stock  issuable
     upon exercise of this Option)  shall be applicable  after that event and be
     as nearly equivalent to the provisions hereof as may be practicable.


          (f) Other  Transactions.  In the event that LUMENIS shall issue shares
     to its shareholders as a result of a split-off,  spin-off or the like, then
     LUMENIS  shall  complete such issuance or other action if, as part thereof,
     allowance is made to protect the economic  interest of the Optionee  either
     by   increasing   the   number  of  Option   Shares   and/or  by   reducing
     proportionately the Purchase Price of the Option Shares and/or by procuring
     that the Optionee shall be entitled,  on economically  proportionate terms,
     to acquire additional shares of the spun-off or split-off entities.


          (g) Notice of Capital Changes.  If at any time LUMENIS shall offer for
     subscription  pro rata to the  holders  of  shares  of  LUMENIS  Stock  any
     additional shares of any class,  other rights or any equity security of any
     kind, or there shall be any capital  reorganization or  reclassification of
     the  capital  shares of  LUMENIS  Stock or the  consolidation  or merger of
     LUMENIS with, or sale of all or substantially  all of its assets to another
     company  or  there  shall  be  a  voluntary  or  involuntary   dissolution,
     liquidation  or winding up of LUMENIS,  or other  transaction  described in
     this  Paragraph 5, then,  in any one or more of said cases,  LUMENIS  shall
     give the Optionee,  by registered or certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,  a
     written notice  containing a brief  description of the proposed  action and
     stating  the date on which (i) a record is to be taken for the  purpose  of
     such   subscription   or  other  rights,   or  (ii)  such   reorganization,
     reclassification,  consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or
     winding up is to take place,  as the case may be.  Such  notice  shall also
     specify  the date as of which the  holders  of record of shares of  LUMENIS
     Stock shall participate in such  subscription  rights, or shall be entitled
     to exchange  their shares of LUMENIS Stock for securities or other property
     deliverable  upon  such  reorganization,  reclassification,  consolidation,
     merger, sale,  dissolution,  liquidation or winding up, as the case may be.
     Such written notice shall be given at least fourteen (14) days prior to the
     action in  question,  and not less  than  fourteen  (14) days  prior to the
     record date in respect thereto.


          (h) Adjustment of Purchase  Price.  Upon each adjustment in the number
     of shares of LUMENIS Stock  purchasable  hereunder,  the purchase price per
     share shall be proportionately  increased or decreased, as the case may be,
     in a manner that is the inverse of the manner in which the number of shares
     of LUMENIS Stock purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted. In the event that
     LUMENIS shall hereafter issue any additional shares of LUMENIS Stock or any
     securities  convertible  into or  exchangeable  for  LUMENIS  Stock  or any
     warrants,  options or other  rights to acquire  shares of LUMENIS  Stock or
     such convertible  securities,  pursuant to Paragraph 5(c) hereof,  then the
     Purchase Price for the Option Shares  purchasable  hereunder  shall, at the
     sole option of the Optionee and in lieu of any adjustment  pursuant to such
     Paragraph,  be reduced by an amount  equal to the Fair Market Value of such
     stock,  securities,  warrants,  options  or  rights  as of the date of such
     initial issuance thereof, without giving effect to any withholding or other
     taxes,  charges,  imposts  or  duties.  In the  event  that  LUMENIS  shall
     hereafter pays any dividend or makes any distribution payable in additional
     shares of  LUMENIS  Stock  pursuant  to  Paragraph  5(b)  hereof,  then the
     Purchase Price for the Option Shares  purchasable  hereunder  shall, at the
     sole option of the Optionee and in lieu of any  adjustment in the number of
     Option Shares purchasable hereunder pursuant to such Paragraph,  be reduced
     by an  amount  equal to the  amount  of all such  payments  and  dividends,
     without giving effect to any withholding or other taxes,  charges,  imposts
     or duties.


          (i) Notice of  Adjustments.  Whenever the Purchase Price or the number
     of shares of LUMENIS Stock purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted pursuant
     to Paragraph 5 hereof,  LUMENIS shall  prepare a certificate  signed by the
     chief financial officer of LUMENIS setting forth, in reasonable detail, the
     event requiring the adjustment, the amount of the adjustment, the method by
     which such adjustment was calculated, and the Purchase Price and the number
     of shares of LUMENIS  Stock  purchasable  hereunder  after giving effect to
     such  adjustment,  and shall cause copies of such  certificate to be mailed
     (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Optionee.


          (j) Adjustment  Proportionate;  Rounding Upward.  Any adjustment under
     this Paragraph 5 in the number of Option Shares shall apply proportionately
     to only the  unexercised  portion of the Option.  If  fractions  of a share
     would result from any such  adjustment,  the  aggregate  shares  adjustment
     shall be revised to the next higher whole number of shares.


     6. Method of Exercising Option and Payment of Purchase Price.

     The Option may be exercised, in whole or in part on any number of occasions
during the  Exercise  Period,  by the delivery by the Optionee to LUMENIS at its
principal  office (or such other office or agency of Lumenis as it may designate
by notice in writing to the Holder at the  address of such holder  appearing  on
the books of Lumenis) of the attached  Notice of Exercise,  either by mail, fax,
e-mail, or personal  delivery,  all in accordance with the provisions of Section
16 below,  duly  signed by a  certified  signatory  of  Optionee.  The Notice of
Exercise must be accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate  Purchase Price
for the Option  Shares  being  purchased  upon such  exercise.  Payment for such
Option  Shares  shall be made in U.S.  dollars by check  payable to the order of
LUMENIS or by wire transfer to an account  designated  by LUMENIS.  Payment made
after 14:00 a.m.,  Israel time, shall be deemed made on the subsequent  Business
Day.  With  respect to each such  exercise  of this  Option,  simultaneous  with
Optionee's  payment  of the  Purchase  Price for the  number  of  Option  Shares
indicated in the related Notice of Exercise,  LUMENIS shall issue and deliver to
Optionee a certificate or certificates  evidencing such Option Shares registered
in the name of Optionee or its designee.  Upon receipt by LUMENIS of this Option
at its office in proper form for  exercise,  Optionee  shall be deemed to be the
holder of record of the Option Shares  transferable upon such exercise.  If this
Option  should be exercised in part only,  LUMENIS shall  concurrently  with the
delivery of the certificates for purchased Option Shares, execute and deliver to
the  Optionee a new Option,  on the same terms and  conditions  as this  Option,
evidencing  the rights of the  Optionee  thereof to purchase  the balance of the
Option Shares. Furthermore,  Lumenis undertakes to cooperate with Holder in good
faith to effect any  exercise  of the Option and any  permitted  Transfer of the
Option and/or the Option Shares.

     7. Cashless Exercise.

     The Holder may elect to  receive,  without the payment by the Holder of any
additional  consideration,  shares  equal  to the  value of this  Option  or any
portion hereof by the surrender of this Option or such portion to LUMENIS,  with
the net issue election  notice  annexed  hereto duly executed,  at the office of
LUMENIS. Thereupon,  LUMENIS shall issue to the Holder such number of fully paid
Option Shares as is computed using the following formula:

                                   X = Y (A-B)
                                   -----------
                                        A

 where         X    = the  number  of Option  Shares to be issued to the  Holder
                    pursuant to this Section 7.

               Y    = the  number of Option  Shares  covered  by this  Option in
                    respect of which the net issue  election is made pursuant to
                    this Section 7,

               A    = the fair market value of one Option Share.

               The "Fair market value" of an ordinary share shall mean:

               I).  If  LUMENIS'  ordinary  shares  are  listed  on  a  national
                    securities exchange or quoted on the National Association of
                    Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation/National Market
                    System  (NASDAQ/NMS),  then the  closing or last sale price,
                    respectively, reported for the Exercise Date.

               II). If  LUMENIS'  ordinary  shares  are not listed on a national
                    securities  exchange or quoted on  NASAQ/NMS,  but traded in
                    the over the  counter  market,  then the mean of the closing
                    bid and asked prices as reported for the exercise date.

               III).If LUMENIS'  ordinary shares are not publicly  traded,  then
                    as  determined by an appraiser the identity of whom would be
                    determined by the parties hereto.  The costs and fees of the
                    appraiser shall be borne solely by LUMENIS.

               IV). If the  exercise  date is the  date of  closing  of a public
                    offering  of  LUMENIS'   ordinary   shares  pursuant  to  an
                    effective  registration  statement  under the Securities Act
                    1933,  as amended,  then the public  offering  price (before
                    deduction  of  discounts,  commissions  or expenses) in such
                    offering..

               B    = the Purchase Price in effect under this Option at the time
                    the net issue election is made pursuant to this Section 7.

               For the removal of any doubt,  it is agreed that section 5 hereof
               shall apply also to cashless exercise.

     8. Investment Representation. Optionee, and each of its subsidiaries who is
issued Option Shares  pursuant to this  Agreement,  represent  that (i) it is an
"accredited  investor,"  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of  Regulation D
under the United States  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended,  or any successor
federal  statute  (the  "Securities  Act"),  and (ii) any and all Option  Shares
purchased  hereunder shall be acquired for investment only and without a view to
the  resale  or  distribution  thereof,  except  in  any  case  pursuant  to the
registration  of such  Option  or Option  Shares  under  the  Securities  Act or
pursuant to a valid exemption from such registration requirement.  If the Option
Shares are not so registered,  certificates for the Option Shares shall bear the
legend set forth in Paragraph 12 hereof.

     9. Exchange, Transfer, Assignment or Loss of Option.


          (a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Transfer", as to this Option, the
     Option Shares or any shares of LUMENIS  Stock,  means any  transfer,  sale,
     exchange,  assignment,  the  creation  of any  Lien,  option  or  right  to
     purchase,  and any other  disposition  of any kind,  whether  voluntary  or
     involuntary,  affecting  title  to,  possession  of or voting  rights  with
     respect thereto. Optionee and each of its subsidiaries who is issued Option
     Shares  pursuant  to this  Agreement  acknowledges  that the Option and the
     Option Shares issuable upon exercise thereof have not been registered under
     the Securities  Act, and agree that it will not Transfer any this Option or
     the Option Shares except upon the terms and  conditions  specified  herein,
     and that it will cause any transferee thereof to agree to take and hold the
     same subject to the terms and conditions  specified herein,  provided that,
     Optionee  or any  holder  of the  Option  Shares  may  sell  Option  Shares
     purchased upon exercise of this Option in one or more private  transactions
     not  requiring  registration  under  the  Securities  Act or in one or more
     public sales in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Prior to
     any Transfer of any Option  Shares  (other than a Transfer  among  Optionee
     and/or any of its affiliates), the holder thereof shall give written notice
     to LUMENIS of such  holder's  intention  to effect  such  Transfer  and the
     identity of the proposed  transferee.  Each holder wishing to effect such a
     Transfer of the Option Shares shall also furnish to LUMENIS an agreement by
     the  transferee  thereof  that it is taking and holding the same subject to
     the terms and conditions  specified herein and, unless the transferee is an
     affiliate of such holder,  a written opinion of such holder's  counsel,  in
     form reasonably  satisfactory  to LUMENIS,  to the effect that the proposed
     Transfer may be effected without registration under the Securities Act. The
     restrictions  set forth in Paragraphs 8, 9 and 12 shall terminate and cease
     to be effective with respect to any Option Shares that are registered under
     the  Securities  Act or upon  receipt by LUMENIS of an opinion of  counsel,
     reasonably satisfactory to LUMENIS, to the effect that compliance with such
     restrictions  is not necessary in order to comply with the  Securities  Act
     with respect to the Transfer of the Option Shares.


          (b)  Subject to the  restrictions  set forth  herein,  this  Option is
     exchangeable,  without  expense,  at  the  option  of  the  Optionee,  upon
     presentation  and surrender hereof to LUMENIS or at the office of its stock
     transfer  agent,  if any,  for other  options  of  different  denominations
     entitling  the holder  thereof to purchase in the aggregate the same number
     of Option Shares  purchasable  hereunder;  Upon surrender of this Option to
     LUMENIS  at its  principal  office or at the  office of its stock  transfer
     agent,  if any, with the  Assignment  Form annexed hereto duly executed and
     funds  sufficient to pay any transfer tax,  LUMENIS shall,  without charge,
     execute and deliver a new Option in the name of the assignee  named in such
     instrument of assignment  and this Option shall  promptly be canceled;  The
     term  "Option" as used herein  includes  any Options into which this Option
     may  be  divided  or  exchanged.   Upon  receipt  by  LUMENIS  of  evidence
     satisfactory  to it of the loss,  theft,  destruction or mutilation of this
     Option,  and (in the case of  loss,  theft or  destruction)  of  reasonably
     satisfactory  indemnification,  and upon surrender and cancellation of this
     Option, if mutilated, LUMENIS will execute and deliver a new Option of like
     tenor and date.

     10. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of LUMENIS.


          (a) LUMENIS hereby represents and warrants to Optionee that:


               (i) There has been reserved,  and LUMENIS shall at all times keep
          reserved  so  long  as  the  Option  remains  outstanding,  out of its
          authorized  LUMENIS  Stock,  such number of shares of LUMENIS Stock as
          shall be subject to purchase under the Option, and LUMENIS will supply
          every transfer agent for LUMENIS Stock and other securities of LUMENIS
          issuable  upon  exercise  of the Option with duly  executed  stock and
          other certificates, as appropriate, for such purpose;


               (ii) Upon  delivery  of, and  payment  for the  Option  Shares as
          contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  the  Optionee  will  acquire  duly
          authorized,  validly  issued,  fully  paid  and  nonassessable  Option
          Shares;

     11.  Legend.  Except as  provided  in  Paragraph  9(a)  hereof,  each stock
certificate  evidencing the Option Shares issued to the Optionee or to any other
Person in connection  with a transfer  pursuant to this Agreement  shall include
the following legend:


     "THE SHARES  REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
     THE UNITED  STATES  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED  (THE  "SECURITIES
     ACT"), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,  SOLD OR
     OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED,  ASSIGNED,  PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL
     REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT AND UNDER SUCH LAWS, OR
     UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION AND  QUALIFICATION IS AVAILABLE.  THE
     SALE,  PLEDGE,  HYPOTHECATION OR TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
     CERTIFICATE  IS SUBJECT  TO THE TERMS AND  CONDITIONS  OF A CERTAIN  OPTION
     AGREEMENT DATED February 6, 2003 TO WHICH THE ISSUER IS SUBJECT.  A COPY OF
     SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY OF THE
     ISSUER."

     12. Fractional Interest.  No fractional shares will be issued in connection
with any exercise hereunder, but in lieu of such fractional shares LUMENIS shall
round up the number of Option Shares to be issued.

     13. No Rights in Option Shares. Optionee shall have none of the rights of a
shareholder with respect to the Option Shares unless and until the Option Shares
are issued to it upon exercise of the Option.

     14. Registration  Rights. If LUMENIS effects a registration with respect to
the public resale by shareholders of any LUMENIS Stock under the Securities Act,
or any other relevant  securities laws of any other  jurisdiction,  the Optionee
shall have the right to have  included in such  registered  offering  the Option
Shares, on a pro rata basis with the other selling shareholders participating in
such registered  offering,  in proportion to the respective holdings of Optionee
and all such other selling shareholders.

     15. Expenses. LUMENIS shall pay Israeli Stamp Duty, if any, on the issue of
the Option Shares, and will notify the Israeli Companies Registrar of such issue
within the time period  required by law. The Stamp Duty on this Option,  if any,
will be paid in full by LUMENIS.

     16. Notices.  All notices,  requests and other  communications to any party
under this Option shall be in writing and shall be given to such party, by mail,
telecopy,  telex,  personal  delivery,  fax, e-mail, or other customary means of
delivery,  addressed  to it as set forth  below or such  other  address or telex
number as such party may in the future specify for such purpose by notice to the
other party. Each such notice,  request or communication shall be effective,  if
given by telex, fax or e-mail,  after the date of dispatch of such communication
is transmitted  to the respective  number  specified  below and the  appropriate
answerback is received,  if given by mail, two days after such  communication is
deposited in the United States mails and sent by certified or  registered  mail,
return  receipt  requested,  with first  class  postage  prepaid,  addressed  as
aforesaid  or if  given  by fax,  e-mail,  telecopy  personal  delivery,  on the
Business Day when received at the address specified below.  "Business Day" means
- a day on which banks are open for business in New York and in Israel.


                    Party                         Address

           If to LUMENIS:                LUMENIS Ltd.
                                         Yokneam Industrial Park,
                                         P.O.B. 240, Yokneam 20692
                                         Attention:  President
                                         Telephone:  04-9599000
                                         Telecopier:  04-9599070


           With a copy to:               Zellermayer, Pelossof & Co.
                                         Rubinstein House
                                         20 Lincoln Street
                                         Tel Aviv 67134
                                         Attention:  Revital Kerem, Advocate
                                         Telephone:  03-6255555
                                         Telecopier:  03-6255500


           If to the Optionee:           Bank Hapoalim B.M.
                                         63 Yehuda Halevy St
                                         Tel Aviv
                                         Attention:  Mr. Mr. Ya'akov Elinav
                                         Telephone:  03-5674791
                                         Telecopier:  03-5676008


           with a copy to:               Shaw Pittman
                                         335 Madison Ave., 26th floor
                                         New York, New York  10017-4605
                                         Attention:  John C. Simons, Esq.
                                         Telephone:  (212) 603-6848
                                         Telecopier:  (212) 603-6801

     Notice to any other Optionee shall be sent to the address  indicated on the
applicable Assignment Form.

     17. Governing Law/Submission to Jurisdiction.

          (a) This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by the laws of the  State of
     Israel.  For the  purposes of this  Agreement  LUMENIS  hereby  irrevocably
     submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Tel-Aviv -
     Jaffa, Israel.


          (b) LUMENIS agrees that any summons, notice or judgment or other legal
     process or  document  in  connection  with any  proceedings  referred to in
     sub-clause (a) hereof may be serviced upon by delivering same to LUMENIS at
     its address set forth in Paragraph 16 and a copy to Zellermayer, Pelossof &
     Co., Advocates, 20 Lincoln Street, Tel Aviv, Israel 67134.

     18. Miscellaneous.

               (i) This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated  orally.  This
          Agreement  contains the entire agreement  between the parties relating
          to the  subject  matter  hereof.  The  paragraph  headings  herein are
          intended for  reference  only and shall not affect the  interpretation
          hereof.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of  counterparts
          and by telecopier, each of which shall constitute an original, and all
          of which taken together shall  constitute one and the same  agreement.
          Except as  specifically  stated  herein as  constituting  an  explicit
          waiver or  modification  of any provision of a loan agreement or other
          document  evidencing  indebtedness owing from LUMENIS to the Optionee,
          nothing  contained herein shall constitute a waiver or modification by
          the Optionee of any of the  covenants,  representations  or agreements
          under such loan or other document.  The invalidity or unenforceability
          of any  provision of this  Agreement  shall not affect the validity or
          enforceability  of any other  provisions  of this  Agreement,  each of
          which shall remain in full force and effect.

     19. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.

     20. Availability of Public Information.  With a view to making available to
the  Optionee  and any  subsequent  holder of the Option  Shares the benefits of
certain  rules  and  regulations  of  the  United  States  Securities   Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") (including,  without limitation, Rules 144 and 144A under
the  Securities  Act),  which may permit  the sale of the  Option  Shares to the
public or certain other  institutions  without  registration,  LUMENIS agrees to
take any and all such actions as may be required of it to make  available to the
Optionee  and  such  subsequent  holders  such  benefits,   including,   without
limitation, to:


               (i) make and keep public  information  available,  as those terms
          are understood and defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any
          successor  provision  thereto  from and after the date  LUMENIS  first
          becomes subject to the provisions of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United
          States Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  or any successor
          federal statute (the "Exchange Act"); and


               (ii) file with the SEC in a timely  manner all  reports and other
          documents  required  of  LUMENIS  under  the  Securities  Act  and the
          Exchange Act from and after the date LUMENIS first becomes  subject to
          the provisions of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and


               (iii) so long as the  Optionee or any  affiliate  of the Optionee
          owns any Option or Option  Shares,  furnish to the Optionee  forthwith
          upon request a written  statement by LUMENIS as to compliance with the
          reporting requirements of Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto,
          and of the  Securities  Act and the  Exchange  Act, a copy of the most
          recent  annual or quarterly  report of LUMENIS  filed with the SEC, in
          each case from and after the date LUMENIS first becomes subject to the
          provisions  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and such other
          reports  and  documents  of  LUMENIS  and  other  information  in  the
          possession of or reasonably  obtainable by LUMENIS as the Optionee and
          its  affiliates  and  subsequent  holders  of the  Option  Shares  may
          reasonably request in availing itself of any rule or regulation of the
          SEC allowing the Optionee and its affiliates and subsequent holders of
          the Option Shares to sell any such securities without registration.




<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Option Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.


                                            BANK HAPOALIM B.M.



                                            By:  /s/ Rachel Arbel
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name:  Rachel Arbel
                                                 Title:


                                            By:  /s/ Liora Ben Ami
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name:  Liora Ben Ami
                                                 Title:





                                            LUMENIS LTD.


                                            By:  /s/ Kevin Morano
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name:  Kevin Morano
                                                 Title:  Chief Financial Officer


                                            By:  /s/ Sagi Genger
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Name:  Sagi Genger
                                                 Title:








<PAGE>



                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE





To:

1.   The undersigned hereby elects to purchase           Option Shares, pursuant
                                               ---------
     to the terms of the attached  Option,  and tenders  herewith payment of the
     purchase  price for such  shares in full / requests  Cashless  Exercise  of
             Option Shares.
     -------

2.   In exercising this Option, the undersigned hereby confirms and acknowledges
     that the Option  Shares are being  acquired  solely for the  account of the
     undersigned (and not as a nominee for any other party) for investment,  and
     that the undersigned will not offer,  sell or otherwise dispose of any such
     Option  Shares  except  under  circumstances  that  will  not  result  in a
     violation of the United States  Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  or any
     state securities laws.

3.   Please issue a certificate  representing  said Option Shares in the name of
     the undersigned and deliver such certificate to the undersigned.





----------------------                                 -------------------------
         (Date)                                               (Print Name)


                                                       -------------------------
                                                              (Signature)




<PAGE>



                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM


     FOR   VALUE    RECEIVED,                                      hereby sells,
                             -------------------------------------
assigns    and    transfers unto


Name
    ------------------------------------------------------------
          (Please typewrite or print in block letters)

Address
       ---------------------------------------------------------


and the above  transferee  hereby  acquires  and  assumes  the right to purchase
Option Shares  represented  by this Option to the extent of        Option Shares
                                                            ------
as to which  such right is  exercisable  and agrees to be bound by the terms and
conditions of the Option.


Date
     -----------------------------               -------------------------------
                                                 Transferor Signature



                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Transferee Signature



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
