<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.28
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a2106221zex-10_28.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.28
<TEXT>
<Page>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.28


                         AFFILIATED MANAGERS GROUP, INC.

                      2002 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN

SECTION 1.  GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS

     The name of the plan is the Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. 2002 Stock
Option and Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to encourage
and enable the officers, employees and Independent Directors of Affiliated
Managers Group, Inc. (the "Company") and its Subsidiaries upon whose judgment,
initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of
its business to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. It is anticipated
that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company's welfare will
assure a closer identification of their interests with those of the Company,
thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company's behalf and strengthening
their desire to remain with the Company.

     The following terms shall be defined as set forth below:

     "ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     "ADMINISTRATOR" is defined in Section 2(a).

     "AWARD" or "AWARDS," except where referring to a particular category of
grant under the Plan, shall include Stock Options, Deferred Stock Awards,
Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Performance Share Awards and
Dividend Equivalent Rights.

     "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     "CHANGE OF CONTROL" is defined in Section 15.

     "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any
successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations.

     "COMMITTEE" means the Committee of the Board referred to in Section 2.

     "DEFERRED STOCK AWARD" means Awards granted pursuant to Section 7.

     "DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHT" means Awards granted pursuant to Section 10.

     "FAIR MARKET VALUE" of the Stock on any given date means the fair market
value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Administrator; provided,
however, that (i) if the Stock is admitted to quotation on the National
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ"), the
Fair Market Value on any given date shall not be less than the average of the
highest bid and lowest asked prices of the Stock reported for such date or, if
no bid and asked prices were reported for such date, for the last day preceding
such date for which such prices were reported, or (ii) if the Stock is admitted
to trading on a national securities

<Page>

exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System, the Fair Market Value on any date
shall not be less than the closing price reported for the Stock on such exchange
or system for such date or, if no sales were reported for such date, for the
last date preceding the date for such a sale was reported. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Fair Market Value on the first day of the Company's initial
public offering of Stock shall be the initial public price as set forth in the
final prospectus for the Company's initial public offering.

     "INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR" means a member of the Board who is not also an
employee of the Company or any Subsidiary.

     "OPTION" or "STOCK OPTION" means any option to purchase shares of Stock
granted pursuant to Section 5.

     "PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD" means Awards granted pursuant to Section 9.

     "RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD" means Awards granted pursuant to Section 6.

     "STOCK" means the Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company,
subject to adjustments pursuant to Section 3.

     "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company)
in any unbroken chain of corporations or other entities beginning with the
Company if each of the corporations or entities (other than the last corporation
or entity in the unbroken chain) owns stock or other interests possessing 50
percent or more of the economic interest or the total combined voting power of
all classes of stock or other interests in one of the other corporations or
entities in the chain.

     "UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARD" means any Award granted pursuant to Section 8.

SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; ADMINISTRATOR AUTHORITY TO SELECT
           PARTICIPANTS AND DETERMINE AWARDS

     (a)  COMMITTEE. The Plan shall be administered by either the Board or a
committee of not less than two Independent Directors (in either case, the
"Administrator"). Each member of the Committee shall be a "non-employee
director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i) promulgated under the Act,
or any successor definition under said rule.

     (b)  POWERS OF ADMINISTRATOR. The Administrator shall have the power and
authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the
power and authority:

          (i)   to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time
                be granted;

          (ii)  to determine the time or times of grant, and the extent, if any,
of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Deferred Stock Awards, Unrestricted
Stock Awards, Performance Share Awards and Dividend Equivalent Rights, or any
combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more participants;

                                        2
<Page>

          (iii) to determine the number of shares of Stock to be covered by any
Award;

          (iv)  to determine and modify from time to time the terms and
conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan,
of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and
participants, and to approve the form of written instruments evidencing the
Awards;

          (v)   to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all
or any portion of any Award;

          (vi)  subject to the provisions of Section 5(a)(ii), to extend at any
time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised;

          (vii) to determine at any time whether, to what extent, and under what
circumstances distribution or the receipt of Stock and other amounts payable
with respect to an Award shall be deferred either automatically or at the
election of the participant and whether and to what extent the Company shall pay
or credit amounts constituting interest (at rates determined by the
Administrator) or dividends or deemed dividends on such deferrals; and

          (viii) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines
and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and
proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of
the Plan and any Award (including related written instruments); to make all
determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide
all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the
administration of the Plan.

     All decisions and interpretations of the Administrator shall be binding on
all persons, including the Company and Plan participants.

     (c)  DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO GRANT AWARDS. The Administrator, in its
discretion, may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company all or
part of the Administrator's authority and duties with respect to the granting of
Awards at Fair Market Value, to individuals who are not subject to the reporting
and other provisions of Section 16 of the Act. Any such delegation by the
Administrator shall include a limitation as to the amount of Awards that may be
granted during the period of the delegation and shall contain guidelines as to
the determination of the exercise price of any Option, the conversion ratio or
price of other Awards and the vesting criteria. The Administrator may revoke or
amend the terms of a delegation at any time but such action shall not invalidate
any prior actions of the Administrator's delegate or delegates that were
consistent with the terms of the Plan.

SECTION 3.  STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS; SUBSTITUTION

     (a)  STOCK ISSUABLE. The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved and
available for issuance under the Plan shall be 2,250,000. For purposes of this
limitation, the shares of Stock underlying any Awards which are forfeited,
cancelled, reacquired by the Company, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or
otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the shares
of Stock available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall

                                        3
<Page>

limitation, shares of Stock may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to
any type or types of Award. At least a majority of the shares of Stock or the
shares of Stock underlying the Options awarded under the Plan during any three
year period shall be awarded to employees of the Company who are not officers
(within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) under the Act) or directors of the Company.
The shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued
shares of Stock or shares of Stock reacquired by the Company and held in its
treasury.

     (b)  CHANGES IN STOCK. If, as a result of any reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock
split or other similar change in the Company's capital stock, the outstanding
shares of Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different
number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional
shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other
non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such shares of Stock or other
securities, the Administrator shall make an appropriate or proportionate
adjustment in (i) the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the
Plan, (ii) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to any then
outstanding Awards under the Plan, and (iii) the price for each share subject to
any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the
aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of
Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable. The adjustment
by the Administrator shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional
shares of Stock shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such
adjustment, but the Administrator in its discretion may make a cash payment in
lieu of fractional shares.

     The Administrator may also adjust the number of shares subject to
outstanding Awards and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding Awards to
take into consideration material changes in accounting practices or principles,
extraordinary dividends, acquisitions or dispositions of stock or property or
any other event if it is determined by the Administrator that such adjustment is
appropriate to avoid distortion in the operation of the Plan.

     (c)  MERGERS. In contemplation of and subject to the consummation of a
consolidation or merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company in which outstanding shares of Stock are exchanged for securities, cash
or other property of an unrelated corporation or business entity or in the event
of a liquidation of the Company (in each case, a "Transaction"), the Board, or
the board of directors of any corporation assuming the obligations of the
Company, may, in its discretion, take any one or more of the following actions,
as to outstanding Awards: (i) provide that such Awards shall be assumed or
equivalent awards shall be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof), and/or (ii) upon written notice to the
participants, provide that all Awards will terminate immediately prior to the
consummation of the Transaction. In the event that, pursuant to clause (ii)
above, Awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of the
Transaction, all vested Awards, other than Stock Options, shall be fully settled
in cash or in kind at such appropriate consideration as determined by the
Administrator in its sole discretion after taking into account the consideration
payable per share of Stock pursuant to the business combination (the "Merger
Price") and all vested Stock Options shall be fully settled, in cash or in kind,
in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the Merger Price times the
number of shares of Stock subject to such outstanding Stock

                                        4
<Page>

Options (to the extent then exercisable at prices not in excess of the Merger
Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding Stock
Options; provided, however, that each participant shall be permitted, within a
specified period determined by the Administrator prior to the consummation of
the Transaction, to exercise all outstanding Stock Options, including those that
are not then exercisable, subject to the consummation of the Transaction.

     (d)  SUBSTITUTE AWARDS. The Administrator may grant Awards under the Plan
in substitution for stock and stock based awards held by employees of another
corporation who become employees of the Company or a Subsidiary as the result of
a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation with the Company or a
Subsidiary or the acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of property or
stock of the employing corporation. The Administrator may direct that the
substitute awards be granted on such terms and conditions as the Administrator
considers appropriate in the circumstances.

SECTION 4.  ELIGIBILITY

     Participants in the Plan will be such full or part-time officers and other
employees, and Independent Directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries as are
selected from time to time by the Administrator in its sole discretion. At all
times at least a majority of the Company's full-time employees in the United
States who are "exempt employees" as defined under the Fair Labor Standards Act
of 1938 shall be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan.

SECTION 5.  STOCK OPTIONS

     Any Stock Option granted under the Plan shall be in such form as the
Administrator may from time to time approve. Stock Options granted under the
Plan shall not be "incentive stock options" as defined in Section 422 of the
Code.

     (a)  GRANT OF STOCK OPTIONS. The Administrator in its discretion may grant
Stock Options to officers, employees and Independent Directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary. Stock Options granted pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall be
subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional
terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the
Administrator shall deem desirable.

          (i)   EXERCISE PRICE. The exercise price per share for the Stock
covered by a Stock Option granted pursuant to this Section 5(a) shall be
determined by the Administrator at the time of grant but, except as provided in
the last sentence of this Section 5(a)(i), shall not be less than 85 percent of
the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. If the Administrator so determines,
Stock Options may be granted in lieu of cash compensation at the participant's
election, subject to such terms and conditions as the Administrator may
establish. Stock Options granted in lieu of cash compensation may have an
exercise price less than 85 percent of the Fair Market Value on the date of
grant.

          (ii)  OPTION TERM. The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the
Administrator, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than ten years
after the date the Stock Option is granted.

                                        5
<Page>

          (iii) EXERCISABILITY; RIGHTS OF A STOCKHOLDER. Stock Options shall
become exercisable at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as
shall be determined by the Administrator at or after the grant date; provided,
however, that Stock Options granted in lieu of compensation shall be exercisable
in full as of the grant date. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the
exercisability of all or any portion of any Stock Option. An optionee shall have
the rights of a stockholder only as to shares acquired upon the exercise of a
Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options.

          (iv)  METHOD OF EXERCISE. Stock Options may be exercised in whole or
in part, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the
number of shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by
one or more of the following methods to the extent provided in the Option Award
agreement:

                (A) In cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument
     acceptable to the Administrator;

                (B) Through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of
     shares of Stock that are not then subject to restrictions under any Company
     plan and that have been purchased by the optionee on the open market or
     have been beneficially owned by the optionee for at least six months, if
     permitted by the Administrator in its discretion. Such surrendered shares
     shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date;

                (C) By the optionee delivering to the Company a properly
     executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker
     to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable
     to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in the event the
     optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and
     the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements
     of indemnity and other agreements as the Administrator shall prescribe as a
     condition of such payment procedure; or

                (D) By the optionee delivering to the Company a promissory note
     if the Board, upon the advice of counsel, has expressly authorized the loan
     of funds to the optionee for the purpose of enabling or assisting the
     optionee to effect the exercise of his Stock Option; provided that at least
     so much of the exercise price as represents the par value of the Stock
     shall be paid other than with a promissory note.

     Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. The delivery of
     certificates representing the shares of Stock to be purchased pursuant to
     the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon receipt from the
     optionee (or a purchaser acting in his stead in accordance with the
     provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price
     for such shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in
     the Stock Option or applicable provisions of laws. In the event an optionee
     chooses to pay the purchase price by delivery of previously-owned shares of
     Stock through the attestation method, the number of shares of Stock
     transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be
     net of the number of shares attested to.

                                        6
<Page>

     (b)  RELOAD OPTIONS. At the discretion of the Administrator, Options
granted under the Plan may include a "reload" feature pursuant to which an
optionee exercising an option by the delivery of a number of shares of Stock in
accordance with Section 5(a)(iv)(B) hereof would automatically be granted an
additional Option (with an exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value of the
Stock on the date the additional Option is granted and with such other terms as
the Administrator may provide) to purchase that number of shares of Stock equal
to the number delivered to exercise the original Option with an Option term
equal to the remainder of the original Option term unless the Administrator
otherwise determines in the Award agreement for the original Option grant.

     (c)  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS. No Stock Option shall be transferable
by the optionee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee's
lifetime, only by the optionee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award agreement
regarding a given Option that the optionee may transfer, without consideration
for the transfer, his Stock Options to members of his immediate family, to
trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such
family members are the only partners, provided that the transferee agrees in
writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this
Plan and the applicable Option.

     (d)  TERMINATION. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator
either in the Award agreement, or subject to Section 13 below, in writing after
the Award agreement is issued, an optionee's rights in all Stock Options shall
automatically terminate upon the participant's termination of employment (or
cessation of business relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries for
any reason.

SECTION 6.  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

     (a)  NATURE OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS. A Restricted Stock Award is an
Award entitling the recipient to acquire, at par value or such other higher
purchase price determined by the Administrator, shares of Stock subject to such
restrictions and conditions as the Administrator may determine at the time of
grant ("Restricted Stock"). Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or
other business relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established performance
goals and objectives, including, but not limited to, increase in cash net income
or increase in stock price. The grant of a Restricted Stock Award is contingent
on the participant executing the Restricted Stock Award agreement. The terms and
conditions of each such agreement shall be determined by the Administrator, and
such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and participants.

     (b)  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER. Upon execution of a written instrument
setting forth the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase
price, a participant shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the
voting of the Restricted Stock, subject to such conditions contained in the
written instrument evidencing the Restricted Stock Award. Unless the
Administrator shall otherwise determine, certificates evidencing the Restricted
Stock shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock
is vested as provided in Section 6(d) below, and the participant shall be
required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company a stock power
endorsed in blank.

                                        7
<Page>

     (c)  RESTRICTIONS. Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically provided
herein or in the Restricted Stock Award agreement. If a participant's employment
(or other business relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries
terminates for any reason, the Company shall have the right to repurchase
Restricted Stock that has not vested at the time of termination at its original
purchase price, from the participant or the participant's legal representative.

     (d)  VESTING OF RESTRICTED STOCK. The Administrator at the time of grant
shall specify the date or dates and/or the attainment of pre-established
performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the
non-transferability of the Restricted Stock and the Company's right of
repurchase or forfeiture shall lapse. Subsequent to such date or dates and/or
the attainment of such pre-established performance goals, objectives and other
conditions, the shares on which all restrictions have lapsed shall no longer be
Restricted Stock and shall be deemed "vested." Except as may otherwise be
provided by the Administrator either in the Award agreement or, subject to
Section 13 below, in writing after the Award agreement is issued, a
participant's rights in any shares of Restricted Stock that have not vested
shall automatically terminate upon the participant's termination of employment
(or other business relationship) with the Company and its Subsidiaries and such
shares shall be subject to the Company's right of repurchase as provided in
Section 6(c) above.

     (e)  WAIVER, DEFERRAL AND REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS. The Restricted Stock
Award agreement may require or permit the immediate payment, waiver, deferral or
investment of dividends paid on the Restricted Stock.

SECTION 7.  DEFERRED STOCK AWARDS

     (a)  NATURE OF DEFERRED STOCK AWARDS. A Deferred Stock Award is an Award of
phantom stock units to a participant, subject to restrictions and conditions as
the Administrator may determine at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on
continuing employment (or other business relationship) and/or achievement of
pre-established performance goals and objectives, including, but not limited to,
increase in cash net income and increase in stock price. The grant of a Deferred
Stock Award is contingent on the participant executing the Deferred Stock Award
agreement. The terms and conditions of each such agreement shall be determined
by the Administrator, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual
Awards and participants. At the end of the deferral period, the Deferred Stock
Award, to the extent vested, shall be paid to the participant in the form of
shares of Stock.

     (b)  ELECTION TO RECEIVE DEFERRED STOCK AWARDS IN LIEU OF COMPENSATION. The
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit a participant to elect to
receive a portion of the cash compensation or Restricted Stock Award otherwise
due to such participant in the form of a Deferred Stock Award. Any such election
shall be made in writing and shall be delivered to the Company no later than the
date specified by the Administrator and in accordance with rules and procedures
established by the Administrator. The Administrator shall have the sole right to
determine whether and under what circumstances to permit such elections and to
impose such limitations and other terms and conditions thereon as the
Administrator deems appropriate.

                                        8
<Page>

     (c)  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER. During the deferral period, a participant
shall have no rights as a stockholder; provided, however, that the participant
may be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the phantom
stock units underlying his Deferred Stock Award, subject to such terms and
conditions as the Administrator may determine.

     (d)  RESTRICTIONS. A Deferred Stock Award may not be sold, assigned,
transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the deferral
period.

     (e)  TERMINATION. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator
either in the Award agreement or, subject to Section 13 below, in writing after
the Award agreement is issued, a participant's right in all Deferred Stock
Awards that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the participant's
termination of employment (or cessation of business relationship) with the
Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason.

SECTION 8.  UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

     GRANT OR SALE OF UNRESTRICTED STOCK. The Administrator may, in its sole
discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such higher purchase price determined
by the Administrator) an Unrestricted Stock Award to any participant pursuant to
which such participant may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions
("Unrestricted Stock") under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted
or sold as described in the preceding sentence in respect of past services or
other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such
participant.

SECTION 9.  PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS

     (a)  NATURE OF PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS. A Performance Share Award is an
Award entitling the recipient to acquire shares of Stock upon the attainment of
specified performance goals, including, but not limited to, increase in cash net
income or increase in stock price. The Administrator may make Performance Share
Awards independent of or in connection with the granting of any other Award
under the Plan. The Administrator in its sole discretion shall determine whether
and to whom Performance Share Awards shall be made, the performance goals, the
periods during which performance is to be measured, and all other limitations
and conditions.

     (b)  RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER. A participant receiving a Performance Share
Award shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares actually received
by the participant under the Plan and not with respect to shares subject to the
Award but not actually received by the participant. A participant shall be
entitled to receive a stock certificate evidencing the acquisition of shares of
Stock under a Performance Share Award only upon satisfaction of all conditions
specified in the Performance Share Award agreement (or in a performance plan
adopted by the Administrator).

     (c)  TERMINATION. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator
either in the Award agreement or, subject to Section 13 below, in writing after
the Award agreement is issued, a participant's rights in all Performance Share
Awards shall automatically terminate upon the participant's termination of
employment (or cessation of business relationship) with the Company and its
Subsidiaries for any reason.

                                        9
<Page>

     (d)  ACCELERATION, WAIVER, ETC. At any time prior to the participant's
termination of employment (or other business relationship) by the Company and
its Subsidiaries, the Administrator may in its sole discretion accelerate, waive
or, subject to Section 13, amend any or all of the goals, restrictions or
conditions applicable to a Performance Share Award.

SECTION 10.  DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS

     (a)  DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS. A Dividend Equivalent Right is an Award
entitling the recipient to receive credits based on cash dividends that would
have been paid on the shares of Stock specified in the Dividend Equivalent Right
(or other award to which it relates) if such shares had been issued to and held
by the recipient. A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted hereunder to any
participant as a component of another Award or as a freestanding award. The
terms and conditions of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be specified in the
grant. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent
Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional
shares of Stock, which may thereafter accrue additional equivalents. Any such
reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment or such
other price as may then apply under a dividend reinvestment plan sponsored by
the Company, if any. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or shares
of Stock or a combination thereof, in a single installment or installments. A
Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may provide
that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon exercise, settlement,
or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other award, and that such
Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the
same conditions as such other award. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a
component of another Award may also contain terms and conditions different from
such other award.

     (b)  INTEREST EQUIVALENTS. Any Award under this Plan that is settled in
whole or in part in cash on a deferred basis may provide in the grant for
interest equivalents to be credited with respect to such cash payment. Interest
equivalents may be compounded and shall be paid upon such terms and conditions
as may be specified by the grant.

     (c)  TERMINATION. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator
either in the Award agreement or, subject to Section 13 below, in writing after
the Award agreement is issued, a participant's rights in all Dividend Equivalent
Rights or interest equivalents shall automatically terminate upon the
participant's termination of employment (or cessation of business relationship)
with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason.

SECTION 11.  TAX WITHHOLDING

     (a)  PAYMENT BY PARTICIPANT. Each participant shall, no later than the date
as of which the value of an Award or of any Stock or other amounts received
thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the participant for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements
satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or
local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such
income. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law,
have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise
due to the participant. The

                                       10
<Page>

Company's obligation to deliver stock certificates to any participant is subject
to and conditioned on tax obligations being satisfied by the participant.

     (b)  PAYMENT IN STOCK. Subject to approval by the Administrator, a
participant may elect to have the minimum tax withholding obligation satisfied,
in whole or in part, by (i) authorizing the Company to withhold from shares of
Stock to be issued pursuant to any Award a number of shares with an aggregate
Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would
satisfy the minimum withholding amount due, or (ii) transferring to the Company
shares of Stock owned by the participant with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as
of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the minimum
withholding amount due.

SECTION 12.  TRANSFER, LEAVE OF ABSENCE, ETC.

     For  purposes of the Plan, the following events shall not be deemed a
termination of employment:

     (a)  a transfer to the employment of the Company from a Subsidiary or from
the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another; or

     (b)  an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for
any other purpose approved by the Company, if the employee's right to
re-employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the
policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the
Administrator otherwise so provides in writing.

SECTION 13.  AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION

     The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the
Administrator may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the
purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no
such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without
the holder's consent. Nothing in this Section 13 shall limit the Board's
authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c).

SECTION 14.  STATUS OF PLAN

     With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and
any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by a
participant, a participant shall have no rights greater than those of a general
creditor of the Company unless the Administrator shall otherwise expressly
determine in connection with any Award or Awards. In its sole discretion, the
Administrator may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet
the Company's obligations to deliver Stock or make payments with respect to
Awards hereunder, provided that the existence of such trusts or other
arrangements is consistent with the foregoing sentence.

SECTION 15.  CHANGE OF CONTROL PROVISIONS

     Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control as defined in this Section 15:

     (a)  Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award agreement, each
outstanding Stock Option shall automatically become fully exercisable.

                                       11
<Page>

     (b)  Each outstanding Restricted Stock Award and Performance Share Award
shall be subject to such terms, if any, with respect to a Change of Control as
have been provided by the Administrator in the Award agreement, or subject to
Section 13 above, in writing after the Award agreement is issued.

     (c)  "Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any one of the
following events:

          (i)   any "PERSON," as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Act (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any trustee,
fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee
benefit plan or trust of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), together with
all "affiliates" and "associates" (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Act) of such person, shall become the "beneficial owner" (as such term is
defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of
the Company representing 25 percent or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's then outstanding securities having the right to vote in an election of
the Company's Board of Directors ("Voting Securities") (in such case other than
as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company); or

          (ii)  the stockholders of the Company shall approve (A) any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company,
immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after
the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the
aggregate 50 percent or more of the voting shares of the corporation issuing
cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent
corporation, if any), (B) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one
transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as
a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (C)
any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be deemed to
have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (i) solely as the result of
an acquisition of securities by the Company which, by reducing the number of
shares of Voting Securities outstanding, increases the proportionate number of
shares of Voting Securities beneficially owned by any person to 25 percent or
more of the combined voting power of all then outstanding Voting Securities;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if any person referred to in this sentence shall
thereafter become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting
Securities (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, or similar
transaction or as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the
Company), then a "CHANGE OF CONTROL" shall be deemed to have occurred for
purposes of the foregoing clause (i).

SECTION 16.  GENERAL PROVISIONS

     (a)  NO DISTRIBUTION; COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS. The Administrator
may require each person acquiring Stock pursuant to an Award to represent to and
agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares
without a view to distribution thereof.

                                       12
<Page>

     No shares of Stock shall be issued pursuant to an Award until all
applicable securities law and other legal and stock exchange or similar
requirements have been satisfied. The Administrator may require the placing of
such stop-orders and restrictive legends on certificates for Stock and Awards as
it deems appropriate.

     (b)  DELIVERY OF STOCK CERTIFICATES. Stock certificates to participants
under this Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a
stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the
United States mail, addressed to the participant, at the participant's last
known address on file with the Company.

     (c)  OTHER COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS; NO EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. Nothing
contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional
compensation arrangements, including trusts, and such arrangements may be either
generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. The adoption of this
Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any employee any right to
continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiary.

     (d)  TRADING POLICY RESTRICTIONS. Option exercises and other Awards under
the Plan shall be subject to such Company's insider-trading-policy-related
restrictions, terms and conditions as may be established by the Administrator,
or in accordance with policies set by the Administrator, from time to time.

     (e)  LOANS. The Board may, in its sole discretion, authorize the grant of
loans to selected key employees to be used solely for the purchase of shares of
Stock or payment of taxes in connection with Awards under the Plan. The terms of
such loans shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Such loans
shall be secured by the shares of Stock, and may be made with or without
recourse against the employee.

SECTION 17.  EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN

     This Plan shall become effective on July 23, 2002.

SECTION 18.  GOVERNING LAW

     This Plan and all Awards and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, applied
without regard to conflict of law principles.

                                       13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
