<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex105.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.5

                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

     THIS INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made as of August ____,
2002 by and between The Bluebook International Holding Company, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and James Lavelle ("Indemnitee").

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve
publicly-held corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are
provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification
against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their
service to and activities on behalf of the corporation.

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined
that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will
maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to
protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain
liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and
widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business
enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and
trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher
premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers, and
other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being
increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to,
among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only
against the Company or business enterprise itself. The Bylaws of the Company
require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee
may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to the Delaware General
Corporation Law ("DGCL"). The Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the
indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby
contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members
of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to
indemnification.

     WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons.

     WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of
the Company's stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such
persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future.

     WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf
of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they
will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they
will not be so indemnified.

     WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws
of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be
deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of
Indemnitee thereunder.

                                       1

<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the
Company's Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present circumstances, and may
not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection,
and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is
willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on
behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as
follows:

     1.   Services to the Company. Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve,
at the will of the Company, as director of the Company for so long as Indemnitee
is duly elected or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation.

     2.   Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

          (a)  A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest
to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

               (i)   Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined
below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 51% or more of the
combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities;

               (ii)  Change in Board of Directors. During any period of 2
consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this
Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the
Board, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who
has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described
in Sections 2(a)(i), 2(a)(iii) or 2(a)(iv)) whose election by the Board or
nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of
at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were
directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for
election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least
a majority of the members of the Board;

               (iii) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger or
consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company
outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) 51% or more of the combined voting power of
the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such
merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the
board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity;

               (iv)  Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the
Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or
disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets;
and

               (v)   Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that
would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of
Regulation 14A (or a

                                       2

<PAGE>

response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under
the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject
to such reporting requirement.

          (b)  "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

          (c)  "Person" shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i)
the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an
employee benefit plan of the Company, and (iii) any corporation owned, directly
or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.

          (d)  "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning given to such term in
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that Beneficial Owner
shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the
stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another
entity.

          (e)  "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is or was
a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or of any other
corporation, partnership or joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan,
industry association, charitable foundation or other enterprise which such
person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

          (f)  "Disinterested Director" means a director of the Company who is
not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

          (g)  "Enterprise" shall mean the Company and any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of
which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee, agent or fiduciary.

          (h)  "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees,
retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel
expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges,
postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the
types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing
to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or
otherwise participating in, a Proceeding. Expenses also shall include Expenses
incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including
without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses,
however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the
amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

          (i)  Reference to "other enterprise" shall include employee benefit
plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise tax assessed with respect
to any employee benefit plan; references to "serving at the request of the
Company" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of
the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director,
officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its
participants or beneficiaries and a person who acted in good faith and in a
manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants
and beneficiaries of an

                                        3

<PAGE>

employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in manner "not opposed to
the best interests of the Company" as referred to in this Agreement.

          (j)  The term "Proceeding" shall include any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism,
investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened
or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or
otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
nature, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of Corporate status in each case whether or not serving in such
capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which
indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under
this Agreement; except one initiated by a Indemnitee to enforce his rights under
this Agreement.

          (k)  "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law
firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company
or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with
respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other
indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party
to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include
any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company
or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this
Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of the
Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel
against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

     3.   Indemnity in Third-Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee is,
or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding,
other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified
against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such
Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

     4.   Indemnity in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 4 if Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a
participant in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a
judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No
indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of
any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally
adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent
that the Delaware Court of Chancery or

                                       4

<PAGE>

any court in which the Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

     5.   Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, to the
extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on
the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection
therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all
claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter.
If the Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in
connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter
on which the Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without
limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding
by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful
result as to such claim, issue or matter.

     6.   Indemnification For Expenses of a Witness. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his
Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a
party, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

     7.   Additional Indemnification.

          (a)  Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, the
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law if
Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding
(including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the
Proceeding. No indemnity shall be made under this Section 7(a) on account of
Indemnitee's conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee's duty of loyalty
to the Company or its stockholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or
which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

          (b)  Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7(a), the
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law if
Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding
(including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the
Proceeding.

          (c)  For purposes of Sections 7(a) and 7(b), the meaning of the phrase
"to the fullest extent permitted by law" shall include, but not be limited to:

                                       5

<PAGE>

               (i)   to the fullest extent permitted by the provision of the
DGCL that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or
the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of the DGCL, and

               (ii)  to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any
amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after the date of this
Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its
officers and directors.

     8.   Exclusions. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the
Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnity in
connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

          (a)  for which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of
Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision, except with
respect to any excess beyond the amount paid under any insurance policy or other
indemnity provision; or

          (b)  for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or
sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning
of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar
provisions of state statutory law or common law; or

          (c)  in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors,
officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board of Directors of
the Company authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to
its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law.

     9.   Advances of Expenses. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company shall advance the expenses incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with any Proceeding with 20 days after the receipt by the Company
of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether
prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall be
unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to
Indemnitee's ability to repay the expenses and without regard to Indemnitee's
ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this
Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred
pursuing an action to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses
incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the
advances claimed. The Indemnitee shall qualify for advances solely upon the
execution and delivery to the Company of an undertaking providing that the
Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately
determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.
This Section 9 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which
indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 8.

     10.  Procedure for Notification and Defense of Claim.

          (a)  To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
submit to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is
reasonably necessary to determine

                                       6

<PAGE>

whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, not later
than 30 days after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any
Proceeding. The omission to notify the Company will not relieve the Company from
any liability which it may have to Indemnitee. The Secretary of the Company
shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the
Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

          (b)  The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at
its own expense.

     11.  Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification.

          (a)  Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant
to the first sentence of Section 10(a), a determination, if required by
applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made
in the specific case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by
Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of
which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control shall not
have occurred, (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even
though less than a quorum of the Board, (B) by a committee of Disinterested
Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even
though less than a quorum of the Board, (C) if there are no such Disinterested
Directors or, if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel
in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to
Indemnitee or (D) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the
Company; and, if it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within 10 days after such
determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity
making such determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to
indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon
reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not
privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any
costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by
Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such
determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination
as to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby
indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

          (b)  In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification
is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 11(b). If a
Change in Control shall not have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give written notice to
Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected.
If a Change in Control shall have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be
made by the Board of Directors, in which event the preceding sentence shall
apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of
the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee
or the Company, as the case may be, may, within 7 days after such written notice
of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as
the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that
such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel
so selected does not meet the requirements of "Independent Counsel" as defined
in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the

                                       7

<PAGE>

objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall
act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and
substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent
Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined
that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by
Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(a)
hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to,
either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction
for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or
Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the
appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Court or by such
other person as the Court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom
all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as
Independent Counsel under Section 11(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any
judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement,
Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further
responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of
professional conduct then prevailing).

     12.  Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.

          (a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to
indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such
determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under
this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in
accordance with Section 10(a) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the
burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by
any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption.
Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent
legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any
action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the
circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor
an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or
independent legal counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard
of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that
Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

          (b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under
Section 11 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification shall not have made a determination within 60 days after receipt
by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of
entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee
shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by
Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to
make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under
applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a
reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person, persons or
entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of
documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that
the foregoing provisions of this Section 12(b) shall not apply (i) if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the
stockholders pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement and if (A) within 15
days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the
Board of Directors has

                                       8

<PAGE>

resolved to submit such determination to the stockholders for their
consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after such
receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of
stockholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of
making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days
after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if
the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement.

          (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter
therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo
contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided
in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to
indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good
faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding,
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

          (d) Reliance as Safe Harbor. For purposes of any determination of good
faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's
action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including
financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers
of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal
counsel for the Enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to
the Enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser
or other expert selected with the reasonable care by the Enterprise. The
provisions of this Section 12(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit
in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have
met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

          (e) Actions of Others. The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to
act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be
imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification
under this Agreement.

     13.  Remedies of Indemnitee.

          (a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section
11 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under
this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to
Section 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to
indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement
within 45 days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 or 6 or the
last sentence of Section 11(a) of this Agreement within 10 days after receipt by
the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification
pursuant to Section 3, 4 or 7 of this Agreement is not made within 10 days after
a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of his entitlement to
such indemnification or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at
his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single
arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to seek
any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

                                       9

<PAGE>

          (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to
Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to
this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or
arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of
that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 13 the Company shall have the burden of proving
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the
case may be.

          (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a)
of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration
commenced pursuant to this Section 13, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee
of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make
Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request
for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under
applicable law.

          (d) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 that the
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and
enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator
that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by
Indemnitee, shall (within 10 days after receipt by the Company of a written
request therefore) advance such expenses to Indemnitee, which are incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for
indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or
under any directors' and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by
the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be
entitled to such indemnification, advancement of Expenses or insurance recovery,
as the case may be.

     14.  Non-exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation.

          (a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of
Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any
other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable
law, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the Company's Bylaws, any
agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No
amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof
shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect
of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior
to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in Delaware
law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or
advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Company's
Bylaws and this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that
Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by
such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative
and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment
of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

                                       10

<PAGE>

          (b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or
policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, or
agents of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the
request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies
in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director, officer, employee or agent under such policy or
policies. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to the
terms hereof, the Company has director and officer liability insurance in
effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such
proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the
respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or
desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all
amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of
such policies.

          (c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all
action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as
are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

          (d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable (or for which advancement is provided
hereunder) hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually
received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or
otherwise.

          (e) The Company's obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses
hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced
by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement
of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise.

     15.  Duration of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue until and
terminate upon the later of: (a) 10 years after the date that Indemnitee shall
have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or as a director,
officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which Indemnitee served at the
request of the Company; or (b) one year after the final termination of any
Proceeding then pending in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of
indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding
commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement relating
thereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and
assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors
and administrators.

     16. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement (including without limitation, each portion of any Section of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not
in any way be

                                       11

<PAGE>

affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to
the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect
to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any
Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

     17.  Enforcement.

          (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into
this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to
induce Indemnitee to serve as a director of the Company, and the Company
acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a
director of the Company.

     This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

     18.  Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of
this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties
thereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or
shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall
any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

     19.  Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company
in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint,
indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter
which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered
hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall riot relieve
the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this
Agreement or otherwise.

     20.  Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
(a) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or
other communication shall have been directed, or (b) mailed by certified or
registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date
on which it is so mailed:

          (a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page
of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide to the
Company.

          (b) If to the Company to:

              The Bluebook International Holding Company, Inc.
              21098 Bake Parkway, Suite 100
              Lake Forest, CA 92630
              Attention:  Mark A. Josipovich

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company.

                                       12

<PAGE>

     21.  Contribution. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law,
if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to
Indemnitee for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying
Indemnitee, shall contribute to the amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for
judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in
settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an
indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair
and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order
to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a
result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding;
and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers,
employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or
transaction(s).

     22.  Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement and the
legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to its conflict of laws rules.

     23.  Identical Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one
such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs
to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

     24.  Miscellaneous. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include
usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to
constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

                                       13

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as
of the day and year first above written.

                                   THE BLUEBOOK INTERNATIONAL
                                   HOLDING COMPANY, INC.



                                   By: /s/ Mark A. Josipovich
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                   Name:   Mark A. Josipovich
                                   Office: Chief Executive Officer and President

                                   INDEMNITEE


                                    /s/ James Lavelle
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   Name:    James Lavelle, Director
                                   Address: c/o Cotelligent, Inc.
                                            100 Theory, Suite 200
                                            Irvine, CA 92612

                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
