<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exhb10_3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.3
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT


     THIS SECURITY  AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of February 14, 2003
by and between  SmartServ  Online,  Inc. a Delaware  corporation  ("Debtor") and
Global Capital Funding Group,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  ("Secured
Party").


     1. Definitions.
        -----------

        (a) Certain Defined Terms. The following terms, as used herein, have the
meanings set forth below:

     "Accounts" means all of the following:  (a) accounts  receivable,  contract
rights, book debts, notes, drafts and other obligations and indebtedness arising
from  the  sale,  lease or  exchange  of goods  or  other  property  and/or  the
performance  of services;  (b) rights in, to and under all  purchase  orders for
goods,  services or other property;  (c) rights to any goods,  services or other
property  represented by any of the foregoing (including returned or repossessed
goods and unpaid sellers' rights of rescission, replevin, reclamation and rights
to stoppage in transit);  (d) monies due to or to become due under all contracts
for the  sale,  lease  or  exchange  of  goods  or  other  property  and/or  the
performance  of  services  (whether or not yet earned by  performance);  and (e)
Proceeds of any of the foregoing and all  collateral  security and guaranties of
any kind given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing.

     "Collateral" has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 3.

     "Documents" means all "documents" (as defined in the UCC) or other receipts
covering, evidencing or representing goods.

     "Equipment"  means all  "equipment"  (as  defined  in the UCC),  including,
without limitation, all machinery,  motor vehicles,  trucks, trailers,  vessels,
aircraft  and  rolling  stock  and  all  parts  thereof  and all  additions  and
accessions thereto and replacements therefore.

     "Event of Default" has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 9.

     "Fixtures" means all plant fixtures,  business fixtures, other fixtures and
storage  office  facilities  and  all  additions  and  accessions   thereto  and
replacements therefore.

     "General  Intangibles"  means all "general  intangibles" (as defined in the
UCC), including,  without limitation:  (a) all agreements,  leases, licenses and
contracts  to which  Debtor is or may  become a party;  (b) all  obligations  or
indebtedness owing to Debtor (other than Accounts) from


<PAGE>

whatever source arising; (c) all tax refunds; (d) all intellectual property; (e)
all choses in action and causes of action;  and (f) all trade  secrets and other
confidential information relating to the business of Debtor.

     "Instruments"  means all  "instruments,"  "chattel  paper" or  "letters  of
credit" (each as defined in the UCC) including,  but not limited to,  promissory
Notes, drafts, bills of exchange and trade acceptances.

     "Inventory"  means all  "inventory"  (as  defined  in the UCC),  including,
without  limitation,  finished goods,  raw materials,  work in process and other
materials  and supplies  (including  packaging and shipping  materials)  used or
consumed in the  manufacture or production  thereof and returned and repossessed
goods.

     "Investment  Property" means all  "investment  property" (as defined in the
UCC),   including   certificated   and   uncertificated   securities,   security
entitlements,  securities  accounts,  commodity contracts and commodity accounts
(each as defined in the UCC).

     "Note" means that certain 10%  Convertible  Note of even date herewith,  in
the original  principal  amount of  $1,000,000,  made and executed by Debtor and
issued  to  Secured  Party,   and  all  amendments  and   supplements   thereto,
restatements  thereof and renewals,  extensions,  restructuring and refinancings
thereof.

     "Person"  means  and  includes  natural  persons,   corporations,   limited
partnerships,  general  partnerships,  joint stock  companies,  joint  ventures,
associations,  companies,  trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business
trusts or other  organizations,  whether or not legal entities,  and governments
and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

     "Proceeds"  means all  proceeds  of,  and all  other  profits,  rentals  or
receipts, in whatever form, arising from the collection,  sale, lease, exchange,
assignment,  licensing  or  other  disposition  of,  or  realization  upon,  any
Collateral including,  without limitation,  all claims against third parties for
loss of, damage to or destruction of, or for proceeds payable under, or unearned
premiums with respect to,  policies of insurance with respect to any Collateral,
and any condemnation or requisition payments with respect to any Collateral,  in
each case whether now existing or hereafter arising.

     "Secured Obligations" has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 4.

     "Security  Interests"  means the  security  interests  granted  pursuant to
Section  3, as well as all other  security  interests  created  or  assigned  as
additional  security for the Secured  Obligations  pursuant to the provisions of
this Agreement.

     "Securities  Purchase  Agreement"  means that certain  Securities  Purchase
Agreement of even date herewith, by and between Debtor and Secured Party.



                                       2
<PAGE>

     "UCC" means the Uniform  Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in
the State of Delaware,  provided  that if by reason of mandatory  provisions  of
law,  the  perfection  or the  effect of  perfection  or  non-perfection  of the
Security  Interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder
is  governed by the  Uniform  Commercial  Code as in effect on or after the date
hereof in any other jurisdiction,  "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating
to such perfection or effect of perfection or  non-perfection or availability of
such remedy.

     2. Other Definition  Provisions.  References to "Sections",  "subsections",
"Exhibits"  and  "Schedules"  shall be to  Sections,  subsections,  Exhibits and
Schedules,   respectively,  of  this  Agreement  unless  otherwise  specifically
provided.  Any of the terms  defined in  Section  1(a) may,  unless the  context
otherwise  requires,  be used in the  singular  or the plural  depending  on the
reference.  All  references  to statutes and related  regulations  shall include
(unless otherwise  specifically  provided herein) any amendments of same and any
successor statutes and regulations.

     3. Grant of Security Interests

     In order to secure the payment and  performance of the Secured  Obligations
in accordance  with the terms thereof,  Debtor hereby grants to Secured Party, a
continuing  security interest in and to all right,  title and interest of Debtor
in the collateral  (and any Proceeds  therefrom)  described on Exhibit A hereto,
whether  now owned or  existing  or  hereafter  acquired  or arising  (all being
collectively referred to as the "Collateral").

     4. Security for Obligations

        This  Agreement  secures the payment and  performance  of the Securities
Purchase Agreement and the Note, and all renewals, extensions, restructuring and
refinancings thereof (the "Secured Obligations").

     5.  Representations  and  Warranties.  Debtor  represents  and  warrants as
follows:

        (a) Binding Obligation.  This Agreement is the legally valid and binding
obligation of Debtor,  enforceable  against Debtor in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization,
moratorium,  or similar  laws or  equitable  principles  relating to or limiting
creditor's rights generally.

        (b)  Ownership  of  Collateral.  Except as set forth on  Schedule  5(b),
Debtor  owns the  Collateral  free and clear of any lien,  security  interest or
encumbrance.  Except as set  forth on  Schedule  5(b),  no  effective  financing
statement  or  other  form  of  lien  notice  covering  all or any  part  of the
Collateral is on file in any recording office.

        (c) Office Locations; Debtor Names.



                                       3
<PAGE>

            (i) As of the date hereof,  the chief place of  business,  the chief
            executive  office and the office  where  Debtor  keeps its books and
            records  is  located  at the place  specified  on  Schedule  5(c)(i)
            hereto.  Except as set forth on  Schedule  5(c)(i),  Debtor  has not
            maintained  any other  address  at any time  during  the five  years
            preceding the date hereof.

            (ii) Debtor does not do business nor, as of the date hereof,  has it
            done business  during the past five years under any corporate  name,
            trade name or fictitious business name except for Debtor's corporate
            name set forth above.

        (d)  Perfection.  Subject to the release  within 10 Business Days of the
liens set forth in Section 5(b), this  Agreement,  together with the UCC filings
referenced herein,  create to secure the Secured Obligations a valid,  perfected
and first  priority  security  interest in the  Collateral,  and all filings and
other  actions  necessary  or  desirable  to perfect and protect  such  security
interest have been duly taken.

        (e) Governmental Authorizations; Consents. No authorization, approval or
other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental  authority or
regulatory  body or consent of any other  Person is required  either (i) for the
grant by Debtor of the Security  Interests  granted hereby or for the execution,
delivery or  performance  of this Agreement by Debtor or (ii) for the perfection
of or the exercise by Secured Party of its rights and remedies hereunder (except
as may have been taken by or at the direction of Debtor or Secured  Party) other
than the filing of financing statements in connection with the perfection of the
Security Interests.

        (f) Value of Collateral. The aggregate value of the collateral as of the
date hereof is equal to not less than $1,000,000.

        (g)  Accurate  Information.   All  information  heretofore,   herein  or
hereafter  supplied to Secured  Party by or on behalf of Debtor with  respect to
the Collateral is and will be accurate and complete in all material respects.

     6. Further Assurances; Covenants

        (a) Other Documents and Actions.  Debtor will, from time to time, at its
expense,  promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents and
take all further  action that may be  necessary  or  desirable,  or that Secured
Party may  reasonably  request,  in order to perfect and  protect  any  security
interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable Secured Party to
exercise  and  enforce its rights and  remedies  hereunder  with  respect to any
Collateral.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  Debtor will: (i)
execute  and file such  financing  or  continuation  statements,  or  amendments
thereto,  and  such  other  instruments  or  notices,  as  may be  necessary  or
desirable,  or as Secured Party may reasonably  request, in order to perfect and
preserve the security interests granted or purported to be granted hereby;  (ii)
at any reasonable  time,  upon demand by Secured Party exhibit the Collateral to
allow  inspection of the  Collateral  by Secured Party or persons



                                       4
<PAGE>

designated by Secured Party; and (iii) upon Secured Party's  request,  appear in
and defend any action or proceeding that may affect Debtor's title to or Secured
Party's security interest in the Collateral.

        (b) Secured Party Authorized.  Debtor hereby authorizes Secured Party to
file one or more financing or continuation  statements,  and amendments thereto,
relating to all or any part of the  Collateral  without the  signature of Debtor
where permitted by law.

        (c) Corporate or Name Change.  Debtor will notify Secured Party promptly
in writing at least 30 days  prior to (a) any  change in  Debtor's  name and (b)
Debtor's commencing the use of any trade name, assumed name or fictitious name.

        (d) Business  Locations.  Debtor  shall give  Secured  Party thirty (30)
days'  prior  written  notice of any change in its chief place of business or of
any new location of business or any new location for any of the Collateral. With
respect to any new location  (which in any event shall be within the continental
United  States),  Debtor shall  execute such  documents and take such actions as
Secured  Party  reasonably  deems  necessary to perfect and protect the Security
Interests.

        (e) Bailees.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6(e), no Collateral  shall
at any time be in the  possession  or  control  of any  warehouseman,  bailee or
Debtor's agents or processors  without Secured Party's prior written consent and
unless Secured Party, if Secured Party has so requested,  has received warehouse
receipts or bailee letters reasonably satisfactory to Secured Party prior to the
commencement of such storage.  Debtor shall,  upon the request of Secured Party,
notify  any such  warehouseman,  bailee,  agent  or  processor  of the  Security
Interests.

        (f)  Insurance.  Debtor  shall  maintain  insurance  with respect to the
Collateral of types and in amounts that are  customary  for  similarly  situated
businesses.  Debtor hereby directs all insurers under such policies of insurance
with  respect  to its  assets to pay all  material  proceeds  of such  insurance
policies to Secured Party, up to the principal and interest due on the Note.

        (g) Taxes and  Claims.  Debtor will pay (i) all taxes,  assessments  and
other  governmental  charges  imposed  upon the  Collateral  before any  penalty
accrues  thereon  and (ii) all claims  (including  claims  for labor,  services,
materials  and  supplies)  for sums that have become due and payable and that by
law have or may become a lien upon any of the  Collateral  before any penalty or
fine is incurred  with respect  thereto;  provided  that no such tax,  charge or
claim need be paid if a Debtor is contesting  same in good faith by  appropriate
proceedings  promptly  instituted  and  diligently  conducted  and if Debtor has
established  such reserve or other  appropriate  provision,  if any, as shall be
required  in  conformity   with   generally   accepted   accounting   principles
consistently applied.

        (h) Collateral  Description.  Debtor will furnish to Secured Party, from
time to time,  statements and schedules  further  identifying and describing the
Collateral  and such other reports in connection  with the Collateral as Secured
Party may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail.



                                       5
<PAGE>

        (i) Use of  Collateral.  Debtor will not use or permit any Collateral to
be used  unlawfully  or in violation of any  provision of this  Agreement or any
applicable statute,  regulation or ordinance or any policy of insurance covering
any of the Collateral.

        (j) Records of Collateral. Debtor shall keep full and accurate books and
records  relating to the Collateral and shall stamp or otherwise mark such books
and records in such manner as Secured Party may  reasonably  request  indicating
that the Collateral is subject to the Security Interests.

        (k) Other Information.  Debtor will,  promptly upon request,  provide to
Secured Party all information and evidence it may reasonably  request concerning
the  Collateral  to enable  Secured  Party to  enforce  the  provisions  of this
Agreement.

     7. Secured Party  Appointed  Attorney-in-Fact.  Debtor  hereby  irrevocably
appoints Secured Party as its attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place
and stead of Debtor and in the name of Debtor, Secured Party or otherwise,  from
time to time in Secured Party's discretion to take any action and to execute any
instrument  that  Secured  Party  may deem  necessary  or  advisable  after  the
occurrence and during the  continuation of an Event of Default to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation:

        (a) to obtain and adjust insurance required to be paid to Secured Party;

        (b) to ask, demand,  collect,  sue for, recover,  compound,  receive and
give  acquittance  and  receipts  for  monies  due and to become due under or in
respect of any of the Collateral;

        (c) to file any claims or take any action or institute  any  proceedings
that Secured Party may deem  necessary or desirable for the collection of any of
the  Collateral or otherwise to enforce the rights of Secured Party with respect
to any of the Collateral;

        (d) to pay or  discharge  taxes  or  liens,  levied  or  placed  upon or
threatened  against the  Collateral,  the  legality or validity  thereof and the
amounts necessary to discharge the same to be determined by Secured Party in its
sole discretion,  and such payments made by Secured Party to become  obligations
of  Debtor,  due and  payable  immediately  without  demand  and  secured by the
Security Interests; and

        (e) generally to sell, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect
to or  otherwise  deal with any of the  Collateral  as fully and  completely  as
though  Secured Party were the absolute  owner thereof for all purposes,  and to
do, at Secured Party's option and Debtor's expense,  at any time or from time to
time,  all acts and things  that  Secured  Party  deems  necessary  to  protect,
preserve or realize upon the Collateral.

Neither Secured Party nor any Person designated by Secured Party shall be liable
for any acts or omissions or for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or law
other than as a result of Secured



                                       6
<PAGE>

Party's or such Person's  gross  negligence or willful  misconduct.  This power,
being coupled with an interest,  is irrevocable so long as this Agreement  shall
remain in force.

     8. Transfers and Other Liens

         Debtor shall not without Secured Party's prior written consent:

        (a) Sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose
of, or grant any option with respect to, any of the Collateral.

        (b)  Create or suffer to exist  any  lien,  security  interest  or other
charge or  encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of the  Collateral to secure
indebtedness  of any Person  except for the  security  interest  created by this
Agreement.

     9. Events of Default.

        The  occurrence  of  any  one or  more  of the  following  events  shall
constitute an Event of Default by Debtor under this Agreement:

        (a)  General  Default.  Debtor  shall fail to  observe  or  perform  any
covenant,  obligation,  term or condition  contained in the Securities  Purchase
Agreement, the Note, or this Agreement.

        (b)  Nonpayment.  Debtor  shall fail to pay any  principal,  interest or
other amount owing under the Note or Securities  Purchase  Agreement when and as
the same shall be due and payable.

        (c) Material  Misrepresentations.  Any representation or warranty of the
Debtor set forth herein  shall prove to have been false in any material  respect
at the time it was given.

        (d) Going  Concern.  Debtor shall  terminate its corporate  existence or
shall cease to operate as a going concern.

        (e) Other.  The  occurrence  of any "Event of  Default"  as that term is
defined in Securities Purchase Agreement that is not cured within the applicable
cure period.

     10. Remedies

         (a) If any Event of Default  shall  have  occurred  and be  continuing,
Secured Party may declare the entire  outstanding  principal  amount of the Note
immediately due and payable.

         (b) If any Event of Default  shall  have  occurred  and be  continuing,
Secured  Party may  exercise  in respect of the  Collateral,  in addition to all
other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise  available to it, all
the rights and remedies of a secured  party on default under the



                                       7
<PAGE>

UCC  (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected  Collateral)  and also may:
(i) require Debtor to, and Debtor hereby agrees that it will, at its expense and
upon request of Secured Party forthwith,  assemble all or part of the Collateral
as directed by Secured  Party and make it available to Secured  Party at a place
to be  designated  by  Secured  Party  which is  reasonably  convenient  to both
parties; (ii) without notice or demand or legal process, enter upon any premises
of Debtor and take possession of the Collateral;  (iii) without notice except as
specified below,  sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels
at public or private sale, at any of Secured  Party's  offices or elsewhere,  at
such time or times,  for cash,  on credit or for  future  delivery,  and at such
price or prices and upon such other terms as Secured Party may deem commercially
reasonable;  (iv) notify the  obligors on any  Accounts or  Instruments  to make
payments thereunder directly to Secured Party; and (v) without notice to Debtor,
renew,  modify or extend any of the Accounts and Instruments or grant waivers or
indulgences  with  respect  thereto  or  accept  partial  payment  thereof,   or
substitute  any  obligor  thereon,  in any  manner  as  Secured  Party  may deem
advisable,  without  affecting or diminishing  Debtor's  continuing  obligations
hereunder. Debtor agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by
law,  at least  ten days'  notice to Debtor of the time and place of any  public
sale or the time after  which any  private  sale is to be made shall  constitute
reasonable  notification.  At any sale of the  Collateral,  if permitted by law,
Secured  Party may bid  (which  bid may be, in whole or in part,  in the form of
cancellation of indebtedness)  for the purchase of the Collateral or any portion
thereof for the account of Secured  Party.  Secured Party shall not be obligated
to make any sale of  Collateral  regardless of notice of sale having been given.
Secured  Party  may  adjourn  any  public or  private  sale from time to time by
announcement at the time and place fixed  therefore,  and such sale may, without
further notice,  be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  To
the extent  permitted by law,  Debtor hereby  specifically  waives all rights of
redemption,  stay  or  appraisal  which  it has or may  have  under  any law now
existing or hereafter enacted.

         (c) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Secured Party
shall have the right to enter upon the premises of Debtor  where the  Collateral
is located (or is believed to be located)  without any obligation to pay rent to
Debtor,  or any other  place or places  where the  Collateral  is believed to be
located and kept, to render the  Collateral  useable or saleable,  to remove the
Collateral  therefrom to the  premises of Secured  Party or any agent of Secured
Party for such time as Secured Party may desire in order to effectively  collect
or liquidate the Collateral, and/or to require Debtor to assemble the Collateral
and make it available to Secured  Party at a place or places to be designated by
Secured  Party.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default  hereunder,  Secured
Party shall have the right to take  possession  of Debtor's  original  books and
records,  to obtain  access to  Debtor's  data  processing  equipment,  computer
hardware and software relating to the Collateral and to use all of the foregoing
and  the  information  contained  therein  in any  manner  Secured  Party  deems
appropriate; and Secured Party shall have the right to notify postal authorities
to change the address for delivery of Debtor's mail to an address  designated by
Secured Party and to receive, open and dispose of all mail addressed to Debtor.

     11. Limitation on Duty of Secured Party with Respect to Collateral.  Beyond
the safe custody  thereof,  Secured Party shall have no duty with respect to any
Collateral in its  possession or control (or in the possession or control of any
agent or bailee) or with respect to any income  thereon or the  preservation  of
rights  against prior parties or any other rights  pertaining  thereto.  Secured
Party



                                       8
<PAGE>

shall  be  deemed  to  have  exercised   reasonable  care  in  the  custody  and
preservation  of the  Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded
treatment substantially equal to that which it accords its own property. Secured
Party  shall not be liable or  responsible  for any loss or damage to any of the
Collateral,  or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the act or
omission of any warehouseman,  carrier,  forwarding  agency,  consignee or other
agent or bailee selected by Secured Party in good faith.

     12. Application of Proceeds. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default,  the proceeds of any sale of, or other realization upon,
all or any part of the Collateral  shall be applied:  first, to all fees,  costs
and  expenses  incurred by Secured  Party with  respect to the  Collateral;  and
second, to the Secured  Obligations.  Secured Party shall pay over to Debtor any
surplus and Debtor shall remain liable for any deficiency.

     13. Expenses.  Debtor agrees to pay all insurance expenses and all expenses
of protecting, storing, warehousing, appraising, insuring, handling, maintaining
and shipping the  Collateral,  all costs,  fees and expenses of  perfecting  and
maintaining the Security Interests,  and any and all excise, property, sales and
use  taxes  imposed  by any  state,  federal  or local  authority  on any of the
Collateral,  or with  respect to  periodic  appraisals  and  inspections  of the
Collateral,  or with respect to the sale or other disposition thereof. If Debtor
fails  promptly to pay any portion of the above  expenses when due or to perform
any other  obligation of Debtor under this Agreement,  Secured Party may, at its
option, but shall not be required to, pay or perform the same, and Debtor agrees
to reimburse Secured Party therefore on demand.  All sums so paid or incurred by
Secured Party for any of the foregoing,  any and all other sums for which Debtor
may become  liable  hereunder and all costs and expenses  (including  attorneys'
fees,  legal expenses and court costs) incurred by Secured Party in enforcing or
protecting the Security  Interests or any of their rights or remedies under this
Agreement  shall be payable on demand,  shall  constitute  Secured  Obligations,
shall bear  interest  until paid at the rate  provided  in the Note and shall be
secured by the Collateral.

     14. Termination of Security Interests;  Release of Collateral. Upon payment
in full of all Secured Obligations,  this Agreement shall terminate the Security
Interests  and all rights to the  Collateral  shall revert to Debtor.  Upon such
termination  of the  Security  Interests or release of any  Collateral,  Secured
Party  will,  at the  expense  of Debtor,  execute  and  deliver to Debtor  such
documents as Debtor shall reasonably  request to evidence the termination of the
Security Interests or the release of such Collateral, as the case may be.

     15. Notices. Each notice,  communication and delivery under this Agreement:
(a) shall be made in writing  signed by the party  giving it; (b) shall  specify
the section of this  Agreement  pursuant  to which  given;  (c) shall  either be
delivered in person or by telecopier,  a nationally recognized next business day
courier service or Express Mail; (d) unless delivered in person,  shall be given
to the address specified below; (e) shall be deemed to be given (i) if delivered
in person,  on the date  delivered,  (ii) if sent by telecopier,  on the date of
telephonic  confirmation  of receipt,  (iii) if sent by a nationally  recognized
next business day courier  service with all costs paid, on the next business day
after it is  delivered  to such  courier,  or (iv) if sent by Express Mail (with
postage and other fees paid), on the next business day after it is mailed.  Such
notice shall not be effective  unless copies are



                                       9
<PAGE>

provided  contemporaneously  as specified  below, but neither the manner nor the
time of giving notice to those to whom copies are to be given (which need not be
the same as the  addressee)  shall control the date notice is given or received.
The addresses and requirements for copies are as follows:

         If to Debtor:

                SmartServ Online, Inc.
                Metro Center
                One Station Place
                Stamford, CT  06902
                Telecopier No.  203-353-5962
                Confirmation No.  203-353-5950
                Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

         If to Secured Party:

                Global Capital Funding Group, L.P.
                106 Colony Park Drive
                Suite 900
                Cumming, GA  30040
                Attn: Lewis N. Lester
                Telecopier No.678-947-6499
                Confirmation No.678-947-0028

                with a copy to:

                Global Capital Advisors, Ltd.
                106 Colony Park Drive, Suite 900
                Cumming, GA 30040
                Attention: Sharon Bauer Berman
                Telecopier No.  678-947-6499

     16.  Waivers,  Non-Exclusive  Remedies,  Severability.  Except as otherwise
expressly set forth in any particular  provision of this Agreement,  any consent
or approval required or permitted by this Agreement to be given by Secured Party
may be given, and any term of this Agreement or of any other instrument  related
hereto or mentioned herein may be amended,  and the performance or observance by
Debtor of any term of this Agreement,  the Securities  Purchase Agreement or the
Note may be waived  (either  generally  or in a  particular  instance and either
retroactively  or  prospectively)  with,  but only with,  the  written  specific
consent of Secured Party. No waiver shall extend to or affect any obligation not
expressly waived or impair any right consequent thereon. No course of dealing or
delay or omission  on the part of Secured  Party in  exercising  any right shall
operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise be prejudicial thereto. No notice to or
demand upon Debtor shall entitle  Debtor to other or further notice or demand in
similar or other  circumstances.  The rights in this  Agreement,  the Securities
Purchase  Agreement  and the Note are  cumulative  and are not  exclusive of any
other



                                       10
<PAGE>

remedies provided by law. The invalidity,  illegality or unenforceability of any
provision in or obligation  under this Agreement  shall not affect or impair the
validity,  legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations
under this Agreement.

     17.  Successors  and Assigns.  This Agreement is for the benefit of Secured
Party and its successors  and assigns,  and in the event of an assignment of all
or any  of  the  Secured  Obligations,  the  rights  hereunder,  to  the  extent
applicable to the Secured Obligations so assigned,  may be transferred with such
Secured  Obligations.  This  Agreement  shall  be  binding  on  Debtor  and  its
successors  and assigns,  provided  that Debtor shall not assign this  Agreement
without Secured Party's prior written consent.

     18. Changes in Writing. No amendment,  modification,  termination or waiver
of any  provision  of this  Agreement  or  consent  to any  departure  by Debtor
therefrom,  shall in any event be effective  without the written  concurrence of
Secured Party and Debtor.

     19.  Governing  Law. This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,  without giving effect to the
conflicts of law principles thereof.

     20. Headings.  Cross reference pages and headings  contained herein are for
convenience of reference only, do not constitute a part of this  Agreement,  and
shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

     21.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  by each party upon a
separate copy, and in such case one  counterpart of this Agreement shall consist
of enough of such copies to reflect the  signatures of all of the parties.  This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an
original,  and each of which shall  constitute one and the same  agreement.  Any
party may  deliver  an  executed  copy of this  Agreement  and of any  documents
contemplated hereby by facsimile transmission to another party and such delivery
shall have the same force and effect as any other delivery of a manually  signed
copy of this Agreement or of such other documents.





                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS








                                       11
<PAGE>



     DULY EXECUTED and delivered by the parties on the date first written above.


                                      SMARTSERV ONLINE, INC.


                                      By:   /s/ Thomas W. Haller
                                           -------------------------------------
                                      Name:   Thomas W. Haller
                                      Title:  Senior Vice President and
                                              and Chief Financial Officer




                                      GLOBAL CAPITAL FUNDING GROUP, L.P.
                                      By its General Partner, Global Capital
                                      Management Services, Inc.


                                      By:    /s/ Lewis N. Lester
                                             -----------------------------------
                                      Name:  Lewis N. Lester
                                      Title: President




                                       12
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                                   COLLATERAL

     All right,  title and interest of Debtor now owned or hereafter acquired in
and to the following (collectively, the "Collateral"):

(1)  All   equipment,   including   but  not  limited  to  all   computer   data
     communications  and network control  equipment,  storage devices,  software
     (excluding software which is created, developed,  modified or customized by
     the Debtor for sale or lease by the Debor to others), and firmware, and all
     additions, accessions,  substitutions,  attachments,  improvements, repairs
     thereto, and all fixtures;

(2)  All accounts,  contracts rights, inventory,  general intangibles (excluding
     software which is created, developed,  modified or customized by the Debtor
     for sale or lease by the  Debtor  to  others),  chattel  paper,  documents,
     letter of credit  rights,  investment  property,  tax refund and  insurance
     proceeds of the Debtor; and

(3)  All products and proceeds of the foregoing,  and, in any event, (a) any and
     all proceeds of any insurance,  indemnity or warranty payable to the Debtor
     from time to time with  respect to any of the  Collateral,  (b) any and all
     payments  made  or due  and  payable  to the  Debtor  from  time to time in
     connection with any  requisition,  confiscation,  condemnation,  seizure or
     forfeiture  of all or  any  part  of  the  Collateral  by any  governmental
     authority,  (c) any and all  recoveries by the Debtor against third parties
     with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any of the Collateral,
     and (d) any and all other  amounts from time to time paid or payable  under
     or in connection with any of the Collateral, upon disposition or otherwise.




                                       13
<PAGE>


                                  SCHEDULE 5(b)
                             PRIOR SECURITY INTEREST



Hewlett-Packard lien resulting from the secured lending facility entered into on
September 28, 2000, as amended on September 9, 2002:

     All right,  title and interest of SmartServ  Online,  Inc.  ("Debtor")  now
owned  or  hereafter  acquired  in  and  to  the  following  (collectively,  the
"Collateral"):

(1)  All  Hewlett-Packard  equipment  and  other  equipment,  including  but not
     limited to all computer data  communications and network control equipment,
     storage devices, software (excluding software which is created,  developed,
     modified  or  customized  by the  Debtor  for sale or lease by the Debor to
     others),  and  firmware,  and  all  additions,  accessions,  substitutions,
     attachments, improvements, repairs thereto, and all fixtures;

(2)  All accounts,  contracts rights, inventory,  general intangibles (excluding
     software which is created, developed,  modified or customized by the Debtor
     for sale or lease by the  Debtor  to  others),  chattel  paper,  documents,
     letter of credit  rights,  investment  property,  tax refund and  insurance
     proceeds of the Debtor; and

(3)  All products and proceeds of the foregoing,  and, in any event, (a) any and
     all proceeds of any insurance,  indemnity or warranty payable to the Debtor
     from time to time with  respect to any of the  Collateral,  (b) any and all
     payments  made  or due  and  payable  to the  Debtor  from  time to time in
     connection with any  requisition,  confiscation,  condemnation,  seizure or
     forfeiture  of all or  any  part  of  the  Collateral  by any  governmental
     authority,  (c) any and all recoveries by the Company against third parties
     with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning any of the Collateral,
     and (d) any and all other  amounts from time to time paid or payable  under
     or in connection with any of the Collateral, upon disposition or otherwise.



                                       14
<PAGE>


                                SCHEDULE 5(c)(i)
                           PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ADDRESS


The  following  address  is the chief  place of  business,  the chief  executive
office, and the office where the books and records are kept:

SmartServ Online, Inc.
One Station Place, Stamford, CT 06902


                                       15

<PAGE>


                                SCHEDULE 5(d)(i)
















                                       16

<PAGE>


                                  SCHEDULE 6(e)
                             WHAREHOUSED COLLATERAL

Certain  computer  hardware  and  equipment  is  wharehoused  at  the  following
location:

Wm. B. Meyer
Moving and Storage
181 Rte 117 Bypass
Bedford Hills, NY 10507

Contact: Pat or Stan - 914-243-0100









                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
