<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex1014.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.14

                              SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
                                     BETWEEN
                                  RICHARD HEATH
                                       AND
                           TUPPERWARE / BEAUTICONTROL

                                January 14, 2003

Dick Heath:

  1.  Retires and turns over operating responsibility immediately with
      respect to all positions. Contract retirement date effective January
      14, 2003.

  2.  External and internal announcement / communication that the retirement
      date will be following Celebration in August 2003.

  3.  Assists in the development of all communications to all constituencies and
      communicates to those audiences over the next week.

  4.  Allows name to be used for all promotional programs and communications,
      with his review and suggestions, and assists in these programs as
      requested by the BeautiControl team during this period until after
      Celebration.

  5.  Will remain for the next 7 -10 days to address calls from the field and
      any questions that may arise from the announcement of his retirement and
      to encourage the sales force. Will work with David Halversen on transition
      during this period.

  6.  Will assist David Halversen and the BeautiControl team as requested over
      the next several months through August 2003.

  7.  Will attend the February Leadership Meeting in support of the
      announcement; attend Celebration in August and participate as requested by
      the BeautiControl leadership; attend all other events between now and the
      term of the agreement as mutually agreed.

  8.  Agrees to non-compete and non-solicitation provisions relating to the
      direct selling industry party plan/demonstration programs in the sales of
      products being sold by BeautiControl as of October 31, 2005. Also agrees
      to non-disparagement, non-interference and relates to all claims
      provisions.

Tupperware / BeautiControl:

Agreement period is defined as signing date to October 31, 2005

  1.  Compensates Dick Heath at current base salary plus cost of living
      adjustments through October 31, 2005. Provided that Dick Heath has not
      materially violated his agreement to non-compete and non-solicitation
      provisions relating to the direct selling industry party
      plan/demonstration programs in the sales of products being sold by
      BeautiControl as of October 31, 2005, Tupperware, will on a monthly
      basis for consulting, agree to pay a total of $500,000 to Dick Heath as
      a special payment over the following two years from November 1, 2005 to
      October

<PAGE>

      31, 2007 in consideration of continuation of non-compete,
      non-solicitation, non-disparagement and non-interference provisions from
      Dick Heath.

  2.  Pays 2002 AIP Bonus.

  3.  Provides medical benefits through the period of the agreement through
      October 2005.

  4.  Maintains dues at current club for Dick through period of agreement.
      Acknowledges that Dick Heath is the owner of the memberships.

  5.  Maintains lease payments, maintenance and insurance to the end of
      agreement period, or end of lease contract, whichever comes first.

  6.  Provides financial planning at current level through agreement period.

  7.  The Dallas Mavericks tickets are assigned to Dick Heath for the remainder
      of the current season. Assigns rights to Dick Heath to personally purchase
      the Dallas Maverick tickets for the future.

  8.  Dick Heath to sell all Tupperware stock from the merger transaction which
      is owned by Dick and Jinger. Immediately upon the completion of the stock
      sales, Tupperware to pay the difference between the purchase price and the
      selling price. Heaths may sell the shares in the following period:
      Starting one day after the Tupperware January 2003 Earnings Release, the
      Heaths will have 13 business days to dispose of the above mentioned stock.

  9.  Dick Heath may exercise any stock options which are currently vested. All
      stock options owned may be exercised when they vest. The exercise
      expiration date of all options will be six years from the date of
      retirement as spelled in the agreement. This requires the maintenance of
      the non-compete and non-solicitation agreements.

  10. Maintains the existing office at BeautiControl for Dick Heath until after
      the August 2003 Celebration. Through that period, will provide secretarial
      assistance on an as needed basis in coordination with David Halversen.

General:

This agreement is meant to be legally binding and will be part of a document
which contains other customary terms consistent with this agreement. If for any
reason, such other document is never executed, it will not affect the
enforceability of this agreement.

/s/ Richard W. Heath
----------------------
Richard W. Heath

BeautiControl, Inc.                  Tupperware Corporation

By:  /s/ David T. Halversen          By:  /s/ David T. Halversen
     ----------------------               ---------------------

Title:  Executive Officer and        Title: Senior Vice President
        ---------------------               ---------------------
        Sr. Vice President
        ------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
