<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>f88230exv2w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2

                                 FIRST AMENDMENT

                                       TO

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

         This FIRST AMENDMENT to AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (this
"Amendment") is made and entered into as of January 3, 2003 by and among Brocade
Communications Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Maverick
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent ("Sub"), Rhapsody Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
Douglas M. Leone (the "Stockholder Representative"), and U.S. Bank, N.A. (the
"Escrow Agent").

         WHEREAS, the parties have previously entered into that certain
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of November 5, 2002 (the
"Agreement"); and

         WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend the Agreement pursuant to Section
8.3 thereof as set forth below;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.       All capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the
         meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. All references to the
         Agreement in any other agreement among the parties relating to the
         transactions contemplated by the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to
         the Agreement as amended hereby.

2.       Section 1.6(a)(xv) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         state in its entirety as follows:

                  (xv)  "EXCHANGE RATIO" shall mean the Residual Proceeds
               divided by the Total Outstanding Shares, rounded to the nearest
               ten billionth (.0000000001) (with amounts .00000000005 and above
               rounded up).

3.       Section 1.6(b)(v) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated to
         state in its entirety as follows:

                  (v)   The shares of Parent Common Stock to be received in
                  connection with the Merger or to be received upon exercise of
                  vested or unvested Company Options assumed in connection with
                  the Merger shall be restricted such that each Stockholder may
                  not: (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any
                  option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or
                  contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant for the
                  sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of
                  Parent Common Stock to be received in connection with the
                  Merger or to be received upon exercise of

<PAGE>

                  vested or unvested Company Options assumed in connection with
                  the Merger or (ii) enter into any swap or any other agreement
                  or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part,
                  directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership
                  of the Parent Common Stock to be received in connection with
                  the Merger or to be received upon exercise of vested or
                  unvested Company Options assumed in connection with the
                  Merger, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled
                  by delivery of Parent Common Stock or other securities, in
                  cash or otherwise (collectively, the "LOCK-UP PROVISION"). The
                  Lock-up Provision shall lapse as follows: (A) a number of
                  shares equal to forty five percent (45%) of the shares of
                  Parent Common Stock to be received by each Stockholder
                  (including for the purpose of calculating the percentages in
                  this sentence all shares subject to assumed Company Options,
                  whether vested or unvested, and the aggregate number of
                  additional shares that may be issued upon payment in full of
                  the Earn-Out Payment) shall be freely tradeable and
                  transferable upon the Closing, to the extent vested or, if
                  forty five percent (45%) of such shares are not vested, up to
                  forty five percent (45%) of such shares upon vesting), (B) a
                  number of shares equal to thirty percent (30%) of the shares
                  of Parent Common Stock to be received by each Stockholder
                  shall be freely tradeable and transferable on the date that is
                  six (6) months after the Closing, to the extent vested or, if
                  thirty percent (30%) of such shares are not vested, up to
                  thirty percent (30%) of such shares upon vesting), and (C) the
                  remaining twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares of Parent
                  Common Stock to be received by such Stockholder (including
                  shares released from the escrow and shares received upon
                  payment of the Earn-Out Payment, if any) shall be freely
                  tradeable and transferable on the first anniversary of the
                  Closing; provided however, that if such Stockholder is a
                  non-officer employee of the Company at the Effective Time,
                  then the remaining twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares of
                  Parent Common Stock to be received by such Stockholder
                  (including shares released from the escrow and shares received
                  upon payment of the Earn-Out Payment, if any) shall be
                  released from the Lock-up Provision (but not the escrow or any
                  other restriction) on the date that is six (6) months after
                  the Closing. Certificates that represent shares of Parent
                  Common Stock to be received in connection with the Merger or
                  issued upon exercise of vested or unvested Company Options
                  assumed in connection with the Merger shall be legended to
                  reflect the Lock-up Provision (the "LOCK-UP LEGEND").

4.       This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
         the laws of the State of California, regardless of the laws that might
         otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws
         thereof.

5.       This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of
         which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
         effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
         parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all
         parties need not sign the same counterpart.

6.       Except as amended by this Amendment, the terms and conditions of the
         Agreement shall remain unchanged and the Agreement shall remain in full
         force and effect.

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub, the Company, the Escrow Agent and the
Stockholder Representative have caused this First Amendment to Agreement and
Plan of Reorganization to be signed by their duly authorized respective
officers, all as of the date first written above.

BROCADE COMMUNICATIONS                            RHAPSODY NETWORKS, INC.
SYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Antonio Canova                            By: /s/ Duston Williams
    ------------------------------------------        --------------------------

Name: Antonio Canova                              Name: Duston Williams

Title: VP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer    Title: Chief Financial Officer

STOCKHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE:                       MAVERICK ACQUISITION CORP.

/s/ Douglas M. Leone                              By: /s/ Antonio Canova
----------------------------------------------        --------------------------
Douglas M. Leone
                                                  Name: Antonio Canova

                                                  Title: Treasurer

ESCROW AGENT:

U.S. BANK, N.A.

By: /s/ Ann Gadsby
    ------------------------------------------

Name: Ann Gadsby

Title: Vice President

                                      -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
