<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh_10-69.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MIRANT CORPORATION - FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.69

                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                            Dated as of April 1, 1999


     SOUTHERN ENERGY,  INC., a Delaware  corporation (the "Borrower"),  the bank
(the "Initial  Lender") listed on the signature pages hereof,  the Issuing Banks
(as  hereinafter  defined)  from time to time party  hereto and  CITIBANK,  N.A.
("Citibank"),  as agent (the "Agent") for the Lenders (as  hereinafter  defined)
and the Issuing Banks, agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

                        DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

                  SECTION 1.01.  Certain Defined Terms.

     As used in this  Agreement,  the  following  terms shall have the following
meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of the terms defined):

     "Advance" means a Revolving Credit Advance or a Competitive Bid Advance.

     "Affiliate"  means, as to any Person (other than an individual),  any other
Person (other than an individual)  that,  directly or indirectly  through one or
more intermediaries,  Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with
such Person.

     "Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt" has the  meaning  specified  in Schedule II
hereto.

     "Agent" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

     "Agent's Account" means the account of the Agent maintained by the Agent at
Citibank with its office at 399 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10043,  Account
No. 36852248, Attention: Lenny Sarcona, re SEI Facility C Credit Agreement.

     "Agent's Notice" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(c).

     "Applicable  Lending  Office"  means,  with  respect to each  Lender,  such
Lender's  Domestic  Lending  Office in the case of a Base Rate  Advance and such
Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance and,
in the case of a Competitive Bid Advance,  the office of such Lender notified by
such Lender to the Agent as its  Applicable  Lending Office with respect to such
Competitive Bid Advance.

     "Applicable  Margin"  means,  as  of  any  date,  a  percentage  per  annum
determined by reference to the Credit Rating in effect on such date as set forth
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                               <C>                    <C>                             <C>

                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                        Credit Rating             Applicable Margin for          Applicable Margin for
                         S&P/Moody's               Base Rate Advances          Eurodollar Rate Advances
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  Level 1
                  A-/A3 or above                           0%                            .375%
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  Level 2
                  BBB+/Baa1                                0%                            .475%
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  Level 3
                  BBB/Baa2                                 0%                            .575%
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  Level 4
                  BBB-/Baa3                                0%                            .975%
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
                  Level 5
                  BB+/Ba1 or below                         0%                           1.675%
                  --------------------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------
</TABLE>



     provided,  however,  that on each date on which the aggregate of the unpaid
"Advances" under the Facility Credit  Agreements and the Available Amount of the
Letters of Credit exceeds  33-1/3% of the aggregate of the  "Commitments"  under
the  Facility A Credit  Agreement  and the Facility B Credit  Agreement  and the
Revolving Credit Commitments, the Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances
shall be  increased  for such  date by a  percentage  per  annum  determined  by
reference to the Credit Rating in effect on such date as set forth below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                      <C>                            <C>


                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                                    Credit Rating              Increase in Applicable
                                     S&P/Moody's               Margin for Eurodollar
                                                                   Rate Advances
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 1
                           A-/A3 or above                              .125%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 2
                           BBB+/Baa1                                   .125%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 3
                           BBB/Baa2                                    .125%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 4
                           BBB-/Baa3                                   .250%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 5
                           BB+/Ba1 or below                            .500%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
</TABLE>


     "Applicable  Percentage"  means,  as of any date,  a  percentage  per annum
determined by reference to the Credit Rating in effect on such date as set forth
below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                     <C>                             <C>

                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                                 Public Debt Rating                  Applicable
                                     S&P/Moody's                     Percentage
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 1
                           A-/A3 or above                              .125%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 2
                           BBB+/Baa1                                   .150%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 3
                           BBB/Baa2                                    .175%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 4
                           BBB-/Baa3                                   .225%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
                           Level 5
                           BB+/Ba1 or below                            .325%
                           -------------------------------- -----------------------------
</TABLE>



     "Assets"  with respect to any Person means all or any part of its business,
property and assets, wherever situated.

     "Assignment and Acceptance" means an assignment and acceptance entered into
by a Lender and one or more Eligible  Assignees,  and accepted by the Agent,  in
substantially the form of Exhibit C-1-A hereto (in the case of an assignment and
acceptance not entered into to effect the General  Syndication)  or C-1-B hereto
(in the case of an assignment and acceptance  entered into to effect the General
Syndication).

     "Available  Amount" of any Letter of Credit means, at any time, the maximum
amount  available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time (assuming
compliance at such time with all conditions to drawing).

     "Base Rate" means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time
to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the higher of:

     (a) the rate of interest  announced  publicly by Citibank in New York,  New
York, from time to time, as Citibank's base rate; and

     (b) .5% per annum above the Federal Funds Rate.

     "Base Rate Advance" means a Revolving Credit Advance that bears interest as
provided in Section 2.07(a)(i).

     "Borrower" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

     "Borrowing"  means  a  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  or a  Competitive  Bid
Borrowing.

     "Business  Day" means any day other than a  Saturday,  Sunday or any day on
which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and,
if the applicable  Business Day relates to any Eurodollar  Rate Advances or LIBO
Rate Advances, on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.

     "Cash  Available for Corporate Debt Service" for a particular  period means
(a) EBITDA with reference to the Borrower's  consolidated  financial statements;
plus (b) cash  received  (net of  transaction  costs and  expenses)  during such
period by the Borrower  and its  consolidated  Subsidiaries  from asset sales or
other  dispositions  not required to prepay debt;  plus (c) cash received by the
Borrower  from The  Southern  Company  in the form of  equity  contributions  or
Subordinated  Debt,  which cash is received during such period or during (i) the
60 days  after the end of any such  period  which  ends at the end of the first,
second or third  fiscal  quarter of the  Borrower or (ii) the 120 days after the
end of any such period which ends at the end of the fourth fiscal quarter of the
Borrower.


<PAGE>



     "Citibank" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

     "Commitment"  means a  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  or a Letter of Credit
Commitment.


     "Competitive  Bid Advance"  means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as
part of a  Competitive  Bid Borrowing  resulting  from the  competitive  bidding
procedure described in Section 2.03 and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a LIBO
Rate Advance.

     "Competitive  Bid Borrowing"  means a borrowing  consisting of simultaneous
Competitive  Bid  Advances  from each of the Lenders  whose offer to make one or
more  Competitive Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted under
the competitive bidding procedure described in Section 2.03.

     "Competitive  Bid Note" means a promissory note of the Borrower  payable to
the order of any  Lender,  in  substantially  the form of  Exhibit  A-2  hereto,
evidencing  the  indebtedness  of the Borrower to such Lender  resulting  from a
Competitive Bid Advance made by such Lender.

                  "Competitive Bid Reduction" has the meaning specified in
Section 2.01.

                  "Confidential Information" means information concerning the
         Borrower or its Affiliates which is non-public, confidential or
         proprietary in nature, or any information that is marked or designated
         confidential by or on behalf of the Borrower, which is furnished to any
         Lender by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates directly or through the
         Agent or the Lead Arranger in connection with this Agreement or the
         transactions contemplated hereby (at any time on, before or after the
         date hereof), together with all analyses, compilations or other
         materials prepared by such Lender or its respective directors,
         officers, employees, agents, auditors, attorneys, consultants or
         advisors (collectively, "Representatives") which contain or otherwise
         reflect such information.

                  "Consolidated Net Worth" means the aggregate of the capital
         stock and other equity accounts (including, without limitation,
         retained earnings and paid in capital) of the Borrower.

                  "Control" (including the terms "Controlling", "Controlled by"
         and "under common Control with") of a Person (other than an individual)
         means the power to direct or to cause the direction of the management
         and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting
         Stock, by contract or otherwise.

                  "Convert", "Conversion" and "Converted" each refers to a
         conversion of Revolving Credit Advances of one Type into Advances of
         the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.09.

                  "Corporate Interest" means, for any period, the aggregate of
         the Borrower's accrued obligations during such period to pay interest
         on Recourse Debt and Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt.

                  "Credit Rating" means, as of any date, the highest credit
         rating that has been most recently established in writing by either S&P
         or Moody's, as the case may be, for the Borrower or for any class of
         non-credit-enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the
         Borrower. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P and
         Moody's shall have in effect a Credit Rating, the Applicable Margin,
         any change in the Applicable Margin pursuant to the proviso in the
         definition of such term and the Applicable Percentage shall be
         determined by reference to the available rating; (b) if neither S&P nor
         Moody's shall have in effect a Credit Rating, the Applicable Margin,
         any such change and the Applicable Percentage will be set in accordance
         with Level 5 under the table or tables contained in the definition of
         "Applicable Margin" or "Applicable Percentage", as the case may be; (c)
         if the ratings established by S&P and Moody's shall fall within
         different levels, the Applicable Margin, any such change and the
         Applicable Percentage shall be based upon the higher rating; (d) if any
         rating established by S&P or Moody's shall be changed, such change
         shall be effective as of the date on which such change is notified in
         writing to the Company, or is announced publicly, by the rating agency
         making such change; and (e) if S&P or Moody's shall change the basis on
         which ratings are established, each reference to the Credit Rating
         announced by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be, shall refer to the
         then equivalent rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.

                  "Debt" means, for any Person, any obligations of such Person
         for or in respect of (a) moneys borrowed or raised (whether or not for
         cash) by whatever means (including acceptances, deposits, discounting,
         letters of credit, factoring (other than on a non-recourse basis),
         finance leases, hire purchase, conditional sale or other form of title
         retention agreement, sale-and-lease back, sale and repurchase and any
         other form of financing which is recognized in such Person's financial
         statements as being in the nature of a borrowing (excluding, for the
         avoidance of doubt, share capital, share premium account and any
         capital prepayment reserve), (b) the deferred purchase price of Assets
         or services (other than goods and services obtained on normal
         commercial terms in the ordinary course of business or operations) and
         (c) guarantees by such Person of obligations which constitute Debt of
         another Person under clause (a) or (b) above.

                  "Default" means any Event of Default or any event that would
         constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be
         given or time elapse or both.

                  "Domestic Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender,
         the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic Lending Office"
         opposite its name on Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and
         Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office
         of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the
         Borrower and the Agent.

                  "Drawing Documents" in respect of a Letter of Credit means the
         draft, certificates and other documents required by such Letter of
         Credit to be presented as a condition of payment of such draft under
         such Letter of Credit.

                  "EBITDA" for a particular period means with reference to the
         Borrower's consolidated financial statements (a) income from continuing
         operations before income taxes and minority interest; plus (b)
         depreciation and amortization; plus (c) Corporate Interest; plus (d)
         losses attributable to minority interest; minus (e) income attributable
         to minority interest; minus (f) cash income taxes paid, adjusted, if
         appropriate, to reflect any minority investors' pro rata share of cash
         income taxes paid (including cash payments to Affiliates of the
         Borrower related to corporate tax sharing arrangements); plus (g) cash
         income taxes received, adjusted, if appropriate, to reflect any
         minority investors' pro rata share of cash income taxes received
         (including cash tax refunds and cash payments from Affiliates of the
         Borrower related to corporate tax sharing arrangements). "EBITDA" shall
         not include the effect of (i) gains or losses on sales or dispositions
         of assets and (ii) non-recurring items to the extent they do not affect
         cash.

                  "Effective Date" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

                  "Eligible Assignee" means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate of a
         Lender; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United
         States, or any State thereof; (iv) a savings and loan association or
         savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any
         State thereof; (v) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any
         other country that is a member of the Organization for Economic
         Cooperation and Development or has concluded special lending
         arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its
         General Arrangements to Borrow, or a political subdivision of any such
         country, so long as such bank is acting through a branch or agency
         located in the country in which it is organized or another country that
         is described in this clause (v); (vi) a finance company, insurance
         company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation,
         partnership, trust or other entity) that is engaged in making,
         purchasing or otherwise investing in commercial loans in the ordinary
         course of its business and (vii) the central bank of any country that
         is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
         Development; provided, however, that neither the Borrower nor an
         Affiliate of the Borrower shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee;
         provided further that the entities listed in items (iii)-(vii) above
         shall have a short-term credit rating of at least "Prime-2" (or the
         then equivalent grade) by Moody's or "A-2" (or the then equivalent
         grade) by S&P, or, if no short-term credit rating is available, a
         long-term credit rating of at least Baa2 (or the then equivalent grade)
         by Moody's or BBB (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P; provided
         further that if any entity listed in item (vii) above shall have no
         short-term or long-term credit rating, the relevant credit rating shall
         be the short-term or long-term credit rating of the country of which
         such entity is the central bank.

                  "Eligible Securities" means (a) readily marketable securities
         issued or guaranteed by the government of the United States of America
         or any agency thereof having a maturity at the time of issuance not
         exceeding one year, (b) commercial paper rated at least A-1 by S&P or
         P-1 by Moody's, in each case having a maturity at the time of issuance
         not exceeding one year, and (c) certificates of deposit of or time
         deposits with any commercial bank, the long-term debt of which has been
         assigned a rating of at least BBB by S&P or Baa2 by Moody's and which
         is a Lender and is organized and existing under the laws of the United
         States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia.

     "Eurodollar  Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender,  the office
of such Lender specified as its "Eurodollar Lending Office" opposite its name on
Schedule  I hereto or in the  Assignment  and  Acceptance  pursuant  to which it
became a Lender  (or,  if no such  office is  specified,  its  Domestic  Lending
Office),  or such other  office of such  Lender as such  Lender may from time to
time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.

     "Eurodollar  Rate" means,  for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate
Advance comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing, an interest rate
per annum equal to the rate per annum (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000 of 1% per
annum)  appearing on the Dow Jones Markets  Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor
page) as the London  interbank  offered  rate for  deposits  in U.S.  dollars at
approximately  11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day
of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period or, if for
any reason  such rate is not  available,  the  average  (rounded  to the nearest
1/10,000  of 1% per  annum)  of the rate per  annum  at which  deposits  in U.S.
dollars are offered by the principal  office of each of the  Reference  Banks in
London,  England to prime banks in the London  interbank market at approximately
11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest
Period in an amount substantially equal to such Reference Bank's Eurodollar Rate
Advance comprising part of such Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest
Period and for a period equal to such Interest Period.  If the Dow Jones Markets
Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor  page) is unavailable  the Eurodollar  Rate
for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate Advance  comprising part of the
same Borrowing shall be determined by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates
furnished  to and  received by the Agent from the  Reference  Banks two Business
Days before the first day of such  Interest  Period,  subject,  however,  to the
provisions of Section 2.08.

     "Eurodollar  Rate  Advance"  means a Revolving  Credit  Advance  that bears
interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).

     "Events of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

     "Extension  of Credit"  means a Borrowing  or the  issuance or renewal of a
Letter of Credit.

     "Facility A Credit  Agreement"  means the Facility A Credit Agreement dated
as of the date hereof among the Borrower,  the initial lenders named therein and
Citibank, as agent.

     "Facility B Credit  Agreement"  means the Facility B Credit Agreement dated
as of the date hereof among the Borrower,  the initial lenders named therein and
Citibank, as agent.

     "Facility Credit  Agreements" means this Credit  Agreement,  the Facility A
Credit Agreement and the Facility B Credit Agreement.

     "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per
annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates
on overnight  federal  funds  transactions  with members of the Federal  Reserve
System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such
day is not a Business Day, for the next  preceding  Business Day) by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York,  or, if such rate is not so published for any day that
is a  Business  Day,  the  average  of the  quotations  for  such  day  on  such
transactions  received  by  the  Agent  from  three  federal  funds  brokers  of
recognized standing selected by it.

     "Fixed Rate Advances" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a)(i).

     "GAAP" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.

     "General  Syndication"  means the  syndication  by the Lead Arranger of the
Initial Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment.

     "Information  Memorandum" means the information  memorandum dated March 22,
1999 used by the Lead Arranger in connection with the General Syndication.

     "Initial  Lender" has the meaning set forth in the  introductory  paragraph
hereto.

     "Interest  Period" means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance  comprising part
of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing and for each LIBO Rate Advance comprising
part of the same Competitive Bid Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of
such  Eurodollar Rate Advance or LIBO Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion
of any Base Rate  Advance  into such  Eurodollar  Rate Advance and ending on the
last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below
(in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance) or, subject to the provisions  below,
pursuant to the relevant  Notice of Competitive  Bid Borrowing (in the case of a
Competitive  Bid Advance) and,  thereafter  with respect to each Eurodollar Rate
Advance or Competitive  Bid Advance,  each subsequent  period  commencing on the
last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day
of the period selected by the Borrower  pursuant to the provisions below (in the
case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance) or, subject to the provisions below, pursuant
to  the  relevant  Notice  of  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  (in  the  case  of a
Competitive  Bid Advance).  The duration of each such  Interest  Period shall be
one, two, three or six months,  as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the
Agent not later than 11:00 A.M.  (New York City time) on the third  Business Day
prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided, however, that:

                    (i)  the Borrower  may not select any  Interest  Period that
                         ends after the Termination Date;

                    (ii) Interest  Periods  commencing  on  the  same  date  for
                         Eurodollar  Rate Advances  comprising  part of the same
                         Revolving  Credit  Borrowing or for LIBO Rate  Advances
                         comprising  part of the same  Competitive Bid Borrowing
                         shall be of the same duration;

                    (iii)whenever  the last  day of any  Interest  Period  would
                         otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the
                         last day of such  Interest  Period shall be extended to
                         occur on the next  succeeding  Business Day;  provided,
                         however,  that if such  extension  would cause the last
                         day of  such  Interest  Period  to  occur  in the  next
                         following calendar month, the last day of such Interest
                         Period shall occur on the next preceding  Business Day;
                         and

                    (iv) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on
                         a day of an initial  calendar  month for which there is
                         no numerically  corresponding day in the calendar month
                         that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number
                         of  months  equal  to the  number  of  months  in  such
                         Interest Period,  such Interest Period shall end on the
                         last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.

     "Issuing Bank" means any commercial bank approved as an Issuing Bank by the
Agent  (such  approval  not  to be  unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed),  which
commercial  bank has entered  into a written  agreement  with the  Borrower  (an
"Issuing Bank  Agreement")  (i) pursuant to which such commercial bank becomes a
party to this  Agreement as an Issuing Bank and agrees to perform in  accordance
with their terms all of the obligations  that by the terms of this Agreement are
required to be  performed by it as an Issuing Bank and (ii) which sets forth its
initial  Letter of Credit  Commitment.  An Issuing  Bank may, but need not, be a
Lender.

     "Issuing Bank  Agreement"  has the meaning  specified in the  definition of
"Issuing Bank".

     "Issuing Bank's Notice" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(c).

     "Law"  means  any  constitution,   decree,  judgment,  legislation,  order,
ordinance,  regulation,  statute, treaty or other legislative measure having the
force of law (and "lawful" and "unlawful" shall be construed accordingly).

     "Lead Arranger" means Salomon Smith Barney Inc.

     "Lenders"  means the Initial  Lender and each  Person  that shall  become a
party hereto pursuant to Section 8.07(a).

     "Letter of Credit" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a).

     "Letter of Credit Advance" has the meaning specified in
Section 2.17(c).

     "Letter  of Credit  Advance  Date" has the  meaning  specified  in  Section
2.17(c).

     "Letter of Credit Agreement" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b).

     "Letter of Credit Collateral" has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(b).

     "Letter of Credit Collateral  Account" has the meaning specified in Section
6.02(a).

     "Letter  of Credit  Commitment"  means,  at any time,  with  respect  to an
Issuing Bank, the amount of its Letter of Credit  Commitment as set forth in its
Issuing Bank Agreement, as such amount may be increased at or prior to such time
as notified to the Agent by the Borrower and as such amount may be reduced at or
prior to such time pursuant to Section 2.05.

     "LIBO  Rate"  means,  for any  Interest  Period for all LIBO Rate  Advances
comprising  part of the same  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,  an interest rate per
annum equal to the rate per annum  (rounded  to the  nearest  1/10,000 of 1% per
annum)  appearing on the Dow Jones Markets  Telerate Page 3750 (or any successor
page) as the London  interbank  offered  rate for  deposits  in U.S.  dollars at
approximately  11:00 A.M. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day
of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period or, if for
any reason  such rate is not  available,  the  average  (rounded  to the nearest
1/10,000  of 1% per  annum)  of the rate per  annum  at which  deposits  in U.S.
dollars are offered by the principal  office of each of the  Reference  Banks in
London,  England  to prime  banks in the London  interbank  market at 11:00 A.M.
(London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Interest  Period in
an amount  substantially  equal to the amount that would be the Reference Banks'
respective  ratable  shares of such  Borrowing  if such  Borrowing  were to be a
Revolving Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period and for
a period equal to such Interest  Period.  If the Dow Jones Markets Telerate Page
3750 (or any  successor  page) is  unavailable,  the LIBO Rate for any  Interest
Period for each LIBO Rate Advance  comprising  part of the same  Competitive Bid
Borrowing  shall be  determined  by the Agent on the basis of  applicable  rates
furnished  to and  received by the Agent from the  Reference  Banks two Business
Days before the first day of such  Interest  Period,  subject,  however,  to the
provisions of Section 2.08.

     "LIBO Rate Advance" means a Competitive Bid Advance bearing  interest based
on the LIBO Rate.

     "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, hypothecation, security interest
or other charge,  encumbrance  or other  arrangement in the nature of a security
interest in property to secure the  payment or  performance  of Debt;  provided,
however,  that the term "Lien" shall not include any  easements,  rights-of-way,
zoning   restrictions,   leases,   subleases,   licenses,   sublicenses,   other
restrictions  on the use of  property,  defects  in title to  property  or other
similar encumbrances.

     "Loan Documents" means this Agreement,  the Notes and each Letter of Credit
Agreement, as each may be amended,  supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

     "Material  Adverse Effect" means a material  adverse change in, or material
adverse effect on, the financial condition,  operations,  business or properties
of the Borrower which would have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
Borrower to pay amounts owed by it from time to time hereunder.

     "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.


     "Non-Affiliate  Subordinated Debt" has the meaning specified in Schedule II
hereto.

     "Note" means a Revolving Credit Note or a Competitive Bid Note.


     "Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing" has the meaning  specified in Section
2.03(a).

     "Notice of Issuance" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b).

     "Notice of Renewal" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a).

     "Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing" has the meaning specified in Section
2.02(a).

     "Notice of Termination" has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a).

     "Other Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 2.14.

     "Person" means any individual,  company,  corporation,  firm,  partnership,
joint venture, undertaking, association, organization, trust, state or agency of
a state (in each case, whether or not having separate legal personality).

     "Pro Rata  Share" of any amount  means,  with  respect to any Lender at any
time,  the product of such amount times a fraction the numerator of which is the
amount  of such  Lender's  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  at such  time  and the
denominator  of which is the aggregate of the Revolving  Credit  Commitments  at
such time.

     "Project   Finance  Debt"  means  Debt  (not  exceeding  the  cost  of  the
acquisition, construction or creation of the relevant Asset or project) incurred
or existing in  connection  with the  financing or  refinancing  of any Asset or
project, the repayment of which Debt is to be made from the revenues arising out
of, or other  proceeds of  realization  from,  the acquired or created  Asset or
project,  with  recourse to those  revenues and proceeds and Assets  forming the
subject  matter  of  such  Asset  or  project  (including,  without  limitation,
insurance,  contracts and shares or other rights of ownership in the entity(ies)
which own the relevant Assets or project) and other Assets ancillary thereto but
without  substantial  recourse  to any other  Asset or  otherwise  to  Borrower;
provided  that  substantial  recourse  shall not be deemed to exist by reason of
normal and customary sponsor support arrangements.

     "Recourse Capital" means the sum of (a) Consolidated Net Worth and (b) Debt
of the Borrower.

     "Recourse  Debt"  means all Debt of the  Borrower  other than  Subordinated
Debt.

     "Reference   Banks"  means  Bank  of  America   National  Trust  &  Savings
Association,  Barclays Bank PLC, The Chase Manhattan  Bank,  Citibank and Credit
Suisse First Boston, in each case so long as such Bank is a Lender.

     "Register" has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(d).

     "Representatives"   has  the  meaning   specified  in  the   definition  of
"Confidential Information".

     "Required  Lenders"  means at any time  Lenders owed at least a majority of
the then aggregate  unpaid  principal  amount of the Revolving  Credit  Advances
owing to Lenders,  or, if no such principal amount is then outstanding,  Lenders
having at least a  majority  of the  aggregate  amount of the  Revolving  Credit
Commitments.

     "Revolving  Credit Advance" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as
part of a  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  and refers to a Base Rate  Advance or a
Eurocurrency  Rate Advance (each of which shall be a "Type" of Revolving  Credit
Advance).

     "Revolving Credit  Borrowing" means a borrowing  consisting of simultaneous
Revolving  Credit Advances of the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant
to Section 2.01.

     "Revolving Credit Commitment" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

     "Revolving  Credit Note" means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to
the order of any  Lender,  in  substantially  the form of  Exhibit  A-1  hereto,
evidencing the aggregate  indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender  resulting
from the Revolving Credit Advances made by such Lender.

     "S&P"  means  Standard  &  Poor's  Rating  Services,   a  division  of  The
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

     "Subordinated  Debt" means Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt and  Non-Affiliate
Subordinated Debt.

     "Subsidiary"  of any  Person  means  any  corporation,  partnership,  joint
venture,  limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more
than 50% of (a) the Voting Stock,  (b) the interest in the capital or profits of
such  limited  liability  company,  partnership  or  joint  venture  or (c)  the
beneficial  interest  in  such  trust  or  estate  is at the  time  directly  or
indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one of more of
its Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries.

     "Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 2.14.

     "Termination  Date"  means  the  earlier  of April 1,  2004 and the date of
termination  in whole of the Revolving  Credit  Commitments  pursuant to Section
2.05 or 6.01.

     "Unused Revolving Credit  Commitment"  means, with respect to any Lender at
any time, (a) such Lender's  Revolving Credit  Commitment at such time minus (b)
the sum of (i) the aggregate  principal  amount of all Revolving Credit Advances
made by such  Lender,  in each case in its  capacity  as a Lender  and not as an
Issuing Bank, and outstanding at such time, (ii) such Lender's Pro Rata Share of
the aggregate  amount of the  Competitive  Bid Reductions at such time and (iii)
such  Lender's  Pro Rata  Share of (A) the  aggregate  Available  Amount  of all
Letters of Credit outstanding at such time and (B) to the extent not included in
clause (b)(i) of this definition, the aggregate principal amount at such time of
all  Revolving  Credit  Advances  deemed made by the Issuing  Banks  pursuant to
Section  2.17(c)(i) by virtue of payments under Letters of Credit issued by them
to the extent the Lenders have not made available to the Agent their payments in
respect of their purchases of their Pro Rata Shares thereof  pursuant to Section
2.17(c)(2).

     "U.S. Tax Law Change" has the meaning specified in Section 2.14.


     "Voting Stock" means capital stock issued by a  corporation,  or equivalent
interests in any other Person (other than an  individual),  the holders of which
are  ordinarily,  in the  absence  of  contingencies,  entitled  to vote for the
election of directors (or persons  performing similar functions) of such Person,
even if the  right so to vote  has been  suspended  by the  happening  of such a
contingency.

     SECTION  1.02.  Computation  of Time  Periods  . In this  Agreement  in the
computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later  specified date,
the word "from" means "from and  including"  and the words "to" and "until" each
mean "to but excluding".

     SECTION  1.03.  Accounting  Terms All  accounting  terms  not  specifically
defined  herein  shall  be  construed  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles  consistent  with those  applied by the  Borrower  at the
relevant time ("GAAP").

                                   ARTICLE II

                        AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES
                            AND THE LETTERS OF CREDIT

     SECTION 2.01. The Revolving Credit Advances . Each Lender severally agrees,
on the terms and conditions  hereinafter  set forth,  to make  Revolving  Credit
Advances to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the period
from the Effective Date until the Termination Date in an aggregate amount not to
exceed at any time  outstanding the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name
on  Schedule I hereto or, if such  Lender has entered  into any  Assignment  and
Acceptance,  set forth for such Lender in the Register  maintained  by the Agent
pursuant to Section  8.07(d),  as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section
2.05 (such Lender's "Revolving Credit Commitment");  provided that the aggregate
amount of the Revolving  Credit  Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed used
from time to time to the extent of the aggregate  amount of the  Competitive Bid
Advances then  outstanding  and such deemed use of the  aggregate  amount of the
Revolving  Credit  Commitments  shall be  allocated  among the  Lenders  ratably
according to their respective  Revolving Credit  Commitments (such deemed use of
the aggregate  amount of the Revolving Credit  Commitments  being a "Competitive
Bid Reduction"). Each Revolving Credit Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount
of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall
consist of  Revolving  Credit  Advances of the same Type made on the same day by
the Lenders ratably according to their respective  Revolving Credit Commitments.
The Borrower may make more than one Revolving  Credit  Borrowing or  Competitive
Bid  Borrowing  on the same day and may make  Revolving  Credit  Borrowings  and
Competitive  Bid Borrowings on the same day.  Within the limits of each Lender's
Revolving  Credit  Commitment,  the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01,
prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.

     SECTION 2.02.  Making the Revolving  Credit  Advances . (a) Each  Revolving
Credit  Borrowing shall be made on notice,  given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
York City  time) on the  third  Business  Day prior to the date of the  proposed
Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  in  the  case  of  a  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing
consisting of Eurodollar  Rate Advances,  or not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York
City time) on the date of the proposed Revolving Credit Borrowing in the case of
a Revolving Credit Borrowing  consisting of Base Rate Advances,  by the Borrower
to the  Agent,  which  shall  give to  each  Lender  prompt  notice  thereof  by
telecopier.  Each such  notice of a  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  (a "Notice of
Revolving Credit  Borrowing")  shall be by telephone,  confirmed  immediately by
telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto,  specifying  therein
the  requested  (i)  date of  such  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,  (ii)  Type of
Revolving  Credit Advances  comprising such Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,  (iii)
aggregate  amount of such Revolving  Credit  Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a
Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  consisting of Eurodollar  Rate  Advances,  initial
Interest  Period for each such  Revolving  Credit  Advance.  Each Lender  shall,
before  11:00  A.M.  (New York City time) on the date of such  Revolving  Credit
Borrowing,  make available for the account of its  Applicable  Lending Office to
the Agent at the  Agent's  Account,  in same day funds,  such  Lender's  ratable
portion of such Revolving Credit Borrowing;  provided, however, that if a Notice
of  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  in  respect  of a  proposed  Revolving  Credit
Borrowing  consisting  of  Base  Rate  Advances  is  given  on the  date of such
Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,  the Lenders shall so make available their ratable
portions of such  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  before 3:00 P.M.  (New York City
time) on such date. After the Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment
of the applicable  conditions set forth in Article III, the Agent will make such
funds  available to the Borrower at the Agent's  address  referred to in Section
8.02.

     (b) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary  notwithstanding,  the
Borrower  may not select  Eurodollar  Rate  Advances  for any  Revolving  Credit
Borrowing if the  obligation  of the Lenders to make  Eurodollar  Rate  Advances
shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.08(e).

     (c) The  Borrower  shall  indemnify  each  Lender  against  any  actual and
documented loss  (excluding any loss of profit and/or  margin),  cost or expense
reasonably  incurred  by such  Lender as a result of (i) the  revocation  by the
Borrower of (x) any Notice of Revolving  Credit Borrowing for a Revolving Credit
Borrowing  that such Notice of  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  specifies is to be
comprised of  Eurodollar  Rate  Advances or (y) any notice given by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.09 of the  Conversion  of Base Rate Advances to Eurodollar
Rate Advances and (ii) any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in
a Notice of Revolving  Credit  Borrowing for a Revolving  Credit  Borrowing that
such Notice of  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  specifies  is to be  comprised  of
Eurodollar  Rate Advances the  applicable  conditions  set forth in Article III,
including,  without  limitation in each such case, any loss  (excluding  loss of
profit  and/or  margin),  cost or expense  reasonably  incurred by reason of the
liquidation or  reemployment  of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender
to fund the Revolving  Credit  Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such
Revolving Credit Borrowing or as a result of such Conversion when such Revolving
Credit Advance,  as a result of such  revocation or failure,  is not made on the
date specified  therefor in the relevant Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing or
when such Base Rate Advances, as a result of such revocation,  are not converted
to Eurodollar Rate Advances, but excluding,  however, any such losses, costs and
expenses  resulting from any such  revocation or failure which has occurred more
than 60 days  prior to demand  being  made to the  Borrower  by such  Lender for
indemnification.  The payment of such indemnity to a Lender shall be made within
30 days of a demand by such Lender complying with Section 8.04(d).

     (d) Unless the Agent shall have received  notice from a Lender prior to the
date of any Revolving  Credit Borrowing that such Lender will not make available
to the Agent such Lender's ratable portion of such Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,
the Agent may assume that such  Lender has made such  portion  available  to the
Agent on the date of such Revolving  Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section
2.02(a) and the Agent may, in reliance upon such  assumption,  make available to
the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such
Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion  available to the Agent, such
Lender  and the  Borrower  severally  agree to repay to the Agent  forthwith  on
demand such  corresponding  amount together with interest thereon,  for each day
from the date such amount is made  available to the Borrower until the date such
amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of the Borrower,  the interest
rate  applicable  at the  time to  Revolving  Credit  Advances  comprising  such
Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  and (ii) in the case of such  Lender,  the Federal
Funds Rate. If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such  corresponding  amount,
such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender's Revolving Credit Advance as
part of such Revolving Credit Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement.

     (e) The failure of any Lender to make the  Revolving  Credit  Advance to be
made by it as part of any Revolving Credit Borrowing shall not relieve any other
Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Credit Advance
on the  date  of  such  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing,  but no  Lender  shall  be
responsible  for the failure of any other  Lender to make the  Revolving  Credit
Advance  to be made by such  other  Lender on the date of any  Revolving  Credit
Borrowing.

     SECTION  2.03.  The  Competitive  Bid Advances.  (a) Each Lender  severally
agrees that the Borrower may make one or more  Competitive Bid Borrowings  under
this  Section  2.03 from time to time on any Business Day during the period from
the date hereof until the date occurring 30 days prior to the  Termination  Date
in the manner  set forth  below;  provided  that,  following  the making of each
Competitive Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the Advances then outstanding
shall  not  exceed  the  aggregate  amount  of the  Commitments  of the  Lenders
(computed without regard to any Competitive Bid Reduction).

                    (i)  The Borrower may request a  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing
                         under this  Section  by  delivering  to the  Agent,  by
                         telecopier,  a notice of a Competitive Bid Borrowing (a
                         "Notice   of   Competitive    Bid    Borrowing"),    in
                         substantially   the  form  of   Exhibit   B-2   hereto,
                         specifying  therein  the  requested  (t)  date  of such
                         proposed  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,   (u)  aggregate
                         amount of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing,  (v)
                         in the case of a Competitive  Bid Borrowing  consisting
                         of LIBO Rate Advances,  the Interest  Period or Periods
                         therefor,  (w) the maturity  date for  repayment of the
                         Competitive  Bid  Advances  to be  made as part of such
                         Competitive Bid Borrowing  (which maturity date may not
                         be earlier  than, in the case of each LIBO Rate Advance
                         to be made as part of such  Competitive  Bid Borrowing,
                         the date  occurring  one  month  after the date of such
                         Competitive Bid Borrowing or, in all cases,  later than
                         the  Termination  Date),  (x) interest  payment date or
                         dates relating thereto, (y) whether the Borrower agrees
                         not to reduce pursuant to Section 2.05 the aggregate of
                         the Commitments at any time on or prior to the maturity
                         date of the Competitive Bid Advances to be made as part
                         of such  Competitive Bid Borrowing to an amount that is
                         less  than  the  aggregate   principal  amount  of  the
                         Competitive  Bid Advances  outstanding at such time and
                         (z)  other  terms  (if  any) to be  applicable  to such
                         Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,  not later than 11:00 A.M.
                         (New York City  time)  (A) at least  one  Business  Day
                         prior  to the  date  of the  proposed  Competitive  Bid
                         Borrowing,  if the Borrower shall specify in the Notice
                         of Competitive Bid Borrowing that the rates of interest
                         to be offered by the  Lenders  shall be fixed rates per
                         annum (the Competitive Bid Advances comprising any such
                         Competitive  Bid Borrowing  being referred to herein as
                         "Fixed Rate  Advances")  and (B) at least four Business
                         Days prior to the date of the proposed  Competitive Bid
                         Borrowing,  if the Borrower shall specify in the Notice
                         of Competitive  Bid Borrowing that the  Competitive Bid
                         Advances  comprising  such  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing
                         shall be LIBO Rate  Advances.  The Agent  shall give to
                         each Lender by telecopier  prompt notice of each Notice
                         of Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                  (ii) Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it elects to
         do so, irrevocably offer to make one or more Competitive Bid Advances
         to the Borrower as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing at a
         rate or rates of interest specified by such Lender in its sole
         discretion, by notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice
         thereof to the Borrower), (A) before 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on
         the date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a
         Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and (B)
         before 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) three Business Days before the
         date of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a
         Competitive Bid Borrowing consisting of LIBO Rate Advances, of the
         minimum amount and maximum amount of each Competitive Bid Advance which
         such Lender would be willing to make as part of such proposed
         Competitive Bid Borrowing (which amounts of such proposed Competitive
         Bid may, subject to the proviso to the first sentence of this Section
         2.03(a), exceed such Lender's Commitment, if any), the rate or rates of
         interest therefor and such Lender's Applicable Lending Office with
         respect to such Competitive Bid Advance; provided that if Citibank in
         its capacity as a Lender shall, in its sole discretion, elect to make
         any such offer, it shall notify the Borrower of such offer at least 30
         minutes before the time and on the date on which notice of such
         election is to be given to the Agent by the other Lenders. If any
         Lender shall elect not to make such an offer, such Lender shall so
         notify the Agent before the time by which such offer would have had to
         have been made, and such Lender shall not be obligated to, and shall
         not, make any Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid
         Borrowing; provided that the failure by any Lender to give such notice
         shall not cause such Lender to be obligated to make any Competitive Bid
         Advance as part of such proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                    (iii)The  Borrower  shall,  in turn,  (A) before  10:30 A.M.
                         (New  York  City  time)  on the  date of such  proposed
                         Competitive Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Competitive
                         Bid Borrowing consisting of Fixed Rate Advances and (B)
                         before 11:00 A.M.  (New York City time) three  Business
                         Days before the date of such proposed  Competitive  Bid
                         Borrowing,  in the case of a Competitive  Bid Borrowing
                         consisting of LIBO Rate Advances either:

     (x) cancel such  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  by giving the Agent notice to
that effect, or

     (y) accept one or more of the offers made by any Lender or Lenders pursuant
to paragraph (ii) above, in its sole  discretion,  by giving notice to the Agent
of the amount of each Competitive Bid Advance (which amount shall be equal to or
greater than the minimum  amount,  and equal to or less than the maximum amount,
notified  to the  Borrower  by the  Agent  on  behalf  of such  Lender  for such
Competitive  Bid Advance  pursuant to  paragraph  (ii) above) to be made by each
Lender as part of such  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing,  and reject  any  remaining
offers  made by Lenders  pursuant  to  paragraph  (ii) above by giving the Agent
notice to that effect.  The Borrower  shall accept the offers made by any Lender
or  Lenders  to make  Competitive  Bid  Advances  in order of the  lowest to the
highest rates of interest  offered by such Lenders.  If two or more Lenders have
offered the same interest  rate, the amount to be borrowed at such interest rate
will be allocated  among such Lenders in proportion to the amount that each such
Lender offered at such interest rate.

                    (iv) If  the   Borrower   notifies   the  Agent   that  such
                         Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  is  cancelled  pursuant to
                         paragraph  (iii)(x) above,  the Agent shall give prompt
                         notice thereof to the Lenders and such  Competitive Bid
                         Borrowing shall not be made.

                    (v)  If the Borrower  accepts one or more of the offers made
                         by any Lender or Lenders pursuant to paragraph (iii)(y)
                         above, the Agent shall in turn promptly notify (A) each
                         Lender that has made an offer as described in paragraph
                         (ii) above,  of the date and  aggregate  amount of such
                         Competitive  Bid Borrowing and whether or not any offer
                         or offers  made by such Lender  pursuant  to  paragraph
                         (ii) above have been accepted by the Borrower, (B) each
                         Lender  that is to make a  Competitive  Bid  Advance as
                         part of such  Competitive Bid Borrowing,  of the amount
                         of  each  Competitive  Bid  Advance  to be made by such
                         Lender as part of such  Competitive Bid Borrowing,  and
                         (C)  each  Lender  that  is to make a  Competitive  Bid
                         Advance as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing, upon
                         receipt, that the Agent has received forms of documents
                         appearing  to fulfill  the  applicable  conditions  set
                         forth in Article  III.  Each  Lender  that is to make a
                         Competitive Bid Advance as part of such Competitive Bid
                         Borrowing shall, before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time)
                         on the date of such Competitive Bid Borrowing specified
                         in the  notice  received  from the  Agent  pursuant  to
                         clause (A) of the preceding  sentence or any later time
                         when such Lender  shall have  received  notice from the
                         Agent pursuant to clause (C) of the preceding sentence,
                         make  available  for  the  account  of  its  Applicable
                         Lending Office to the Agent at its address  referred to
                         in  Section  8.02,  in same day  funds,  such  Lender's
                         portion  of  such   Competitive  Bid  Borrowing.   Upon
                         fulfillment of the  applicable  conditions set forth in
                         Article  III and  after  receipt  by the  Agent of such
                         funds,  the Agent will make such funds available to the
                         Borrower at the  location  specified by the Borrower in
                         its Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing. Promptly after
                         each  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing the Agent will notify
                         each  Lender  of  the  amount  of the  Competitive  Bid
                         Borrowing, the consequent Competitive Bid Reduction and
                         the dates  upon which such  Competitive  Bid  Reduction
                         commenced and will terminate.

                  (vi) Unless otherwise specified by the Borrower in the related
         Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing, the Borrower shall indemnify each
         Lender against any actual and documented loss (excluding any loss of
         profit and/or margin), cost or expense reasonably incurred by such
         Lender as a result of (i) the revocation by the Borrower of its
         acceptance of any offer made by such Lender pursuant to paragraph
         (iii)(y) above or (ii) any failure to fulfill on or before the date
         specified in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing for such
         Competitive Bid Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in
         Article III, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding any
         loss of profit and/or margin), cost or expense reasonably incurred by
         reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds
         acquired by such Lender to fund the Competitive Bid Advance to be made
         by such Lender as part of such Competitive Bid Borrowing when such
         Competitive Bid Advance, as a result of such revocation or failure, is
         not made on such date, but excluding, however, any such losses, costs
         and expenses resulting from any such revocation or failure which has
         occurred more than 60 days prior to demand being made to the Borrower
         by such Lender for indemnification. The payment of such indemnity to a
         Lender shall be made within 30 days of a demand by such Lender
         complying with Section 8.04(d).

                  (b) Each Competitive Bid Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof
and, following the making of each Competitive Bid Borrowing, the Borrower shall
be in compliance with the limitation set forth in the proviso to the first
sentence of Section 2.03(a).

                  (c) Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this
Section 2.03, the Borrower may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.03,
repay or prepay pursuant to subsection (d) below, and reborrow under this
Section 2.03; provided that, subject to Section 2.01, a Competitive Bid
Borrowing shall not be made within three Business Days of the date of any other
Competitive Bid Borrowing.

                  (d) The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the account of
each Lender that has made a Competitive Bid Advance, on the maturity date of
each Competitive Bid Advance (such maturity date being that specified by the
Borrower for repayment of such Competitive Bid Advance in the related Notice of
Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(i) and provided
in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance), the then
unpaid principal amount of such Competitive Bid Advance. The Borrower shall have
no right to prepay any principal amount of any Competitive Bid Advance unless,
and then only on the terms, specified by the Borrower for such Competitive Bid
Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered pursuant to
Section 2.03(a)(i) and set forth in the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such
Competitive Bid Advance.

                  (e) The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal
amount of each Competitive Bid Advance from the date of such Competitive Bid
Advance to the date the principal amount of such Competitive Bid Advance is
repaid in full, at the rate of interest for such Competitive Bid Advance
specified by the Lender making such Competitive Bid Advance in its notice with
respect thereto delivered pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(ii), payable on the
interest payment date or dates specified by the Borrower for such Competitive
Bid Advance in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing delivered
pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(i), as provided in the Competitive Bid Note
evidencing such Competitive Bid Advance. Unless otherwise specified by the
Borrower in the related Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the
Borrower shall pay interest on the amount of unpaid principal of and interest on
each Competitive Bid Advance owing to a Lender, payable in arrears on the date
or dates interest is payable thereon, at a rate per annum equal at all times to
2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Competitive
Bid Advance under the terms of the Competitive Bid Note evidencing such
Competitive Bid Advance.

                  (f) The indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each
Competitive Bid Advance made to the Borrower as part of a Competitive Bid
Borrowing shall be evidenced by a separate Competitive Bid Note of the Borrower
payable to the order of the Lender making such Competitive Bid Advance.

                  (g) Upon delivery of each Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing,
the Borrower shall pay a non-refundable fee of $3,500 to the Agent for its own
account.

                  SECTION 2.04. Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for
the account of each Lender a facility fee on the aggregate amount of such
Lender's Commitment from the date hereof in the case of each Initial Lender and
from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to
which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination
Date at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage in effect from time
to time, payable in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and
December commencing June 30, 1999, and on the Termination Date.

                  (b) Available Amount Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Agent
for the account of each Lender a fee on such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the
average daily aggregate Available Amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding
from time to time at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin in effect
from time to time for Eurodollar Rate Advances, payable in arrears on the last
day of each March, June, September and December, commencing June 30, 1999, and
on the Termination Date.

                  SECTION 2.05. Termination or Reduction of the Commitments. The
Borrower shall have the right, (i) upon at least three Business Days' notice to
the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions
of the respective Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders and (ii) upon
notice on any Business Day to the Agent and an Issuing Bank, to terminate in
whole or in part the Letter of Credit Commitment of such Issuing Bank; provided
that each partial reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be in the
aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof; provided further that the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit
Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than
the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the Competitive Bid Advances then
outstanding and the aggregate of the then Available Amounts of all Letters of
Credit.

                  SECTION 2.06. Repayment of the Revolving Credit Advances . The
Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the
Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances
then outstanding.

                  SECTION 2.07. Interest on the Revolving Credit Advances. (a)
Scheduled Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal
amount of each Revolving Credit Advance owing to each Lender from the date of
such Revolving Credit Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full,
at the following rates per annum:

                  (i) Base Rate Advances. During such periods as such Revolving
         Credit Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all
         times to the sum of (x) the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus
         (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in
         arrears on the last day of each March, June, September and December
         during such periods and on the date such Base Rate Advance shall be
         Converted or paid in full.

                  (ii) Eurodollar Rate Advances. During such periods as such
         Revolving Credit Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum
         equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Revolving
         Credit Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest
         Period for such Revolving Credit Advance plus (y) the Applicable Margin
         in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such
         Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more
         than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period
         every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on
         the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in
         full.
                  (b) Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default under Section 6.01(a), the Borrower shall pay
interest on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Credit Advance and
Competitive Bid Advance owing to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates
referred to in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all
times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such
Revolving Credit Advance pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other
amount payable hereunder or under any Note that is not paid when due, from the
date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable
in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a
rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum
required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i) above.

                  SECTION 2.08. Interest Rate Determination. (a) Each Reference
Bank agrees to furnish to the Agent, at its request, timely information for the
purpose of determining each Eurodollar Rate and LIBO Rate. If any one or more of
the Reference Banks shall not furnish such timely information to the Agent for
the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Agent shall determine
such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the remaining
Reference Banks. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the
Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of
Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference
Bank for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii)
or for a LIBO Rate Advance.

                  (b) If (i) the Agent is unable for any reason to determine the
Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period, (ii) if applicable, fewer than two
Reference Banks furnish timely information to the Agent for determining the
Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.08(a) or (iii) the
Required Lenders notify the Agent by 12:00 noon (London time) two Business Days
prior to the first day of any Interest Period that the Required Lenders were
unable to obtain, at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on such Business Day
and at the applicable Eurodollar Rate, U.S. dollar deposits for a period equal
to such Interest Period and in amounts substantially equal to such Required
Lenders' respective Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the Revolving
Credit Borrowing to be outstanding during such Interest Period, the Agent shall
promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of such event, whereupon:

                  (A) within five Business Days of receipt of such notification,
         the Agent and the Borrower shall enter into good faith negotiations for
         a period of 15 days (or such shorter period as is required to agree to
         the alternative basis referred to in this clause (A)) with a view to
         agreeing on an alternative basis for determining the rate of interest
         applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Advances;

                  (B) any alternative basis agreed under clause (A) above with
         the approval of the Required Lenders and any interest rate determined
         pursuant thereto will be binding on all the parties hereto and will be
         retroactive to, and take effect from, the first day of the applicable
         Interest Period;

                  (C) if no alternative basis is agreed under clause (A) above
         within the 15-day period there specified, the Agent, upon instructions
         of the Required Lenders, shall, on behalf of each of the Lenders, set
         forth an alternative basis for determining the rate of interest
         applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Advances on or before the last day
         of the Interest Period to which the notification relates or, if
         earlier, within ten days after the expiration of the 15-day period set
         forth in clause (A) above. Each Lender shall certify to the Agent and
         to the Borrower such Lender's actual cost of funds for funding its
         applicable Eurodollar Rate Advances, and the Required Lenders shall
         certify to the Agent and the Borrower in reasonable detail the
         alternative basis for determining the rate of interest to be applicable
         to such Eurodollar Rate Advances and such interest rate as so
         determined;

                  (D) any interest rate determined pursuant to clause (C) above
         shall not, in any event, exceed (x) the Required Lenders' reasonable
         determination of the cost to the Lenders, as certified by them pursuant
         to clause (C) above, of funding their applicable Eurodollar Rate
         Advances plus (y) the Applicable Margin;

                  (E) each alternative basis so certified and each interest rate
         determined pursuant thereto shall be binding on the Borrower and the
         Lenders and shall be retroactive to, and take effect from, the first
         day of the applicable Interest Period; and

                  (F) so long as any alternative basis referred to above is in
         force, the Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the Required
         Lenders, shall from time to time, but not less frequently than monthly,
         review whether or not the circumstances referred to in this Section
         2.08(b) still prevail with a view to returning to the normal provisions
         of this Agreement in relation to the method of determining interest as
         soon as practicably possible.

                  (c) If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any
Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the
provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01,
then on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor the longest
Interest Period not longer than three months that the Borrower could have
selected for such Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with such provisions
shall be applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Advances or, if the Borrower could
not have selected any Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advances in
accordance with such provisions, such Eurodollar Rate Advances will
automatically, on such last day, Convert into Base Rate Advances, and the Agent
shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders thereof.

                  (d) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount
of Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by
payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000, such Advances
shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.

                  (e) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any
Event of Default (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance and LIBO Rate Advance will
automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor,
Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make,
or to Convert Eurodollar Rate Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be
suspended until all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

                  SECTION 2.09. Optional Conversion of the Revolving Credit
Advances. The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent
not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior
to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections
2.08 and 2.12, Convert all Revolving Credit Advances of one Type comprising the
same Borrowing into Revolving Credit Advances of the other Type; provided,
however, that any Conversion of Eurodollar Rate Advances into Base Rate Advances
shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar
Rate Advances, any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate
Advances shall be in an amount not less than the minimum amount specified in
Section 2.02(b). Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions
specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Revolving
Credit Advances to be Converted, and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar
Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such
Revolving Credit Advance.

                  SECTION 2.10. Optional Prepayments of the Revolving Credit
Advances. The Borrower may, upon at least three Business Days' notice (in the
case of Eurodollar Rate Advances) or one Business Day's notice (in the case of
Base Rate Advances) to the Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate
principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Borrower
shall, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Advances
comprising part of the same Revolving Credit Borrowing in whole or ratably in
part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the
principal amount prepaid; provided, however, that (x) each partial prepayment
shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (y) in the event of any such prepayment of a
Eurodollar Rate Advance, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the
Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c).

                  SECTION 2.11. Increased Costs. The Borrower agrees to
indemnify each Lender for its actual and documented increased costs that are the
result of a change of Law or in the official interpretation thereof or
compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other
governmental authority having jurisdiction over such Lender (whether or not
having the force of law) adopted or made (i) in the case of the Initial Lender,
after the date of this Agreement, (ii) in the case of any other Lender, after
the date such Lender shall have become a party to this Agreement by executing
and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, and (iii) in the case of a Lender
which has a Competitive Bid Advance outstanding, after the date of such Lender's
offer with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance pursuant to Section 2.03,
which costs are reasonably incurred by such Lender and are the result of (x)
such Lender agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Eurodollar Rate
Advances or, unless otherwise specified by the Borrower in the related Notice of
Competitive Bid Borrowing, LIBO Rate Advances or (y) any increase in the amount
of capital required to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation
controlling such Lender, based upon the existence of such Lender's commitment to
lend hereunder and other commitments of this type, to the extent that such
Lender reasonably determines such increase in capital to be allocable to the
existence of such Lender's commitment to lend hereunder). The foregoing
indemnity shall not apply to (A) any such change of Law or interpretation or any
adoption or making of any such guideline or request that is anticipated on the
applicable date set forth above, (B) any period or periods ending more than 120
days prior to demand for indemnification being made or (C) any such increased
costs resulting from (a) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to which Section 2.14 shall
govern) or (b) changes in the basis of taxation of overall net income or overall
gross income by the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under
the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its Applicable Lending Office
or any political subdivision thereof). The Borrower shall from time to time,
within 30 days following demand by such Lender complying with Section 8.04(d)
(with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of
such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such
increased costs.

                  SECTION 2.12. Illegality. If as a result of a change in Law or
in the official interpretation thereof (i) in the case of the Initial Lender,
after the date of this Agreement, (ii) in the case of any other Lender, after
the date such Lender shall have become a party to this Agreement by executing
and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, and (iii) in the case of a Lender
which has a Competitive Bid Advance outstanding, after the date of such Lender's
offer with respect to such Competitive Bid Advance pursuant to Section 2.03, it
shall have become unlawful, or if after the applicable date set forth above any
central bank or other governmental authority having jurisdiction over such
Lender asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender to (i) allow all or part of
its commitment to make Eurodollar Rate Advances to remain outstanding or (ii)
make, fund or allow to remain outstanding all or part of its Eurodollar Rate
Advances, such Lender may notify the Borrower and the Agent thereof in
reasonable detail (together with supporting documentation) of such event,
whereupon:

                  (x) such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment shall be
         suspended and, 45 days following such notification, shall be canceled
         if such unlawfulness shall then be continuing; and

                  (y) the Borrower will prepay such Lender's Advances at the
         time or times and to the extent necessary to avoid such unlawfulness,
         together with unpaid accrued interest thereon, unpaid accrued fees and
         any other amounts due and payable to such Lender, unless, in either
         case, prior thereto, the Borrower shall have given notice to such
         Lender that the Borrower will require such Lender to assign and
         transfer all of its interests in this Agreement pursuant to Section
         8.07(b) and shall have caused such Lender to have so assigned and
         transferred such interests.

                  SECTION 2.13. Payments and Computations. (a) The Borrower
shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes not later than 11:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars to the Agent at the
Agent's Account in same day funds. The Agent will promptly thereafter cause to
be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or
facility fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.02(c),
2.03, 2.04, 2.11, 2.14 or 8.04) to the Lenders for the account of their
respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of
any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its
Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. Upon its acceptance of an Assignment and Acceptance and
recording of the information contained therein in the Register pursuant to
Section 8.07(d), from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment
and Acceptance, the Agent shall make all payments hereunder and under the
Revolving Credit Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to the Lender
assignee thereunder, and the parties to such Assignment and Acceptance shall
make all appropriate adjustments in such payments for periods prior to such
effective date directly between themselves.

                  (b) All computations of interest based on the Base Rate shall
be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may
be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate, the LIBO Rate
or the Federal Funds Rate and of facility fees shall be made by the Agent on the
basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days
(including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for
which such interest or facility fees are payable. Each determination by the
Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.

                  (c) Whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be
stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made
on the next succeeding Business Day; provided, however, that, if such extension
would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances or
LIBO Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment
shall be made on the next preceding Business Day. Any such extension or
reduction of time shall be included in the computation of payment of interest or
facility fee, as the case may be.

                  (d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the
Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders hereunder
that the Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Agent may assume that
the Borrower has made such payment in full to the Agent on such date and the
Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each
Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If
and to the extent the Borrower shall not have so made such payment in full to
the Agent, each Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount
distributed to such Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the
date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays
such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

     SECTION 2.14. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by the Borrower  hereunder or
under  the  Notes  shall be made,  in  accordance  with  Section  2.13,  without
deduction for any Taxes or Other Taxes (each as defined below).

     "Taxes"  means  any and all  present  or  future  taxes,  levies,  imposts,
deductions,  charges or withholdings with respect to any payment by the Borrower
pursuant  to this  Agreement  or any  Note,  and all  liabilities  with  respect
thereto,  excluding (i) in the case of each Lender and the Agent,  taxes imposed
on its  income,  net worth or gross  receipts  and  franchise  or similar  taxes
imposed on it by a jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or the Agent
(as the case may be) is organized or in which its principal  executive office is
located or any political  subdivision thereof or, in the case of each Lender, in
which its  Applicable  Lending  Office is located or any  political  subdivision
thereof and (ii) in the case of each Lender any United  States  withholding  tax
imposed on such  payments  except to the extent  that such  Lender is subject to
United States withholding tax by reason of a U.S. Tax Law Change.

     "Other  Taxes" means any present or future stamp or  documentary  taxes and
any other excise or property taxes,  or similar  charges or levies,  which arise
from any payment made  pursuant to this  Agreement or under any Note or from the
execution or delivery of, or  otherwise  with respect to, this  Agreement or any
Note.

     "U.S.  Tax Law Change" means with respect to any Lender the  occurrence (x)
in the case of the Initial Lender, after the date of this Agreement,  (y) in the
case of any other  Lender,  after the date such Lender shall have become a party
to this Agreement by executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance,  and
(z) in the case of a Lender  that has a  Competitive  Bid  Advance  outstanding,
after the date of such  Lender's  offer  with  respect to such  Competitive  Bid
Advance  pursuant to Section  2.03,  of the  adoption of any  applicable  United
States federal law or regulation relating to taxation,  or any change therein or
in the official interpretation thereof, or the entry into force, modification or
revocation of any income tax  convention or treaty to which the United States is
a party.

     If the Borrower shall be required by Law to deduct any Taxes or Other Taxes
from or in respect of any sum payable  hereunder or under any Note to any Lender
or the Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that
after  making  all  required  deductions  (including  deductions  applicable  to
additional  sums payable  under this Section  2.14) such Lender or the Agent (as
the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have  received had
no such  deductions  been made,  (ii) the Borrower  shall make such  deductions,
(iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount  deducted to the relevant  taxation
authority or other  authority in  accordance  with  applicable  law and (iv) the
Borrower shall furnish to the Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.02,
the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof.

     (b) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender and the Agent for the full
amount  of  actual  and  documented  Taxes or Other  Taxes  (including,  without
limitation,  taxes of any kind imposed by any  jurisdiction  on amounts  payable
under this  Section  2.14) paid by such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be)
as the result of any U.S. Tax Law Change and any actual and documented liability
(including  penalties,  interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect
thereto  paid by such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be),  but  excluding,
however,  any Taxes or Other Taxes so paid by such Lender or the Agent more than
120 days prior to demand  being made to the Borrower by such Lender or the Agent
for indemnification.  The payment of such indemnity shall be made within 30 days
from the date such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand
therefor complying with Section 8.04(d).

     (c) Each  Lender  organized  under the laws of a  jurisdiction  outside the
United  States,  on or prior to the date of its  execution  and delivery of this
Agreement  in the case of the Initial  Lender and on the date of the  Assignment
and  Acceptance  pursuant  to which it becomes a Lender in the case of any other
Lender, and from time to time thereafter as requested in writing by the Borrower
or the Agent (but only so long as such Lender  remains  lawfully able to do so),
shall  provide each of the Agent and the Borrower  with two  completed  and duly
executed  original  Internal  Revenue  Service  forms 1001,  4224 or W-8BEN,  as
appropriate,  or any successor or other form prescribed by the Internal  Revenue
Service,  or other  documentation  reasonably  requested  by the Borrower or the
Agent,  certifying that such Lender is exempt from or entitled to a reduced rate
of United States  withholding tax on payments  pursuant to this Agreement or the
Notes.  If the form provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a
party to this Agreement indicates a United States interest  withholding tax rate
in excess of zero,  withholding  tax at such rate shall be  considered  excluded
from  Taxes  unless  and  until  such  Lender  provides  the  appropriate  forms
certifying that a lesser rate applies,  whereupon withholding tax at such lesser
rate only shall be considered  excluded from Taxes for periods  governed by such
form. If any form or document  referred to in this  subsection  (c) requires the
disclosure of information,  other than information  necessary to compute the tax
payable and information  required on the date hereof by Internal Revenue Service
form  1001,  4224  or  W-8BEN,  that  the  Lender  reasonably  considers  to  be
confidential, the Lender shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and shall not
be obligated to include in such form or document such confidential information.

     (d) For any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the
Borrower with the appropriate form or document (or information  required by such
form or document)  described in Section  2.14(c)  (other than if such failure is
due to a U.S.  Tax Law  Change),  such Lender  shall not be entitled to payments
without deduction and indemnification  under Section 2.14(a) or (b) with respect
to any Taxes or Other Taxes  which would not have been  payable had such form or
document (or information required thereby) been so provided;  provided, however,
that  should a Lender,  which is  otherwise  exempt from or subject to a reduced
rate of  withholding  tax,  become  subject to Taxes  because of its  failure to
deliver a form or document (or information required thereby) required hereunder,
the Borrower  shall take such  reasonable  steps as the Lender shall  request to
assist the Lender to recover such Taxes (it being understood,  however, that the
Borrower shall have no liability to such Lender in respect of such Taxes).

     (e) If the Borrower is required to indemnify or pay  additional  amounts to
or for the account of any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14, then such Lender
will take such action  (including  changing the  jurisdiction  of its Applicable
Lending Office) as in the reasonable  judgment of such Lender (i) will eliminate
or reduce any such  additional  payment which may thereafter  accrue and (ii) is
not otherwise commercially unreasonable.

     (f) Each Lender and the Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain in
a timely  fashion any refund,  deduction  or credit of any Taxes and Other Taxes
paid or reimbursed by the Borrower  pursuant to this Section 2.14. If any Lender
or the Agent  receives a benefit in the nature of a refund,  deduction or credit
(including a refund in the form of a deduction from or credit against taxes that
are  otherwise  payable by the Lender or the Agent) of any Taxes or Other  Taxes
with respect to which the Borrower has made a payment under  Section  2.14(a) or
(b),  such  Lender  or the Agent (as the case may be)  agrees to  reimburse  the
Borrower  to the  extent of the  benefit  of such  refund,  deduction  or credit
promptly after the Agent or such Lender reasonably  determines that such refund,
deduction or credit has become final; provided,  however, that nothing contained
in this paragraph (f) shall require any Lender or the Agent (as the case may be)
to make  available  its tax  returns (or any other  information  relating to its
taxes  which it deems to be  confidential)  or to  attempt  to  obtain  any such
refund,  deduction  or credit,  which  attempt  would be  inconsistent  with any
reporting position otherwise taken by the Agent or such Lender on its applicable
tax returns.

     SECTION  2.15.  Sharing of  Payments,  Etc. If any Lender  shall obtain any
payment (whether  voluntary,  involuntary,  through the exercise of any right of
set-off,  or otherwise) on account of the Revolving  Credit Advances owing to it
(other than  pursuant to Section 2.04,  2.11,  2.14 or 8.04(c)) in excess of its
ratable share of payments on account of the Revolving  Credit Advances  obtained
by all the Lenders,  such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders
such  participations  in the Revolving Credit Advances owing to them as shall be
necessary to cause such  purchasing  Lender to share the excess payment  ratably
with each of them; provided,  however, that if all or any portion of such excess
payment is thereafter  recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from
each Lender  shall be rescinded  and such Lender  shall repay to the  purchasing
Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount
equal to such  Lender's  ratable share  (according to the  proportion of (i) the
amount of such Lender's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered
from the  purchasing  Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by
the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered.  The Borrower
agrees  that any  Lender so  purchasing  a  participation  from  another  Lender
pursuant  to this  Section  2.15 may, to the fullest  extent  permitted  by law,
exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off) with respect
to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the
Borrower in the amount of such participation.

     SECTION  2.16.  Use of  Proceeds.  The  proceeds of the  Advances  shall be
available for general corporate purposes of the Borrower.

     SECTION 2.17.  Letters of Credit.  (a) The Letter of Credit Facility.  Each
Issuing Bank  severally  agrees,  on the terms and  conditions  hereinafter  set
forth,  to issue  letters of credit (the "Letters of Credit") for the account of
the  Borrower  from time to time on any  Business Day during the period from the
date  hereof  until 10 days  before  the  Termination  Date (i) in an  aggregate
Available  Amount for all Letters of Credit  issued by such  Issuing Bank not to
exceed at any time such  Issuing  Bank's  Letter of Credit  Commitment  (or such
greater amount as such Issuing Bank shall agree) and (ii) in an Available Amount
for each  such  Letter of Credit  not to  exceed an amount  equal to the  Unused
Revolving  Credit  Commitments  of the Lenders at such time. No Letter of Credit
shall have an  expiration  date  (including  all rights of the  Borrower  or the
beneficiary to require renewal) later than the earlier of (A) 10 days before the
Termination  Date and (B) (i) one year after the date of issuance  thereof  (but
such Letter of Credit may by its terms be  automatically  renewable  at any time
upon notice (a "Notice of  Renewal")  given to the Issuing Bank that issued such
Letter of Credit and the Agent on or prior to any date for notice of renewal set
forth in such  Letter of Credit but in any event at least  three  Business  Days
prior to the date of the  proposed  renewal  of such  Letter of Credit  and upon
fulfillment  of the  applicable  conditions set forth in Article III unless such
Issuing Bank has notified the Borrower (with a copy to the Agent) on or prior to
the date for notice of termination set forth in such Letter of Credit but in any
event at least 30 Business  Days prior to the date of  automatic  renewal of its
election not to renew such Letter of Credit (a "Notice of Termination")) or (ii)
more than one year after the date of issuance thereof,  provided (x) such Letter
of Credit  shall  effectively  provide  that the  Agent  may,  upon the  written
direction of the  Required  Banks,  require,  on at least three  Business  Days'
written notice to the relevant  Issuing Bank and the  beneficiary of such Letter
of Credit,  that the Available  Amount  thereof be drawn upon the occurrence and
during the  continuance of an Event of Default  specified in Section 6.01(f) and
(y) the Agent shall have been  furnished a copy of such Letter of Credit and the
addresses of such Issuing Bank and beneficiary at which the foregoing notice may
be given; provided that the terms of each Letter of Credit that is automatically
renewable  annually  may (x) require the Issuing Bank that issued such Letter of
Credit to give the  beneficiary  named in such  Letter  of Credit  notice of any
Notice of  Termination  and (y) permit such  beneficiary,  upon  receipt of such
notice,  to draw under such  Letter of Credit  prior to the date such  Letter of
Credit otherwise would have been  automatically  renewed,  provided further that
the terms of any such  Letter of Credit  shall not  permit the  expiration  date
(after giving effect to any renewal) of such Letter of Credit in any event to be
extended to a date after the date  referred to in clause (A) above.  If either a
Notice of Renewal is not given by the  Borrower  or a Notice of  Termination  is
given  by the  relevant  Issuing  Bank  pursuant  to the  immediately  preceding
sentence  with respect to a Letter of Credit  described in clause  (B)(i) above,
such Letter of Credit shall provide that it shall expire on the date on which it
otherwise would have been automatically renewed.

     (b)  Request  for  Issuance.  Each  Letter of Credit  shall be issued  upon
notice,  given not later  than  11:00  A.M.  (New York City  time) on the second
Business  Day  prior to the date of the  proposed  issuance  of such  Letter  of
Credit,  by the Borrower to the  relevant  Issuing Bank or by such later time or
date as may be agreed by the Borrower and such Issuing  Bank.  Such Issuing Bank
shall give prompt notice  thereof to the Agent,  which shall in turn give prompt
notice thereof to the Lenders,  by telecopier.  Each such notice by the Borrower
of  issuance  of a  Letter  of  Credit  (a  "Notice  of  Issuance")  shall be by
telephone, confirmed immediately by telecopier, specifying therein the requested
(A) date of such issuance (which shall be a Business Day), (B) Available  Amount
of such Letter of Credit, (C) expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (D) name
and  address of the  beneficiary  of such  Letter of Credit and (E) form of such
Letter of Credit, and shall be accompanied by such application and agreement for
letter of credit,  if any, as the  Borrower  and such Issuing Bank may agree for
use in connection with such requested  Letter of Credit (in each case, a "Letter
of  Credit  Agreement").  If the  requested  form of such  Letter  of  Credit is
reasonably  acceptable  to  such  Issuing  Bank  and  otherwise  complies  or is
consistent with the  requirements of this Section,  such Issuing Bank will, upon
fulfillment  of the  applicable  conditions  set forth in Article III, make such
Letter of Credit  available to the Borrower at its office referred to in Section
8.02 or as otherwise agreed with the Borrower in connection with such issuance.

     (c) Drawing and  Reimbursement.  (i) Each  payment by an Issuing  Bank of a
draft  included in Drawing  Documents  presented  to it under a Letter of Credit
shall be deemed to be a Revolving  Credit  Advance made by it and is referred to
herein as a "Letter of Credit Advance".

     (ii) Each Issuing Bank shall give to the Borrower and the Agent a notice of
its  receipt of Drawing  Documents  and a further  notice  (an  "Issuing  Bank's
Notice")  promptly after such Issuing Bank determines to make a Letter of Credit
Advance of (A) the amount of such Letter of Credit  Advance and (B) the Business
Day (the  "Letter of Credit  Advance  Date") on which the Issuing Bank will make
such Letter of Credit  Advance.  Upon receipt by the Agent of an Issuing  Bank's
Notice,  the Agent  shall  give to the  Lenders a notice (an  "Agent's  Notice")
specifying  (w) the Letter of Credit  Advance  Date on which the  Lenders  shall
purchase  their  respective  Pro Rata Shares of such Letter of Credit Advance as
provided  below,  (x) in accordance  with clauses (iii) and (iv) below,  whether
such Letter of Credit  Advance shall  constitute a Eurodollar  Rate Advance or a
Base Rate  Advance  and, if a  Eurodollar  Rate  Advance,  the  Interest  Period
therefor  and (y) the amount  specified  in such  Issuing  Bank's  Notice as the
amount of such Letter of Credit  Advance.  Each Lender shall  purchase from such
Issuing Bank such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit Advance as of
such Letter of Credit  Advance Date by making  available  for the account of its
Applicable  Lending Office to the Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank, by
deposit  to the  Agent's  Account,  in same day funds,  an amount  equal to such
Lenders' Pro Rata Share of the amount of such Letter of Credit Advance, and such
Issuing  Bank  shall be deemed to have sold and  assigned  to each  Lender  such
Lender's  Pro Rata Share of such  Letter of Credit  Advance as of such Letter of
Credit  Advance  Date.  Promptly  after  receipt of such funds,  the Agent shall
transfer them to such Issuing Bank. The Borrower hereby agrees to each such sale
and  assignment.  The Agent shall  record each such sale and  assignment  in the
Register. Each Lender agrees to pay for its Pro Rata Share of a Letter of Credit
Advance  on the  related  Letter of Credit  Advance  Date,  provided  that if an
Agent's  Notice  specifies  that  such  payment  is to be made on the date  such
Agent's  Notice is given and such Agent's  Notice is given after 11:00 A.M. (New
York City time) on such date,  each Lender shall make such payment by 10:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the first  Business Day following  such Letter of Credit
Advance  Date.  Upon any such  assignment  by an Issuing Bank to any Lender of a
portion of a Letter of Credit Advance, such Issuing Bank represents and warrants
to such other Lender that such Issuing Bank is the legal and beneficial owner of
such interest  being  assigned by it, free and clear of any liens,  but makes no
other  representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility  with respect to
such Letter of Credit Advance, the Loan Documents or the Borrower. If and to the
extent  that any Lender  shall not have so made its Pro Rata Share of the amount
of such Letter of Credit Advance available to the Agent on such Letter of Credit
Advance Date, such Lender agrees to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand and for
the account of such Issuing Bank such amount together with interest thereon, for
each day from such Letter of Credit  Advance  Date until the date such amount is
paid to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

     (iii) (x) If an Issuing Bank gives to the Borrower and the Agent an Issuing
Bank's  Notice and the Borrower  specifies by notice to the Agent not later than
11:00 A.M.  (New York City time) on the third  Business Day prior to the date of
the related  Letter of Credit  Advance  (a) that such  Letter of Credit  Advance
shall be a Eurodollar  Rate Advance and (b) the Interest Period  therefor,  such
Letter of Credit  Advance shall,  subject to clause (iv) below,  be a Eurodollar
Rate Advance  having such Interest  Period and the Agent shall so specify in the
related Agent's Notice.

     (y) If the Borrower shall specify in accordance  with the preceding  clause
(x) that a Letter of Credit Advance shall be a Eurodollar Rate Advance but shall
not specify in  accordance  with the  preceding  clause (x) the Interest  Period
therefor,  the Borrower,  subject to clause (iv) below,  shall be deemed to have
specified  in  accordance  with the  preceding  clause (x) the longest  Interest
Period not longer than three  months that the Borrower  could have  selected for
the related Eurodollar Rate Advance in accordance with the provisions  contained
in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01.

     (iv) If an  Issuing  Bank  gives to the  Borrower  and the Agent an Issuing
Bank's Notice and (x)  thereafter the Borrower does not specify by notice to the
Agent not later than 11:00 A.M.  (New York City time) on the third  Business Day
prior to the date of the related  Letter of Credit  Advance  that such Letter of
Credit Advance shall be a Eurodollar  Rate Advance or (y) the period between the
date of the related  Letter of Credit Advance and the  Termination  Date is less
than one month,  such Letter of Credit  Advance  will be a Base Rate Advance and
the Agent shall so specify in the related Agent's Notice.

     (d) The Borrower's  obligations  hereunder and under the Notes shall not be
affected by any  circumstance  or happening (i) related to or arising out of any
Letter  of  Credit,  Letter  of  Credit  Agreement,   Drawing  Document  or  any
transaction  contemplated  thereby or (ii)  related to any  Issuing  Bank or any
beneficiary  or  transferee  of  any  Letter  of  Credit,   including,   without
limitation, the following:

     (v) the  existence of any claim,  set-off,  defense or other right that the
Borrower may have against any  beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit
or any Issuing Bank,  whether in connection with a Letter of Credit, the related
Letter of Credit Agreement or otherwise;

     (w) any  statement  or any other  document  presented  under any  Letter of
Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent,  invalid or insufficient in any respect
or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

     (x)  payment  by  any  Issuing  Bank  under  a  Letter  of  Credit  against
presentation  of Drawing  Documents  that do not  comply  with the terms of such
Letter of Credit; or

     (y) any  exchange,  release  or  non-perfection  of any  Letter  of  Credit
Collateral; provided that none of these provisions of this Section 2.17(d) shall
impair any claim,  set-off,  defense or other right that the  Borrower  may have
against a beneficiary or transferee of a Letter of Credit or an Issuing Bank.

                                   ARTICLE III

              CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND EXTENSIONS OF CREDIT

     SECTION  3.01.  Conditions  Precedent  to  Effectiveness  of Section  2.01.
Section 2.01 of this  Agreement  shall  become  effective on and as of the first
date (the  "Effective  Date") on which the following  conditions  precedent have
been satisfied:

     (a) The Borrower  shall have  notified each Lender and the Agent in writing
as to the proposed Effective Date.

     (b) The Borrower shall have paid all accrued fees and expenses of the Agent
and the  Lenders  (including  the  accrued  fees and  expenses of counsel to the
Agent) that are then due and payable.

     (c) On the Effective Date, the representations and warranties  contained in
Section  4.01 shall be correct as though made on and as of the  Effective  Date,
and the Agent shall have  received for the account of each Lender a  certificate
to such effect signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower.

     (d) The Agent  shall  have  received  on or before the  Effective  Date the
following,  each dated such day and (except for the  Revolving  Credit Notes) in
sufficient copies for each Lender:

                    (i)  The   Revolving    Credit   Notes   to   the   Lenders,
                         respectively.

                    (ii) Certified  copies of the  certificate of  incorporation
                         and the bylaws of the Borrower.

                    (iii)Certified  copies  of the  resolutions  of the Board of
                         Directors of the Borrower  approving this Agreement and
                         the  Notes,  and  of  all  documents  evidencing  other
                         necessary corporate action and governmental  approvals,
                         if any,  with respect to this  Agreement and the Notes.
                         (iv) A  certificate  of the  Secretary  or an Assistant
                         Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true
                         signatures  of the officers of the Borrower  authorized
                         to sign  this  Agreement  and the  Notes  and the other
                         documents to be delivered hereunder.

                    (v)  An opinion of  Troutman  Sanders  LLP,  counsel for the
                         Borrower,  substantially  in  the  form  of  Exhibit  D
                         hereto.

                    (vi) An opinion  of  Shearman &  Sterling,  counsel  for the
                         Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E hereto.

     SECTION  3.02.  Condition  Precedent  to  Each  Extension  of  Credit.  The
obligation  of each Lender or Issuing  Bank to make an Extension of Credit shall
be  subject  to the  condition  precedent  that the  Effective  Date  shall have
occurred  and,  except with respect to  Revolving  Credit  Advances  made by the
Lenders under the  circumstances  contemplated by Section  2.17(c),  that on the
date of such Extension of Credit the representations and warranties contained in
Section  4.01  (except  those  contained  in Sections  4.01(h) and (j)) shall be
correct  on and as of the date of such  Extension  of  Credit,  before and after
giving effect to such Extension of Credit and to the application of the proceeds
therefrom,  as though made on and as of such date (and each of the giving of the
applicable  Notice  of  Borrowing  and the  acceptance  by the  Borrower  of the
proceeds of such  Borrowing  under Section 2.02 or of the  applicable  Letter of
Credit under Section 2.17(b) shall constitute a representation and warranty made
herein by the Borrower to such effect).

     SECTION  3.03.   Determinations   Under  Section  3.01.   For  purposes  of
determining  compliance  with the  conditions  specified in Section  3.01,  each
Lender  shall be deemed to have  consented  to,  approved  or  accepted or to be
satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented
to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer
of the Agent  responsible  for the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement
shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the date that the Borrower,
by notice to the Lenders,  designates as the proposed Effective Date, specifying
its  objection  thereto.  The Agent  shall  promptly  notify the  Lenders of the
occurrence of the Effective Date.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     SECTION 4.01.  Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. The Borrower
represents and warrants as follows:

     (a)  Organization.  The Borrower is a corporation  duly organized,  validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

     (b) Power and Authority.  The Borrower has the corporate  power to execute,
deliver and perform its  obligations  under this  Agreement and the Notes and to
take all action  necessary to consummate the  transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement and the Notes.

     (c) Due  Authorization.  The  execution,  delivery and  performance  by the
Borrower  of this  Agreement  and the Notes  have been  duly  authorized  by all
necessary  corporate  action  and do  not  (i)  contravene  its  certificate  of
incorporation  or bylaws or (ii) conflict with or contravene any Law to which it
is subject which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (d) Governmental Approval. No authorization or approval or other action by,
and no notice to or filing with, any governmental  authority is required for the
due  execution,  delivery and  performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and
the Notes,  except for those  which have been duly  obtained  or made and are in
full force and effect.

     (e) Binding and  Enforceable.  This Agreement and the Notes  constitute the
legal,  valid and binding  obligation  of the Borrower  enforceable  against the
Borrower  in  accordance  with  their  terms,  subject  to  laws  affecting  the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and to general principles of equity.

     (f) No Violation.  The execution,  delivery and performance by the Borrower
of this  Agreement and the Notes do not violate,  in a manner which would have a
Material Adverse Effect, any agreement binding on it.

     (g) No  Default.  No  Default  or  Event of  Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing  under this  Agreement,  other  than any  Default or Event of Default
which has been waived.

     (h) Litigation. No litigation,  arbitration or administrative proceeding is
currently pending or, to the Borrower's knowledge,  threatened against it (i) to
restrain the entry by the Borrower into, the enforcement of, or exercise of, any
rights by the Lenders or the Agent under,  or the  performance  or compliance by
the Borrower with any obligations  under,  this Agreement and the Notes, or (ii)
which has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (i) Financial Condition. The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and
its  consolidated   subsidiaries  as  at  December  31,  1998  and  the  related
consolidated  statements  of  income,  retained  earnings  and cash flow for the
fiscal year then ended,  heretofore furnished to the Lenders,  fairly present in
all material respects the consolidated  financial  condition of the Borrower and
its consolidated  subsidiaries as at said date and the  consolidated  results of
their operations for said fiscal year, in accordance with GAAP.

     (j) Material  Adverse Change.  There has been no material adverse change in
the business, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the
Borrower since December 31, 1998.

     (k)  Accuracy  of  Information.   To  the  Borrower's   knowledge  (i)  the
Information  Memorandum  (other than projections  included therein) was complete
and correct in all material  respects at the date thereof and (ii) all financial
projections contained in the Information  Memorandum were prepared in good faith
and based upon assumptions  which management of the Borrower  believed to be not
unreasonable  (it being  understood  that (w) such  projections  are  subject to
significant  uncertainties  and  contingencies,  many of which  are  beyond  the
Borrower's  control,  (x) no assurance can be given that the projections will be
realized and (y) no representation or warranty can be made as to the accuracy of
such projections).


                                    ARTICLE V

                            COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER

     SECTION  5.01.  Covenants  of the  Borrower.  So long as any Advance  shall
remain unpaid, any Lender shall have any Revolving Credit Commitment  hereunder,
any Issuing  Bank shall have a Letter of Credit  Commitment  hereunder  or there
shall remain any Available Amount under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower will:

     (a)  Ratio of Cash  Available  for  Corporate  Debt  Service  to  Corporate
Interest.  At the  end of each  fiscal  quarter  (including  the  fourth  fiscal
quarter) of the Borrower for which financial  statements have most recently been
delivered to the Agent by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(f) or (g), cause
the ratio of Cash Available for Corporate Debt Service to Corporate  Interest to
be at least  1.5:1.0,  calculated  for the period  comprised  of the four fiscal
quarters  ending on the date of such  financial  statements and with effect from
the date of such delivery of such financial statements.

     (b) Ratio of Recourse Debt to Recourse  Capital.  At the end of each fiscal
quarter  (including  the  fourth  fiscal  quarter)  of the  Borrower  for  which
financial  statements  have most  recently  been  delivered  to the Agent by the
Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(f) or (g), cause the ratio of Recourse Debt to
Recourse Capital to be not more than .55:1.00, calculated as of the date of such
financial  statements  and with  effect  from the date of such  delivery of such
financial statements.

     (c) Liens.  Not create or have outstanding any Lien on or over its non-cash
Assets to secure the payment of Debt except for:

                    (i)  Liens arising solely by operation of law or by order of
                         a court or tribunal or other governmental authority (or
                         by an agreement of similar effect);

                    (ii) Liens  arising in the  ordinary  course of  business or
                         operations,  in respect of overdue amounts which either
                         (A) have not been  overdue for more than 30 days or (B)
                         are being contested in good faith;

                    (iii)Liens created for the sole purpose of  refinancing  all
                         of the Advances;

                    (iv) Liens arising out of title retention or like provisions
                         in relation to the  acquisition  of goods or  equipment
                         acquired  in  the   ordinary   course  of  business  or
                         operations;

                    (v)  Liens  created or arising on  ownership  interests  and
                         documents  evidencing  ownership  interests  in  (i)  a
                         Person  which is the  primary  obligor  in  respect  of
                         Project Finance Debt or (ii) a Person substantially all
                         the Assets of which consist of ownership  interests and
                         documents  evidencing  ownership  interests  in  (x)  a
                         Person  described  in the  preceding  clause (i) or (y)
                         another  Person  described in this clause  (ii),  which
                         Liens secure such Project Finance Debt;

                    (vi) Liens on  deposits  to  secure,  or any Lien  otherwise
                         securing,  the  performance  of bids,  trade  contracts
                         (other  than for  borrowed  money),  leases,  statutory
                         obligations,  surety bonds,  appeal bonds,  performance
                         bonds and other  obligations of a like nature  incurred
                         in the ordinary course of business;

                    (vii)Liens securing reimbursement  obligations under letters
                         of  credit,   guarantees  and  other  forms  of  credit
                         enhancement given in the ordinary course of business;

                    (viii)  Liens  created  arising  over  any  Asset  which  is
                         acquired,  constructed or created by the Borrower,  but
                         only if (x) such Lien  secures only  principal  amounts
                         (not   exceeding   the   cost  of   such   acquisition,
                         construction  or  creation)  raised for the purposes of
                         such  acquisition,  construction or creation,  together
                         with any costs, expenses, interest and fees incurred in
                         relation  thereto  or  a  guarantee  given  in  respect
                         thereof,  (y) such  Lien is  created  or  arises  on or
                         before   90  days   after   the   completion   of  such
                         acquisition, construction or creation and (z) such Lien
                         is  confined   solely  to  the  property  so  acquired,
                         constructed or created;

                    (ix) Liens (x)  outstanding  on or over any  Asset  acquired
                         after the date hereof,  (y) in existence at the date of
                         such  acquisition  and (z) where the Borrower  does not
                         take any step to increase the principal  amount secured
                         thereby  from that so secured  and  outstanding  at the
                         time of such  acquisition  (other  than in the  case of
                         Liens for a  fluctuating  balance  facility,  by way of
                         utilization   of  that   facility   within  the  limits
                         applicable thereto at the time of acquisition);

                    (x)  Liens  constituted by a right of set off or rights over
                         a margin call account or any form of cash collateral or
                         any similar  arrangement  for  obligations  incurred in
                         respect of any  currency,  commodity  or interest  rate
                         swap, option, forward rate, or futures contracts or any
                         other  arrangement  for the  hedging or  management  of
                         risks entered into on commercial terms;

                    (xi) Liens in  favor  of a  plaintiff  or  defendant  in any
                         action before a court or tribunal as security for costs
                         or expenses  where such action is being  prosecuted  or
                         defended in the bona fide interest of the Borrower;

                    (xii)Liens described in any of  sub-paragraphs  (iv) through
                         (x) above or (xiii)  through  (xv) below and renewed or
                         extended  upon the renewal or extension or  refinancing
                         or replacement  of the  indebtedness  secured  thereby,
                         provided  that there is no  increase  in the  principal
                         amount of the  indebtedness  secured  thereby  over the
                         principal,    capital   or   nominal   amount   thereof
                         outstanding immediately prior to such refinancing;

                    (xiii)Liens existing on the date hereof;

                    (xiv)Liens on the property of a Person  existing at the time
                         such  Person is merged  into or  consolidated  with the
                         Borrower  and not incurred in  contemplation  with such
                         merger or consolidation; and

                    (xv) Liens created or  outstanding  on or over Assets of the
                         Borrower   provided  that  the  aggregate   outstanding
                         principal,  capital  or nominal  amount  secured by all
                         Liens created or outstanding  under this clause (xv) on
                         or over  Assets of the  Borrower  shall not at any time
                         exceed 15% of the Borrower's Consolidated Net Worth.

     (d)  Compliance  with  Law.  Comply  with  the  requirements  of  the  Laws
applicable to the Borrower in the conduct of its  business,  where failure to do
so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (e) Maintenance of Existence.  Preserve and maintain its legal existence as
a corporation,  except that the Borrower may be merged or  consolidated  with or
into another  corporation  if the  continuing  or surviving  corporation  is the
Borrower or expressly  assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this
Agreement  and the Notes and if  immediately  before  the  consummation  of such
transaction there is no Default or Event of Default and such consummation  shall
not result in a Default or Event of Default.

     (f) Annual Financial Statements, Etc. Within 120 days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Borrower  (beginning  with the first fiscal year ending after
the  date  hereof),  deliver  to  the  Agent  copies  for  the  Lenders  of  its
consolidated financial statements as of the end of and for such fiscal year duly
certified  by the  independent  accountants  of  the  Borrower.  Such  financial
statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and shall be accompanied by
certificates of the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the comptroller of
the Borrower as to compliance with the terms of this Agreement and setting forth
in reasonable detail the calculations  necessary to demonstrate  compliance with
Sections 5.01(a) and (b).

     (g) Interim Financial Statements, Etc. Within 60 days after the end of each
of the  first  three  fiscal  quarters  of  each  fiscal  year  of the  Borrower
(beginning  with the first such  fiscal  quarter to end after the date  hereof),
deliver  to the Agent  copies  for the  Lenders  of its  unaudited  consolidated
financial statements as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter duly certified
(subject to year-end  adjustments) by the chief financial officer, the treasurer
or the  comptroller  of the Borrower as having been prepared in accordance  with
GAAP.  Such financial  statements  shall be accompanied by  certificates  of the
chief financial officer,  the treasurer or the comptroller of the Borrower as to
compliance  with the terms of this  Agreement  and setting  forth in  reasonable
detail the  calculations  necessary  to  demonstrate  compliance  with  Sections
5.01(a) and (b).

     (h)  Other  Information.  Deliver  to  the  Agent  as  soon  as  reasonably
practicable  such other  information  relating  to the then  existing  financial
condition  of the Borrower and its  consolidated  Subsidiaries  as the Agent may
from time to time reasonably  request except such  information the disclosure of
which is prohibited by Law.

     (i) Notice of Default.  Promptly, and in any event within 10 Business Days,
notify the Agent of the  occurrence  of any Default or Event of Default of which
the chief  financial  officer,  treasurer  or  comptroller  of the  Borrower has
knowledge.

     (j)  Incurrence  of Recourse  Debt,  Etc. Not (i) incur any  Recourse  Debt
(other than  Recourse  Debt the proceeds of which are applied to the  concurrent
repayment of Recourse Debt),  (ii) declare or make any dividend payment or other
distribution of assets,  properties,  cash, rights, obligations or securities on
account  of any shares of any class of capital  stock of the  Borrower  or (iii)
purchase,  redeem or  otherwise  acquire  for  value any  shares of any class of
capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants,  rights or options to acquire any
such  shares,  now or  hereafter  outstanding  except that the  Borrower may (x)
declare and make any dividend  payment or other  distribution  payable in common
stock of the Borrower,  (y) purchase,  redeem or otherwise acquire shares of its
common stock or warrants,  rights or options to acquire any such shares with the
proceeds  received  from  the  substantially   concurrent  contribution  to  the
Borrower's capital or issue of new shares of the Borrower's common stock and (z)
take any action  specified in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above if, at the end of
the fiscal  quarter  (including  the fourth fiscal  quarter) of the Borrower for
which financial statements have most recently been delivered to the Agent by the
Borrower  pursuant to Section  5.01(f) or (g) on or preceding  the date on which
the Borrower  takes such action,  the ratio of Cash Available for Corporate Debt
Service to Corporate  Interest was at least  2.0:1.0,  calculated for the period
comprised  of the four  fiscal  quarters  ending  on the date of such  financial
statements  and with  effect from the date of such  delivery  of such  financial
statements.

     (k)  Inspection  Rights,  Etc.  Permit the Agent or any other Lender or any
agents or  representatives  thereof to examine and make copies of and  abstracts
from records and books of, and visit the  properties of, the Borrower to discuss
the affairs,  finances and accounts of the Borrower  with any of its officers or
directors and with its independent  certified  public  accountants  from time to
time during normal  business hours upon reasonable  notice.  The Lenders and the
Agent agree that the Agent shall  coordinate and  consolidate  visits by Lenders
and their agents and  representatives  (including the examination of records and
books and the making of copies and  abstracts  of records and books) at mutually
convenient  times and in such a manner so as to minimize the  disruption  to the
operations of the Borrower and to the costs associated with such visits.

     (l) Granting of Benefits under Certain Circumstances. If in connection with
obtaining  a waiver  or a  curative  amendment  of a  "default"  or an "event of
default" under a document under which any Debt of the Borrower in a principal or
notional  amount equal to or in excess of  $50,000,000  is  outstanding or which
evidences  any such Debt any  creditor  in respect of such Debt will  obtain any
benefit (including collateral security, a guarantee or other third-party support
and improved  financial terms),  the Borrower will offer to the Lenders the same
benefit (including  ratable  collateral  security and guarantees and third-party
support and comparably  improved terms) and, upon the acceptance by the Required
Lenders  of such  offer,  will cause such  benefit to be made  available  to the
Lenders  concurrently with making such benefit  available,  and on substantially
the same terms as it is made available, to such other creditor.

     (m)  Notice of Change of Credit  Rating.  Promptly  after the  Borrower  is
notified  thereof in writing by S&P or Moody's or the Borrower  becomes aware of
the  public  announcement  thereof  by S&P or  Moody's,  notify the Agent of any
change in the Credit Rating by S&P or Moody's, as the case may be.

     (n) Notice of Issuance and Increase of Letter of Credit Commitments. Notify
the Agent  promptly upon the issuance of a Letter of Credit  Commitment  and any
increase thereof.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events ("Events of
Default") shall occur and be continuing:

     (a) Payments.  The Borrower  shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance
when the same  becomes due and payable;  or the  Borrower  shall fail to pay any
interest on any Advance or any payment of fees or other  amounts  payable  under
this Agreement within five Business Days after the same becomes due and payable;
or

     (b) Representations and Warranties.  Any representation or warranty made by
the Borrower herein shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made and,
if such  representation  or warranty is  susceptible  of cure, it shall not have
been cured  within 10 days after  written  notice  thereof has been given by the
Agent to the  Borrower  (or such  longer  period  as the  Required  Lenders  may
permit); or

     (c)  Covenants.  The  Borrower  shall fail to  perform  or comply  with any
material term,  covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to
be performed or observed and such failure  shall remain  unremedied  for 30 days
after  written  notice  thereof has been given by the Agent to the  Borrower (or
such longer period as the Required Lenders may permit); or

     (d)  Cross-default.  The Borrower  shall fail to pay any  principal  of, or
premium  or  interest  on, any Debt of the  Borrower  that is  outstanding  in a
principal or notional amount equal to or in excess of $50,000,000 (but excluding
Debt outstanding  under this Agreement and Subordinated  Debt of the Borrower if
the relevant  payment is prohibited by the terms  thereof) when the same becomes
due  and  payable   (whether  by  scheduled   maturity,   required   prepayment,
acceleration,  demand or  otherwise),  and such failure shall continue after the
applicable  grace  period,  if any,  specified in the  agreement  or  instrument
relating to such Debt;  or any other event shall occur or condition  shall exist
under the agreement or instrument  relating to any such Debt and shall  continue
after the  applicable  grace  period,  if any,  specified  in such  agreement or
instrument,  if the  effect of such  event or  condition  is to  accelerate  the
maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt shall be declared due and payable, or be
required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required
prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, or an offer to prepay, redeem,
purchase or defease  such Debt shall be required to be made,  in each case prior
to the scheduled maturity thereof by reason of default; or

     (e)  Judgment.  Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of
$50,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower and there shall be any period
of 60  consecutive  days during which a stay of  enforcement of such judgment or
order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

     (f)  Bankruptcy,  Etc. The  Borrower  shall (i) apply for or consent to the
appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver,  custodian,  trustee
or liquidator of itself or of all or a  substantial  part of its property,  (ii)
make a general  assignment  for the benefit of its  creditors,  (iii) commence a
voluntary case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect) or
any similar law of any applicable jurisdiction,  (iv) file a petition seeking to
take   advantage   of  any  other  law  relating  to   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization, winding-up, or composition or readjustment of debts, or (v) fail
to controvert in a timely and  appropriate  manner,  or acquiesce in writing to,
any petition filed against it in an involuntary  case under the U.S.  Bankruptcy
Code or any similar law of any applicable jurisdiction;  or a proceeding or case
shall be commenced,  without the application or consent of the Borrower,  in any
court of competent  jurisdiction,  seeking (x) its liquidation,  reorganization,
dissolution or winding-up,  or the composition or readjustment of its debts, (y)
the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of the
Borrower or of all or any substantial part of its assets,  or (z) similar relief
in respect of the  Borrower  under any law relating to  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization,  winding-up,  or  composition  or adjustment of debts,  and such
proceeding or case shall  continue  unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 or
more days; or

     (g) Change of Control.  The Borrower  ceases to be Controlled,  directly or
indirectly,  by The Southern Company; then, and in any such event, the Agent (i)
shall at the request,  or may with the  consent,  of the  Required  Lenders,  by
notice to the Borrower,  declare the  obligation of each Lender to make Advances
to be terminated,  whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate,  and (ii) shall
at the request,  or may with the consent,  of the Required Lenders, by notice to
the Borrower,  declare the Advances and the Notes,  all interest thereon and all
other  amounts  payable  under this  Agreement to be forthwith  due and payable,
whereupon  the  Advances and the Notes,  all such  interest and all such amounts
shall become and be  forthwith  due and payable,  without  presentment,  demand,
protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby  expressly waived
by the  Borrower;  provided,  however,  that in the event of an actual or deemed
entry of an order for relief  with  respect to the  Borrower  under the  Federal
Bankruptcy  Code,  (A) the  obligation  of each  Lender to make  Advances  shall
automatically  be  terminated  and (B) the  Advances  and the  Notes,  all  such
interest and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable,
without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

     Any  Default  or Event of  Default  which  has been  waived  in the  manner
required by the applicable  provisions of this Agreement shall not be considered
to be  continuing  from and after the time as of which  such  waiver  has become
effective.

SECTION 6.02. Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Event of Default.
(a) If an Event of Default  shall have  occurred and be  continuing  at any time
when there shall be any  Available  Amount under any Letter of Credit,  then the
Agent shall,  upon the request of the Required  Lenders,  whether in addition to
the  taking by the Agent of any of the  actions  described  in  Section  6.01 or
otherwise,  make demand upon the Borrower to, and forthwith upon such demand the
Borrower will,  pay to the Agent for its benefit and the ratable  benefit of the
Lenders in same day funds at the Agent's office  designated in such demand,  for
deposit in a special cash collateral  account (the "Letter of Credit  Collateral
Account")  to be  maintained  in the name of the  Borrower  and  under  the sole
dominion  and  control of the Agent for the benefit of the Agent and the ratable
benefit of the Lenders at such place as shall be agreed by the  Borrower and the
Agent (or, if not so agreed, as designated by the Agent), an amount equal to the
amount of the aggregate of the Available Amounts under all Letters of Credit.

     (b) The  Borrower  hereby  pledges and assigns to the Agent for its benefit
and the ratable benefit of the Lenders,  and grants to the Agent for its benefit
and the ratable benefit of the Lenders a lien on and a security interest in, the
following collateral (the "Letter of Credit Collateral"):

                    (i)  the  Letter  of  Credit  Collateral  Account,  all cash
                         deposited    therein,    and   all   certificates   and
                         instruments,  if any, from time to time representing or
                         evidencing the Letter of Credit Collateral Account;

                    (ii) all Eligible  Securities  from time to time held by the
                         Agent and all certificates and instruments from time to
                         time representing or evidencing Eligible Securities;

                    (iii)all   notes,   certificates   of   deposit   and  other
                         instruments from time to time hereafter delivered to or
                         otherwise  possessed  by the  Agent for or on behalf of
                         the Borrower in  substitution  for or in respect of any
                         or  all  of  the  then   existing   Letter   of  Credit
                         Collateral;

                    (iv) all interest,  dividends,  cash,  instruments and other
                         property  from  time to time  received,  receivable  or
                         otherwise  distributed in respect of or in exchange for
                         any or  all  of the  then  existing  Letter  of  Credit
                         Collateral; and

                    (v)  to the extent not covered by clauses  (i) through  (iv)
                         above,  all  proceeds  of any  or all of the  foregoing
                         Letter of Credit Collateral.

     The lien and security  interest  granted  hereby secures the payment of all
obligations  of the Borrower now or hereafter  existing  hereunder and under any
other Loan Document.

     (c) Neither the Borrower nor any Person  claiming or acting on behalf of or
through the  Borrower  shall have any right to withdraw any of the funds held in
the Letter of Credit Collateral Account,  except as provided in Section 6.02(g).
The Borrower shall take such action as the Agent may deem necessary or desirable
to  create a  perfected  security  interest  in favor of the  Agent on behalf of
itself and the Lenders in any Eligible  Securities.  The Agent will  endeavor to
invest  amounts on deposit  in the Letter of Credit  Collateral  Account in such
Eligible  Securities  as the Agent shall  select.  All such amounts that are not
invested  or  reinvested  in  Eligible  Securities  as  provided  above shall be
deposited and held in cash in the Letter of Credit Collateral  Account under the
sole dominion and control of the Agent.

     (d) The Borrower  agrees that it will not (i) sell or otherwise  dispose of
any  interest  in the Letter of Credit  Collateral  or (ii)  create or permit to
exist any Lien upon or with  respect to any of the Letter of Credit  Collateral,
except for the security interest created by this Section.

     (e) (i)  The  Agent  may  exercise  in  respect  of the  Letter  of  Credit
Collateral  Account,  in addition to the other rights and remedies  provided for
herein or  otherwise  available  to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured
party upon default under the Uniform  Commercial  Code in effect in the State of
New York at that time,  and the Agent may,  without  notice  except as specified
below,  sell the Letter of Credit  Collateral or any part thereof in one or more
parcels at public or private sale,  at any of the Agent's  offices or elsewhere,
for cash,  on credit or for future  delivery,  and upon such other  terms as the
Agent may deem commercially reasonable.  The Borrower agrees that, to the extent
notice of sale  shall be  required  by law,  at least  ten  days'  notice to the
Borrower  of the time and place of any public  sale or the time after  which any
private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable  notification.  The Agent
shall not be  obligated to make any sale of Letter of Credit  Collateral  or any
part  thereof,  regardless  of notice of sale having  been given.  The Agent may
adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time
and place fixed therefor,  and such sale may, without further notice, be made at
the time and place to which it was so adjourned.

                    (ii) Any  cash  held  in the  Letter  of  Credit  Collateral
                         Account, and all cash proceeds received by the Agent in
                         respect  of any  sale  of,  collection  from  or  other
                         realization  upon  all or any  part  of the  Letter  of
                         Credit Collateral Account may, in the discretion of the
                         Agent, then or at any time thereafter be applied (after
                         payment  of any  amounts  payable  pursuant  to Section
                         8.04) in whole or in part by the Agent for the  ratable
                         benefit of the Lenders  first,  in payment of Revolving
                         Credit  Advances  made in  respect  of  drawings  under
                         Letters  of Credit  and  second,  if no such  Revolving
                         Credit Advances remain unpaid and there is no Available
                         Amount  under a Letter of Credit,  in payment of all or
                         any part of the  obligations  of the Borrower under any
                         of the Loan  Documents  in such  order as the Agent may
                         elect.

     (f) The  Agent  shall be deemed to have  exercised  reasonable  care in the
custody and  preservation  of the Letter of Credit  Collateral  if the Letter of
Credit Collateral is accorded  treatment  substantially  equal to that which the
Agent accords its own  property,  it being  understood  that the Agent shall not
have any  responsibility or liability (i) for ascertaining or taking action with
respect to calls, conversions,  exchanges,  maturities, tenders or other matters
relative to any Eligible  Securities,  whether or not the Agent has or is deemed
to have  knowledge  of such  matters,  (ii) for  taking any  necessary  steps to
preserve  rights  against  any  parties  with  respect  to the  Letter of Credit
Collateral,  (iii) for the collection of any proceeds from Eligible  Securities,
(iv) by reason of any invalidity,  lack of value or  uncollectability  of any of
the  payments  received  by the Agent from  obligors  with  respect to  Eligible
Securities, (v) for any loss resulting from investments made pursuant to Section
6.02(c),  except to the extent such loss was  attributable  to the Agent's gross
negligence or wilful  misconduct in complying with Section 6.02(c),  or (vi) any
failure by the Agent to make any investment pursuant to Section 6.02(c).

     (g) Any  surplus  of the funds  held in the  Letter  of  Credit  Collateral
Account and  remaining  after payment in full of all of the  obligations  of the
Borrower  under  this  Agreement  and under any other  Loan  Document  after the
Termination  Date shall be paid to the Borrower or to whosoever  may be lawfully
entitled to receive such surplus.

     (h) If all  Events  of  Default  have been  cured or  waived in the  manner
required by the applicable provisions of this Agreement,  the provisions of this
Section  6.02 shall  automatically  terminate  with  respect  to such  Events of
Default upon such cure or waiver,  and the Agent shall thereupon promptly return
to the Borrower all Letter of Credit Collateral then held by theAgent.







                                   ARTICLE VII

                                    THE AGENT

     SECTION 7.01. Authorization and Action. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby
appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and
to exercise such powers and discretion  under this Agreement as are delegated to
the Agent by the terms hereof,  together with such powers and  discretion as are
reasonably  incidental  thereto. As to any matters not expressly provided for by
this Agreement (including, without limitation,  enforcement or collection of the
Revolving  Credit  Notes),  the Agent  shall not be  required  to  exercise  any
discretion  or take any action,  but shall be required to act or to refrain from
acting (and shall be fully  protected  in so acting or  refraining  from acting)
upon the instructions of the Required Lenders,  and such  instructions  shall be
binding upon all Lenders and Issuing  Banks and all holders of Notes;  provided,
however,  that the Agent shall not be  required to take any action that  exposes
the  Agent to  personal  liability  or that is  contrary  to this  Agreement  or
applicable  law. The Agent agrees to give to each Lender and Issuing Bank prompt
notice of each notice given to it by the Borrower  pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement.

     SECTION  7.02.  Agent's  Reliance,  Etc.  Neither  the Agent nor any of its
directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it or them under or in  connection  with this  Agreement,
except  for its or their own gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct.  Without
limitation of the  generality  of the  foregoing,  the Agent:  (i) may treat the
payee of any  Revolving  Credit  Note as the  holder  thereof  until  the  Agent
receives and accepts an  Assignment  and  Acceptance  entered into by the Lender
that is the payee of such  Revolving  Credit Note, as assignor,  and an Eligible
Assignee,  as assignee, as provided in Section 8.07; (ii) may consult with legal
counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public accountants and
other  experts  selected  by it and shall not be liable for any action  taken or
omitted  to be taken in good faith by it in  accordance  with the advice of such
counsel,  accountants or experts;  (iii) makes no warranty or  representation to
any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing
Bank for any statements, warranties or representations (whether written or oral)
made in or in connection  with this  Agreement;  (iv) shall not have any duty to
ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms,
covenants  or  conditions  of this  Agreement  on the part of the Borrower or to
inspect the  property  (including  the books and records) of the  Borrower;  (v)
shall not be  responsible  to any Lender or Issuing Bank for the due  execution,
legality, validity,  enforceability,  genuineness,  sufficiency or value of this
Agreement or any other instrument or document  furnished  pursuant  hereto;  and
(vi) shall incur no  liability  under or in respect of this  Agreement by acting
upon any notice, consent,  certificate or other instrument or writing (which may
be by telecopier,  telegram or telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or
sent by the proper party or parties.

     SECTION 7.03. Citibank and Affiliates. With respect to its Revolving Credit
Commitment,  the Advances made by it and the Note issued to it,  Citibank  shall
have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may
exercise  the same as though it were not the  Agent;  and the term  "Lender"  or
"Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly  indicated,  include Citibank in its
individual capacity.  Citibank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend
money  to,  act as  trustee  under  indentures  of,  accept  investment  banking
engagements  from,  and  generally  engage  in any kind of  business  with,  the
Borrower,  any of its  Subsidiaries  and any Person who may do business with, or
own securities of, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary,  all as if Citibank were
not the Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

     SECTION  7.04.  Lender  Credit  Decision.  Each  Lender  and  Issuing  Bank
acknowledges  that it has,  independently and without reliance upon the Agent or
any other Lender or Issuing Bank and based on the financial  statements referred
to in Section 4.01 and such other  documents  and  information  as it has deemed
appropriate,  made its own  credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter  into this
Agreement.  Each  Lender  and  Issuing  Bank  also  acknowledges  that it  will,
independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or Issuing
Bank and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at
the time,  continue  to make its own  credit  decisions  in taking or not taking
action under this Agreement.

     SECTION 7.05. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the Agent and
each  Issuing  Bank (to the  extent not  reimbursed  by the  Borrower),  ratably
according to the respective principal amounts of the Revolving Credit Notes then
held  by  each  of  them  (or if no  Revolving  Credit  Notes  are  at the  time
outstanding  or if any  Revolving  Credit Notes are held by Persons that are not
Lenders,  ratably according to the respective  amounts of their Revolving Credit
Commitments),  from and against any and all  liabilities,  obligations,  losses,
damages, penalties,  actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
of any kind or  nature  whatsoever  that may be  imposed  on,  incurred  by,  or
asserted  against  the  Agent or such  Issuing  Bank in any way  relating  to or
arising  out of this  Agreement  or any action  taken or omitted by the Agent or
such Issuing Bank under this Agreement (collectively,  the "Indemnified Costs");
provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of the Indemnified Costs
resulting  from (i) the  Agent's or such  Issuing  Bank's  gross  negligence  or
willful misconduct.  Without limitation of the foregoing,  each Lender agrees to
reimburse  the  Agent  promptly  upon  demand  for  its  ratable  share  of  any
out-of-pocket  expenses  (including  counsel  fees)  incurred  by the  Agent  in
connection   with  the   preparation,   execution,   delivery,   administration,
modification,  amendment or enforcement  (whether  through  negotiations,  legal
proceedings  or  otherwise)  of,  or  legal  advice  in  respect  of  rights  or
responsibilities  under,  this  Agreement,  to the extent  that the Agent is not
reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.  In the case of any investigation,
litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Costs, this Section 7.05
applies whether any such  investigation,  litigation or proceeding is brought by
the Agent, any Lender or a third party.

     SECTION 7.06.  Successor  Agent. The Agent may resign at any time by giving
written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and may be removed at any
time with or without cause by the Required Lenders. Upon any such resignation or
removal, the Borrower shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent, subject
to the approval of the Required  Lenders,  such approval not to be  unreasonably
withheld or delayed.  If no successor  Agent shall have been so appointed by the
Borrower and  approved by the Required  Lenders,  and shall have  accepted  such
appointment,  within 30 days  after  the  retiring  Agent's  giving of notice of
resignation or the Required  Lenders'  removal of the retiring  Agent,  then the
retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders,  appoint a successor Agent subject
to the approval of the Borrower and the Required  Lenders,  such approval not to
be unreasonably withheld or delayed,  which shall be a commercial bank organized
under the laws of the  United  States of  America  or of any State  thereof  and
having  a  combined  capital  and  surplus  of at least  $500,000,000.  Upon the
acceptance of any  appointment  as Agent  hereunder by a successor  Agent,  such
successor  Agent  shall  thereupon  succeed  to and become  vested  with all the
rights, powers, discretion, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the
retiring Agent shall be discharged  from its duties and  obligations  under this
Agreement. After any retiring Agent's resignation or removal hereunder as Agent,
the  provisions of this Article VII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     SECTION 8.01.  Amendments,  Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of
this  Agreement or the Revolving  Credit Notes,  nor consent to any departure by
the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be
in writing and signed by or on behalf of the Borrower and the Required  Lenders,
and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the  specific  purpose  for  which  given;  provided,  however,  that no
amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by or on behalf
of the Borrower and all the Lenders,  do any of the following:  (a) waive any of
the  conditions  specified in Section 3.01,  (b) increase the  Revolving  Credit
Commitments of the Lenders or subject the Lenders to any additional obligations,
(c) reduce the principal  of, or interest on, the Revolving  Credit Notes or any
fees or other  amounts  payable  hereunder,  (d) postpone any date fixed for any
payment of principal of, or interest on, the Revolving  Credit Notes or any fees
or other amounts payable  hereunder,  (e) change the percentage of the Revolving
Credit  Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving
Credit Notes,  or the number of Lenders,  that shall be required for the Lenders
or any of them to take any action  hereunder or (f) amend this Section 8.01; and
provided further that no amendment,  waiver or consent shall,  unless in writing
and signed by or on behalf of the Agent or an Issuing  Bank in  addition  to the
Persons  required above to take such action,  affect the rights or duties of the
Agent or such  Issuing  Bank,  as the case may be,  under this  Agreement or any
Revolving Credit Note.

     SECTION 8.02. Notices,  Etc. All notices and other communications  provided
for  hereunder  shall be in writing  (including  telecopier  communication)  and
mailed,  telecopied,  or delivered,  if to the  Borrower,  at its address at 900
Ashwood Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30338-4780,  Attention:  Treasurer,
with a copy to Manager, Loan Administration,  facsimile: 770-821-6981; if to the
Initial Lender,  at its Domestic Lending Office  specified  opposite its name on
Schedule  I hereto;  if to any other  Lender,  at its  Domestic  Lending  Office
specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender;
and if to the  Agent,  at its  address at Two Penns Way,  New  Castle,  Delaware
19720,  Attention:  Bank Loan Syndication Department,  telephone:  302-894-6003,
facsimile:  302-894-6120;  or, as to the  Borrower  or the Agent,  at such other
address as shall be  designated  by such party in a written  notice to the other
parties  and,  as to each  other  party,  at such  other  address  as  shall  be
designated by such party in a written notice to the Borrower and the Agent.  All
such notices and communications  shall, when mailed or telecopied,  be effective
when deposited in the mails or telecopied, respectively, except that notices and
communications  to the Agent  pursuant  to  Article  II, III or VII shall not be
effective  until  received by the Agent.  Delivery by  telecopier of an executed
counterpart  hereof  or of any  amendment  or waiver  of any  provision  of this
Agreement  or the Notes or of any Exhibit  hereto to be executed  and  delivered
hereunder  shall be  effective  as delivery of a manually  executed  counterpart
thereof.

     SECTION  8.03. No Waiver;  Remedies.  No failure on the part of any Lender,
Issuing Bank or the Agent to  exercise,  and no delay in  exercising,  any right
hereunder  or under any Note shall  operate as a waiver  thereof;  nor shall any
single or  partial  exercise  of any such  right  preclude  any other or further
exercise  thereof  or the  exercise  of any other  right.  The  remedies  herein
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

     SECTION 8.04. Costs and Expenses, Etc. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay, upon
demand and presentation to the Borrower of a statement of account,
all reasonable and documented third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses of
the Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery,
administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Notes and the
other documents to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, the
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent with respect thereto and
with respect to advising the Agent as to its rights and responsibilities under
this Agreement. The Borrower further agrees to pay, upon demand and presentation
to the Borrower of a statement of account, all reasonable and documented
third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agent and the Lenders, if
any (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), in
connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings
or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Notes and the other documents to be
delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses
of counsel for the Agent and the Lenders in connection with the enforcement of
rights under this Section 8.04(a), provided, that the Borrower shall be required
to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of only one counsel selected by the
Indemnified Parties as contemplated by the proviso to Section 8.04(b)(iii).

     (b) (i) The Borrower  agrees to indemnify  each of the Agent,  the Lenders,
the Issuing Banks and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents
(each, an "Indemnified Party") from, and hold each of them harmless against, any
and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses incurred by any of them
as a result of, or arising out of, any  investigation,  litigation or proceeding
(whether or not any of the  Indemnified  Parties is a party thereto)  related to
the entering into of this Agreement,  the issuance of the Notes,  the Letters of
Credit and the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances and of the
Letters  of Credit  and the  consummation  of any  matter  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements
of counsel  incurred in connection  with any such  investigation,  litigation or
other  proceeding;  provided that the Borrower shall not be responsible  for any
such losses,  liabilities,  claims, damages or expenses of any Indemnified Party
to the extent  incurred by reason of gross  negligence or willful  misconduct on
the part of such Indemnified Party.

                    (ii) The Borrower  shall be entitled to  participate  in any
                         action or  proceeding  of which it has been notified by
                         any  Indemnified  Party except any action or proceeding
                         brought by or for the  benefit of the  Borrower  or any
                         Subsidiary  of  the  Borrower  against  an  Indemnified
                         Party.

                    (iii)Promptly  after  receipt  by an  Indemnified  Party  of
                         written notice of any loss, liability, claim, damage or
                         expense in respect of which  indemnity may be sought by
                         it hereunder,  such Indemnified  Party will, if a claim
                         is to be made against the Borrower, notify the Borrower
                         thereof in writing,  but the  omission so to notify the
                         Borrower  will not  relieve the  Borrower  from (i) any
                         liability  under this Section which it may have to such
                         Indemnified Party except to the extent the Borrower was
                         prejudiced by such omission or (ii) any liability other
                         than under this Section.  Thereafter,  the  Indemnified
                         Party and the  Borrower  shall  consult,  to the extent
                         appropriate,  with a view to minimizing the cost to the
                         Borrower  of its  obligations  hereunder.  In case  any
                         Indemnified   Party  receives  written  notice  of  any
                         liability, loss, claim, damage or expense in respect of
                         which  indemnity  may be sought by it hereunder  and it
                         notifies the  Borrower  thereof,  the Borrower  will be
                         entitled to participate therein, and to the extent that
                         it  may  elect  by  written  notice  delivered  to  the
                         Indemnified   Party   promptly   after   receiving  the
                         aforesaid notice from the Indemnified  Party, to assume
                         the   defense    thereof   with   counsel    reasonably
                         satisfactory  to the  Indemnified  Parties (and, if the
                         Agent  or one  or  more  Lenders  are  the  Indemnified
                         Parties,  the Agent and such Lenders  shall be entitled
                         jointly  to  direct  the  conduct  of  their  defense);
                         provided,  however,  that if the parties  against which
                         any loss,  claim,  damage,  expense or liability arises
                         include both an Indemnified  Party and the Borrower and
                         such Indemnified Party shall have reasonably  concluded
                         that (i) there may be legal defenses available to it or
                         other  Indemnified  Parties which are different from or
                         additional  to those  available  to the Borrower or any
                         Subsidiary  of the Borrower and may conflict  therewith
                         or  (ii)  if any  liability,  loss,  claim,  damage  or
                         expense  arises  out of  actions  brought by or for the
                         benefit  of  the  Borrower  or  any  Subsidiary  of the
                         Borrower,  the Indemnified  Parties  collectively shall
                         have the right to select one separate counsel to assume
                         such legal defenses and otherwise to participate in the
                         defense of such loss,  claim,  damage or  liability  on
                         behalf of the Indemnified Parties.  Upon receipt by the
                         Indemnified  Party of notice  from the  Borrower of its
                         election to assume the defense of such liability, loss,
                         claim,   damage  or  expense   and   approval   by  the
                         Indemnified Party of counsel, the Borrower shall not be
                         liable to the Indemnified  Party for any legal or other
                         expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party
                         in connection  with the defense  thereof unless (i) the
                         Indemnified  Party shall have  employed such counsel in
                         connection  with the  assumption  of legal  defenses in
                         accordance  with  the  proviso  to the  next  preceding
                         sentence, (ii) the Borrower shall not have employed and
                         continued to employ counsel reasonably  satisfactory to
                         the  Indemnified  Party to  represent  the  Indemnified
                         Party  within  a   reasonable   time  after  notice  of
                         commencement  of the action or (iii) the Borrower shall
                         have  authorized in writing the  employment of separate
                         counsel for the Indemnified Party at the expense of the
                         Borrower.  At the  Borrower's  request,  an Indemnified
                         Party will settle,  compromise  or consent to the entry
                         of any order adjudicating or otherwise disposing of any
                         loss, claim, damage or liability for which the Borrower
                         is liable hereunder if such  settlement,  compromise or
                         consent to entry of any order (A)  includes a provision
                         unconditionally  releasing each Indemnified  Party from
                         and holding each Indemnified Party harmless against all
                         liability in respect of claims by any  releasing  party
                         relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Notes
                         and the  matters  contemplated  herein,  (B)  does  not
                         require any admission or  acknowledgment of culpability
                         or  wrongdoing by such  Indemnified  Party and (C) does
                         not  involve  performance  by, or the  payment of money
                         damages by, such Indemnified  Party. The Borrower shall
                         not be liable for any settlement, compromise or consent
                         to the entry of any  order  adjudicating  or  otherwise
                         disposing  of any  loss,  claim,  damage  or  liability
                         effected without its consent.

     (c) The  Borrower  agrees to  indemnify  each  Lender  for its  actual  and
documented  losses  (excluding  any loss of  profit  and/or  margin),  costs and
expenses  reasonably  incurred by it resulting from any payment or prepayment of
principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance or, unless otherwise
specified by the Borrower in the related  Notice of  Competitive  Bid Borrowing,
LIBO Rate Advance under this Agreement or the Notes, which payment or prepayment
is made on a day other than the last day of the relevant  Interest  Period,  or,
unless otherwise  specified by the Borrower in the related Notice of Competitive
Bid  Borrowing,  from any payment or  prepayment  of  principal  of a Fixed Rate
Advance  other than on the scheduled  maturity date of such payment,  excluding,
however,  any such  losses,  costs and  expenses  resulting  from a  payment  or
prepayment  made more than 60 days prior to demand being made to the Borrower by
such Lender for indemnification. The payment of such indemnity to a Lender shall
be made  within  30 days of a  demand  by such  Lender  complying  with  Section
8.04(d).

     (d) Any demand by a Lender for payment under Section 2.02(c),  2.03(a)(vi),
2.11, 2.14, 8.04(b) or 8.04(c) or under any other indemnity made by the Borrower
under this  Agreement  shall be made in writing to the Borrower  (with a copy to
the Agent) and shall be  accompanied by a certificate of an officer of the Agent
or the relevant  Lender,  as may be  appropriate,  setting  forth in  reasonable
detail the calculation of the amount demanded.

     (e) To the extent  permitted  by law, if any Lender  notifies  the Borrower
that additional amounts will be due under Section 2.11 or that any of the events
outlined in Section 2.12 have  occurred,  such Lender will change its Applicable
Lending Office if as a result thereof such increased costs would not be required
to be so paid or it would  not be  illegal  for  such  Lender  to make,  fund or
maintain its Eurodollar Rate Advances,  and provided such Lender determines that
such change is not commercially  unreasonable.  The Borrower will reimburse such
Lender for all  reasonable  expenses it may incur as a result of complying  with
this Section 8.04(e).

     (f) If any  circumstances  arise which result, or such Lender becomes aware
of any  circumstances  which might result,  in the Borrower  having to make such
compensation  or  indemnification  or in it becoming  illegal for such Lender to
make, fund or maintain such Lender's Eurodollar Rate Advances,  such Lender will
promptly  notify the Borrower  thereof and, in  consultation  with the Borrower,
such Lender shall take all such steps,  if any, as it determines  are reasonable
and the  Borrower  determines  are  acceptable  to mitigate  the effect of those
circumstances.

     (g)  Without  prejudice  to the  survival  of any  other  agreement  of the
Borrower or of the Lenders  hereunder,  the  agreements  and  obligations of the
Borrower  contained in Sections 2.11,  2.14 and 8.04 and the  obligations of the
Lenders  contained in Sections  2.14,  8.04,  8.07(g) and 8.08 shall survive the
payment in full of principal,  interest and all other amounts payable  hereunder
and under the Notes.

(h) The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account each
     Lender  and to the Agent  and the Lead  Arranger  for their own  respective
accounts
such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Borrower and the Agent
or the Borrower and the Lead Arranger.

     SECTION  8.05.  Right of Set-off.  Upon  declaration  by the Agent that the
Advances and the Notes are due and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section
6.01, each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the
fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  to set off and apply  any and all  deposits
(general or special,  time or demand,  provisional or final) at any time held by
such Lender to, or for the credit or the account  of, the  Borrower  against any
and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter  existing under this
Agreement  and the Notes held by such  Lender,  whether or not such Lender shall
have made any  demand  under this  Agreement  or such  Notes and  although  such
obligations may be unmatured. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower
after any such set-off and  application,  provided that the failure to give such
notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights
of each Lender  under this  Section are in addition to other rights and remedies
(including,  without  limitation,  other rights of set-off) that such Lender may
have.

     SECTION 8.06. Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall become effective (other
than Section 2.01,  which shall only become  effective upon  satisfaction of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.01) when it shall have been executed
by the Borrower and the Agent and when the Agent shall have been notified by the
Initial Lender that such Initial Lender has executed it and thereafter  shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Agent and each Lender
and their respective successors and assigns,  except that the Borrower shall not
have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the
prior written consent of the Lenders.

     SECTION 8.07. Assignments and Participations. (a) Each Lender may assign to
(i) one or more  Eligible  Assignees  with the approval of the Agent and, in the
case of any  Eligible  Assignee  not listed in clause (i) of the  definition  of
"Eligible Assignee", the Borrower (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld
or  delayed)  and (ii) one or more  other  entities  with  the  approval  of the
Borrower  and the Agent,  all or a portion of its rights and  obligations  under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Revolving
Credit  Commitment,  the Revolving Credit Advances owing to it and the Revolving
Credit  Note or  Notes  held by it);  provided,  however,  that  (i)  each  such
assignment shall be of a constant,  and not a varying,  percentage of all rights
and obligations  under this Agreement,  (ii) except in the case of an assignment
to a Person  that,  immediately  prior to such  assignment,  was a Lender  or an
assignment of all of a Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, the
amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned
pursuant to each such  assignment  (determined  as of the date of the Assignment
and Acceptance with respect to such assignment) shall be $10,000,000 or a larger
integral  multiple of $1,000,000  and (iii) the parties to each such  assignment
shall execute and deliver to the Agent,  for its acceptance and recording in the
Register and, if the relevant  Eligible  Assignee is not listed in clause (i) of
the definition of "Eligible  Assignee",  to the Borrower for its acceptance,  an
appropriate  Assignment and Acceptance,  together with any Revolving Credit Note
subject to such  assignment and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance not
entered into to effect the General Syndication, a processing and recordation fee
of $3,000.  Upon such execution,  delivery,  acceptance and recording,  from and
after the effective date specified in each  Assignment and  Acceptance,  (x) the
assignee  thereunder  shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and
obligations  hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such  Assignment and
Acceptance,  have the rights and  obligations of a Lender  hereunder and (y) the
Lender  assignor  thereunder  shall,  to the extent that rights and  obligations
hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such  Assignment and  Acceptance,
relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations  under this Agreement
(other than under  Sections  2.14(f),  8.07(g) and 8.08) (and, in the case of an
Assignment and Acceptance  covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning
Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to
be a party hereto).

     (b) If any Lender shall make a demand under Section  8.04(d) for payment in
respect of a claim under  Section 2.11 or shall give a notice under Section 2.12
of any unlawfulness or assertion of unlawfulness contemplated by such Section or
any demand  shall be made or any amount  shall be  payable  with  respect to any
Lender under  Section 2.14,  the Borrower  may, by written  notice given to such
Lender  within 45 days of the making by such Lender of such demand or the giving
by such  Lender of such  notice,  require by written  notice to such Lender that
such Lender  assign,  by executing and  delivering an Acceptance  and Assignment
within 15 days of the  giving by the  Borrower  of such  notice  but on at least
three  Business  Days' notice to one or more Persons in accordance  with Section
8.07(a) such  Lender's  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  and its Advances  against
payment to such Lender in immediately available funds of the principal amount of
such Advances,  all interest  accrued  thereon to the date of payment,  all fees
accrued  by such  Lender to the date of  payment,  any  amounts  payable to such
Lender under  Section  8.04(c) and all other amounts  payable  hereunder to such
Lender.

     (c) By executing and  delivering an Assignment and  Acceptance,  the Lender
assignor  thereunder and the assignee  thereunder confirm to and agree with each
other and the other  parties  hereto as  follows:  (i) other than as provided in
such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no representation or
warranty  and  assumes  no  responsibility   with  respect  to  any  statements,
warranties or  representations  made in or in connection  with this Agreement or
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,  genuineness,  sufficiency or
value of this Agreement or any other instrument or document  furnished  pursuant
hereto;  (ii) such  assigning  Lender  makes no  representation  or warranty and
assumes  no  responsibility  with  respect  to the  financial  condition  of the
Borrower  or  the  performance  or  observance  by  the  Borrower  of any of its
obligations  under this Agreement or any other instrument or document  furnished
pursuant  hereto;  (iii) such  assignee  confirms that it has received a copy of
this Agreement,  together with copies of the financial statements referred to in
Section  4.01  and  such  other  documents  and  information  as it  has  deemed
appropriate  to make its own credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter into such
Assignment and Acceptance;  (iv) such assignee will,  independently  and without
reliance upon the Agent,  such assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on
such  documents  and  information  as it shall  deem  appropriate  at the  time,
continue to make its own credit  decisions in taking or not taking  action under
this Agreement;  (v) such assignee  confirms that it is an Eligible  Assignee or
that it is an entity that has been  approved by the Borrower and the Agent under
Section  8.07(a);  (vi) such assignee  appoints and authorizes the Agent to take
such  action as agent on its behalf and to exercise  such powers and  discretion
under this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof, together
with such powers and discretion as are reasonably  incidental thereto; and (vii)
such assignee  agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of
the obligations that by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed
by it as a Lender.

     (d) The Agent shall  maintain at its address  referred to in Section 8.02 a
copy of each  Assignment  and  Acceptance  delivered to and accepted by it and a
register for the  recordation  of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the
Revolving  Credit  Commitment of, and principal amount of the Advances owing to,
each Lender  from time to time (the  "Register").  The  entries in the  Register
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the
Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Register as a Lender  hereunder for all purposes of this  Agreement.  The
Register  shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender at any
reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

     (e) Upon  its  receipt  of an  Assignment  and  Acceptance  executed  by an
assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible Assignee or
that it is an entity that has been  approved by the Borrower and the Agent under
Section  8.07(a),  together with any  Revolving  Credit Note or Notes subject to
such  assignment,  the Agent shall,  if such  Assignment and Acceptance has been
completed and is in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto,  (i) accept such
Assignment and Acceptance,  (ii) record the information contained therein in the
Register  and (iii)  promptly  give notice and a copy  thereof to the  Borrower.
Within five Business Days after its receipt of such notice, the Borrower, at its
own  expense,  shall  execute  and  deliver  to the  Agent in  exchange  for the
surrendered  Revolving  Credit Note a new Revolving Credit Note to such Eligible
Assignee or other entity in an amount equal to the Revolving  Credit  Commitment
assumed by it pursuant to such  Assignment and Acceptance  and, if the assigning
Lender has retained a Revolving  Credit  Commitment  hereunder,  a new Revolving
Credit Note to the assigning  Lender in an amount equal to the Revolving  Credit
Commitment  retained by it hereunder.  Such new  Revolving  Credit Note or Notes
shall be in an  aggregate  principal  amount  equal to the  aggregate  principal
amount of such surrendered  Revolving  Credit Note or Notes,  shall be dated the
effective  date of such  Assignment  and  Acceptance  and shall  otherwise be in
substantially the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto.

     (f) Each  Lender  may  sell  participations  to one or more  banks or other
entities  (other than the Borrower or any of its  Affiliates)  in or to all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement  (including,  without
limitation,  all or a portion of its Revolving Credit  Commitment,  the Advances
owing to it and the Note or Notes held by it); provided,  however, that (i) such
Lender's obligations under this Agreement  (including,  without limitation,  its
Revolving Credit  Commitment to the Borrower  hereunder) shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for
the performance of such  obligations,  (iii) such Lender shall remain the holder
of any such Note for all  purposes of this  Agreement,  (iv) the  Borrower,  the
Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such
Lender in  connection  with such  Lender's  rights  and  obligations  under this
Agreement and (v) no  participant  under any such  participation  shall have any
right to approve any amendment or waiver of any  provision of this  Agreement or
any Note, or any consent to any departure by the Borrower  therefrom,  except to
the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of,
or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other  amounts  payable  hereunder,  in
each case to the extent  subject to such  participation,  or  postpone  any date
fixed for any payment of principal  of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or
other  amounts  payable  hereunder,  in each case to the extent  subject to such
participation. Each Lender selling participations shall provide prompt notice to
the Borrower and the Agent of such  participations  and the  purchasers  of such
participations.

     (g) Any Lender may, in connection with any assignment or  participation  or
proposed assignment or participation  pursuant to this Section 8.07, disclose to
the  assignee  or  participant  or  proposed   assignee  or   participant,   any
Confidential  Information;  provided  that,  prior to any such  disclosure,  the
assignee or participant or proposed  assignee or participant shall have executed
and   delivered  to  such  Lender  and  to  the   Borrower  a  duly   authorized
confidentiality agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2.

     (h)  Notwithstanding  any other provision set forth in this Agreement,  any
Lender may at any time  create a security  interest in all or any portion of its
rights under this Agreement (including,  without limitation,  the Advances owing
to it and  the  Note  held  by it) in  favor  of any  Federal  Reserve  Bank  in
accordance  with  Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve
System.

     SECTION 8.08. Confidentiality. (a) Neither the Agent, the Lead Arranger nor
any  Lender  shall,  without  the prior  written  consent of the  Borrower,  (i)
disclose  the  Confidential  Information  to any Person  except as  permitted by
Section 8.07(g) or this Section 8.08 or (ii) use, either directly or indirectly,
any of the Confidential  Information  except in concert with the Borrower and in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b) The Agent and each Lender may disclose the Confidential Information (i)
to  their  respective   Representatives   who  need  to  know  the  Confidential
Information for the purpose of administering this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated  hereby or for the discharge of their  duties,  who are informed by
the  Agent  or  such  Lender  of the  confidential  nature  of the  Confidential
Information,  and who  agree to be bound by the  terms  and  conditions  of this
Agreement  to the same  extent as the Agent or such Lender and (ii) to any party
hereto.

     (c) Each of the Agent and each Lender agrees that,  without the  Borrower's
prior written consent,  it shall not disclose to any person (except as otherwise
expressly permitted herein) the fact that the Confidential  Information has been
made  available or any of the terms,  conditions  or other facts with respect to
the Confidential Information.

     (d) The  provisions  contained in this Section 8.08 shall be inoperative as
to any portion of the Confidential  Information that (i) is or becomes generally
available to the public on a nonconfidential basis through no fault or action by
the Agent, the Lead Arranger, any Lender or their respective Representatives, or
(ii) is or becomes  available to the Agent, the Lead Arranger or any Lender on a
nonconfidential  basis from a source other than the Borrower,  its Affiliates or
Representatives  or the  Agent or the Lead  Arranger  or their  Representatives,
which  source,  to the best  knowledge  of the Agent,  the Lead  Arranger or any
Lender,  as  may  be  appropriate,   is  not  prohibited  from  disclosing  such
Confidential  Information  to the Agent,  the Lead  Arranger or such Lender by a
contractual,  legal or fiduciary obligation to the Borrower, the Agent, the Lead
Arranger or any Lender.

     (e) The Agent and each Lender may disclose the Confidential  Information at
the request of any regulatory or supervisory  authority having jurisdiction over
it or to the extent necessary for purposes of enforcing this Agreement.

     (f) In the event that the Agent or any Lender becomes legally  compelled to
disclose any of the Confidential  Information  otherwise than as contemplated by
Section 8.08(e), the Agent or such Lender shall provide the Borrower with notice
of such event promptly upon its obtaining knowledge thereof (provided that it is
not  otherwise  prohibited  by Law from giving such notice) so that the Borrower
may seek a protective order or other appropriate  remedy. In the event that such
protective order or other remedy is not obtained, the Agent or such Lender shall
furnish only that  portion of the  Confidential  Information  that it is legally
required to furnish and shall  cooperate with the  Borrower's  counsel to enable
the  Borrower to obtain a  protective  order or other  reliable  assurance  that
confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information.

     (g) In the event of any breach of this Section 8.08,  the Borrower shall be
entitled to equitable relief (including  injunction and specific performance) in
addition to all other remedies available to it at law or in equity.

     (h)  Neither the Agent nor any Lender  shall make any public  announcement,
advertisement, statement or communication regarding the Borrower, its Affiliates
or this  Agreement or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  without the prior
written consent of the Borrower.

     (i) The  obligations  of the Agent and each Lender  under this Section 8.08
shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

     SECTION 8.09. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

     SECTION 8.10. Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
any  number  of  counterparts  and  by  different  parties  hereto  in  separate
counterparts,  each of which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which taken  together shall  constitute  one and the same  agreement.
Delivery of an executed  counterpart  of a signature  page to this  Agreement by
telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed  counterpart of
this Agreement.

     SECTION  8.11.  Jurisdiction,  Etc. (a) Each of the parties  hereto  hereby
irrevocably and  unconditionally  submits,  for itself and its property,  to the
nonexclusive  jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, New York County,  United States
District Court for the Southern  District of New York,  and any appellate  court
from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the Notes, or for  recognition or enforcement of any judgment,  and
each of the parties hereto hereby  irrevocably and  unconditionally  agrees that
all  claims  in  respect  of any such  action  or  proceeding  may be heard  and
determined  in such New York State court or, to the extent  permitted by law, in
such federal  court.  Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in
any such action or proceeding  shall be conclusive  and may be enforced in other
jurisdictions  by suit on the judgment or in any other  manner  provided by law.
Nothing in this  Agreement  shall affect any right that any party may  otherwise
have to bring any action or proceeding  relating to this  Agreement or the Notes
in the courts of any jurisdiction.

     (b) Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and  unconditionally  waives, to
the fullest  extent it may legally and  effectively do so, any objection that it
may now or  hereafter  have to the  laying  of  venue  of any  suit,  action  or
proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New
York State or federal  court.  Each of the  parties  hereto  hereby  irrevocably
waives,  to the fullest extent  permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

     SECTION 8.12. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Borrower, the Agent and the
Lenders  hereby  irrevocably  waives  all right to trial by jury in any  action,
proceeding  or  counterclaim  (whether  based on  contract,  tort or  otherwise)
arising out of or relating to this  Agreement or the Notes or the actions of the
Agent  or  any  Lender  in  the  negotiation,  administration,   performance  or
enforcement thereof.



<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,  as of the date
first above written.


                    The  Borrower

                    SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.




                    By   /s/ William A. Maner III
                    ---------------------------------

                    Name: William A.Maner III

                    Title: Vice President


                    The  Agent

                    CITIBANK, N.A. as Agent




                    By   /s/  Philip  C.  Kron
                    ---------------------------------

                    Name: Philip C. Kron

                    Title: Managing Director


                    The  Initial Lender

                    CITIBANK, N.A.




                    By   /s/  Philip  C.  Kron
                    ---------------------------

                    Name:Philip C. Kron

                    Title: Managing Director






<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE I
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                           APPLICABLE LENDING OFFICES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>       <C>                    <C>                            <C>                         <C>


        Name of            Revolving Credit                 Domestic                    Eurodollar
    Initial Lender            Commitment                 Lending Office               Lending Office


    Citibank, N.A.           $350,000,000                Two Penns Way
                                                         New Castle,
                                                         Delaware  19720
                                                         Attention: Lenny Sarcona
                                                         Telephone: 302-894-6003
                                                         Facsimile: 302-894-6120

</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE II
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                             TERMS OF SUBORDINATION

     Terms defined in the Credit Agreements  referred to below are used in these
Terms of Subordination  with their defined meanings except as otherwise  defined
herein.

             I. SUBORDINATION TERMS OF AFFILIATE SUBORDINATED DEBT.

     SECTION 1. "Affiliate  Subordinated Debt" Defined.  "Affiliate Subordinated
Debt" means,  for purposes of these Terms of Subordination  (this  "Agreement"),
[describe the specific  Affiliate  Subordinated Debt that is being  subordinated
hereby--to  include  all  amounts  payable  in  connection   therewith],   which
constitutes  Debt of the  Borrower  originally  issued  to a  Person  that is an
Affiliate  of the  Borrower  and  which is  subordinated  on the terms set forth
below. Debt of the Borrower payable to any entity that is formed by the Borrower
or an Affiliate of the  Borrower  for the purpose of issuing  securities  in the
public or  capital  markets,  or in a private  placement,  shall not  constitute
"Affiliate Subordinated Debt" for all purposes hereof.

     SECTION 2. Agreement to Subordinate.  The holder hereof (the  "Subordinated
Creditor") and the Borrower each agree that the Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt is
and shall be subordinate, to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth,
to the prior payment in full of all obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter
existing under the Facility A, Facility B and Facility C Credit Agreements, each
dated  as of  April  1,  1999,  as from  time to time  in  effect  (the  "Credit
Agreements"), among the Borrower, the financial institution(s) party thereto and
Citibank, N.A., as Agent for such financial institution(s), and the Notes issued
pursuant  thereto,   whether  for  principal,   interest   (including,   without
limitation,  interest,  as provided in the Notes, accruing after the filing of a
petition  initiating any proceeding  referred to in Section 3(a), whether or not
such  interest  accrues  after the filing of such  petition  for purposes of the
Federal  Bankruptcy  code or is an  allowed  claim  in such  proceeding),  fees,
expenses  or  otherwise  (such  obligations  of the  Borrower  under the  Credit
Agreements  being the  "Obligations").  For the purposes of this Agreement,  the
Obligations  shall not be deemed to have been paid in full until the Termination
Date under each Credit Agreement shall have elapsed and unless the Lenders shall
have received payment of the Obligations in full in cash.

     SECTION 3. Events of  Subordination.  (a) In the event of any  dissolution,
winding up, liquidation,  arrangement,  reorganization,  adjustment, protection,
relief or  composition  of the  Borrower  or its  debts,  whether  voluntary  or
involuntary,  in  any  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   arrangement,   reorganization,
receivership,  relief or other similar case or  proceeding  under any Federal or
State  bankruptcy  or  similar  law or upon an  assignment  for the  benefit  of
creditors or any other  marshaling of the assets and liabilities of the Borrower
or otherwise,  the Lenders  shall be entitled to receive  payment in full of the
Obligations before the Subordinated  Creditor is entitled to receive any payment
of  all  or  any  of  the  Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt,  and  any  payment  or
distribution  of any  kind  (whether  in  cash,  property  or  securities)  that
otherwise would be payable or deliverable  upon or with respect to the Affiliate
Subordinated  Debt  in any  such  case,  proceeding,  assignment  or  marshaling
(including  any  payment  that may be payable by reason of any other Debt of the
Borrower being subordinated to payment of the Affiliate Subordinated Debt) shall
be paid or  delivered  directly  to  Citibank,  N.A.,  as Agent under the Credit
Agreements, for the account of the Lenders for application (in the case of cash)
to, or as collateral (in the case of non-cash  property or securities)  for, the
payment or prepayment of the Obligations  until the Obligations  shall have been
paid in full.

     (b) In the event  that (i) any  Default or Event of  Default  described  in
Section  6.01(a) of a Credit  Agreement  shall have occurred and be  continuing,
(ii) any Event of Default  (other than as referred  to in the  preceding  clause
(i)) shall have  occurred and be  continuing  or (iii) any  judicial  proceeding
shall  be  pending  with  respect  to any  Event  of  Default,  then no  payment
(including  any  payment  that may be payable by reason of any other Debt of the
Borrower being  subordinated to payment of the Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt) or
distribution of any kind, whether in cash, property or securities, shall be made
by or on behalf of the Borrower for or on account of any Affiliate  Subordinated
Debt, and the Subordinated Creditor shall not take or receive from the Borrower,
directly  or  indirectly,  in cash or other  property or by set-off in any other
manner, including, without limitation, from or by way of collateral,  payment of
all or any of the Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt until the Obligations shall have
been paid in full.

     (c) No payment  (including any payment that may be payable by reason of any
other Debt of the Borrower  being  subordinated  to the payment of the Affiliate
Subordinated  Debt) or  distribution of any kind,  whether in cash,  property or
securities,  shall be made by or on behalf of the  Borrower for or on account of
any Affiliate Subordinated Debt, and the Subordinated Creditor shall not take or
receive  from  the  Borrower,  directly  or  indirectly,  in cash,  property  or
securities or by set-off or in any other manner, including,  without limitation,
from  or by  way  of  collateral,  payment  of  all  or  any  of  the  Affiliate
Subordinated Debt at any time unless at the end of the fiscal quarter (including
the fourth fiscal quarter) of the Borrower for which  financial  statements have
most recently been  delivered to the Agent by the Borrower  pursuant to Sections
5.01(f) or (g) of the Credit  Agreements  on or preceding  the date on which the
Borrower  takes such action,  the ratio of Cash  Available  for  Corporate  Debt
Service to Corporate  Interest was at least  2.0:1.0,  calculated for the period
comprised  of the four  fiscal  quarters  ending  on the date of such  financial
statements  and  with  effect  from  the  date of  delivery  of  such  financial
statements.

     SECTION 4. In  Furtherance  of  Subordination.  The  Subordinated  Creditor
agrees as follows:

     (a) If any proceeding  referred to in Section 3(a) above is commenced by or
against the Borrower,

                    (i)  Citibank,  N.A.,  as Agent for the  Lenders,  is hereby
                         irrevocably  authorized  and empowered (in its own name
                         or  in  the  name  of  the  Subordinated   Creditor  or
                         otherwise),  but shall have no  obligation,  to demand,
                         sue  for,   collect  and  receive   every   payment  or
                         distribution  referred  to in  Section  3(a)  and  give
                         acquittance  therefor  and to file claims and proofs of
                         claim and take such other  action  (including,  without
                         limitation,  voting the Affiliate  Subordinated Debt or
                         enforcing any security  interest or other lien securing
                         payment of the Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt) as it may
                         deem   necessary  or  advisable  for  the  exercise  or
                         enforcement  of any of the rights or  interests  of the
                         Agent or the Lenders hereunder; and

                    (ii) the Subordinated  Creditor shall duly and promptly take
                         such reasonable action as Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for
                         the Lenders, may request (A) to permit Citibank,  N.A.,
                         as Agent for the Lenders,  to collect the  Subordinated
                         Debt  for  the  account  of the  Lenders  and  to  file
                         appropriate claims or proofs of claim in respect of the
                         Subordinated  Debt,  (B)  to  execute  and  deliver  to
                         Citibank,   N.A.,  as  Agent  for  the  Lenders,   such
                         documents as Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,
                         may  reasonably  request  in order to enable  Citibank,
                         N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  to enforce any and all
                         claims with respect to, and any security  interests and
                         other liens securing payment of, the Subordinated Debt,
                         and (C) to collect and receive any and all  payments or
                         distributions  which may be payable or deliverable upon
                         or with respect to the Subordinated Debt.

     (b) All payments or  distributions  upon or with  respect to the  Affiliate
Subordinated  Debt which are received by the Subordinated  Creditor  contrary to
the provisions of this  Agreement  shall be received in trust for the benefit of
the  Lenders,  shall be  segregated  from other funds and  property  held by the
Subordinated  Creditor and shall be forthwith  paid over to Citibank,  N.A.,  as
Agent for the Lenders,  for the account of the  Lenders,  in the same form as so
received  (with any necessary  indorsement)  to be applied (in the case of cash)
to, or held as collateral (in the case of non-cash  property or securities) for,
the payment or prepayment of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of the
Credit Agreements.

     (c) Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders, is hereby authorized to seek
specific  performance of this Agreement,  whether or not the Borrower shall have
complied with any of the  provisions  hereof  applicable to it, at any time when
the Subordinated Creditor shall have failed to comply with any of the provisions
of this Agreement applicable to it.

     SECTION 5. No  Commencement of Any Proceeding.  The  Subordinated  Creditor
agrees  that,  so long as the  Obligations  shall  not have been paid in full in
cash,  the  Subordinated  Creditor will not sue for payment of all or any of the
Affiliate  Subordinated Debt, or commence,  or join with any creditor other than
the Lenders,  Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  and such creditors for
the  benefit of which  these  subordination  provisions  have been  extended  in
accordance with Section 10, in commencing any proceeding  referred to in Section
3(a);  provided,  however,  that the foregoing  provisions shall not prevent the
Subordinated  Creditor from  commencing  and  prosecuting to judgment any action
necessary  to  enforce  such  Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt  during  the  period
commencing one year prior to the expiration of the limitation  period  governing
such Affiliate Subordinated Debt under any applicable statute of limitations.

     SECTION 6. Rights of Subrogation.  The Subordinated Creditor agrees that no
payment or distribution to Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  or to the
Lenders,  pursuant  to the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  entitle  the
Subordinated  Creditor to exercise any right of subrogation  in respect  thereof
until the  Obligations  shall have been paid in full. From and after the payment
in full of the Obligations, the Subordinated Creditor shall be subrogated to all
rights  of the  Agent  and the  Lenders  to  receive  any  further  payments  or
distributions  applicable to the  Obligations  until the Affiliate  Subordinated
Debt  shall  have  been  paid in  full,  in  addition  to all  other  rights  of
subrogation  that the  Subordinated  Creditor may have. For purposes of any such
subrogation,  no payments or distributions  on the Obligations  pursuant to this
Agreement shall, as between the Borrower,  its creditors other than the Lenders,
and the Subordinated  Creditor,  be deemed to be a payment by the Borrower to or
on  account  of  the  Obligations,  and  no  payments  or  distributions  to the
Subordinated Creditor of assets by virtue of the subrogation herein provided for
shall, as between the Borrower,  its creditors  other than the Lenders,  and the
Subordinated  Creditor,  be  deemed  to be a  payment  to or on  account  of the
Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt.  The  provisions  of this  Agreement  are and are
intended  solely  for  the  purpose  of  defining  the  relative  rights  of the
Subordinated  Creditor,  on the one hand,  and the Lenders and the Agent for the
benefit  of the  Lenders,  on the other  hand,  and  nothing  contained  in this
Agreement is intended to or shall impair the  obligation of the Borrower,  which
is unconditional and absolute, to pay the principal of (and premium, if any) and
interest on the  Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt as and when the same shall become
due and payable in accordance with its terms,  or, except as provided in Section
10 below,  to affect the relative  rights of the  Subordinated  Creditor and the
creditors of the  Borrower  other than the Lenders,  nor shall  anything  herein
prevent the  Subordinated  Creditors  from  exercising  all  remedies  otherwise
permitted by applicable law upon default under the Affiliate  Subordinated Debt,
subject to the  rights,  if any,  under this  Agreement,  of the Lenders and the
Agent,  for the  benefit  of the  Lenders,  in  respect  of  cash,  property  or
securities of the Borrower  otherwise  payable or delivered to the  Subordinated
Creditor upon the exercise of any such remedy.

     SECTION 7.  Agreements  in  Respect of  Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt.  The
Subordinated  Creditor  will not sell,  assign,  pledge,  encumber or  otherwise
dispose of any of the Affiliate  Subordinated Debt unless such sale, assignment,
pledge,  encumbrance or disposition  (i) is to a person or entity other than the
Borrower and (ii) is made expressly subject to this Agreement.

     SECTION 8. Obligations  Hereunder Not Affected.  All rights and interest of
Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  and the Lenders  hereunder,  and all
agreements and obligations of the  Subordinated  Creditor and the Borrower under
this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect irrespective of:

                    (i)  any  lack of  validity  or  enforceability  of a Credit
                         Agreement,  a Note or any other agreement or instrument
                         relating thereto;

                    (ii) any change in the time,  manner or place of payment of,
                         or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations,
                         or any other  amendment  or waiver of or any consent to
                         any  departure  from  a  Credit  Agreement  or a  Note,
                         including,  without  limitation,  any  increase  in the
                         Obligations  resulting from the extension of additional
                         credit to the Borrower or otherwise;

                    (iii)any taking, exchange,  release or non-perfection of any
                         other collateral,  or any taking,  release or amendment
                         or waiver of or consent to departure from any guaranty,
                         for all or any of the Obligations;

                    (iv) any manner of application  of  collateral,  or proceeds
                         thereof,  to all or  any  of  the  Obligations,  or any
                         manner of sale or other  disposition  of any collateral
                         for all or any of the  Obligations  or any other assets
                         of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries;

                    (v)  any  change,   restructuring   or  termination  of  the
                         corporate structure or existence of the Borrower; or

                    (vi) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
                         a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower
                         or a subordinated creditor.

     This Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case
may be, if at any time any payment of any of the  Obligations  is  rescinded  or
must otherwise be returned by Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  or any
Lender upon the  insolvency,  bankruptcy  or  reorganization  of the Borrower or
otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

     SECTION 9. Waiver.  The Subordinated  Creditor and the Borrower each hereby
waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance and any other
notice with respect to any of the Obligations and this Agreement and any
requirement that Citibank, N.A., as Agent for the Lenders, or any Lender
protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property
subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against the Borrower or
any other person or entity or any collateral.

     SECTION 10. Extension of  Subordination.  The Borrower and the Subordinated
Creditor shall not subordinate the Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt for the benefit
of any one or more other creditors of the Borrower,  now or hereafter  existing,
upon any terms other than those set forth in this  Agreement.  The  Borrower and
the  Subordinated  Creditor  shall have the right to  subordinate  the Affiliate
Subordinated  Debt for the  benefit  of any one or more other  creditors  of the
Borrower,  now or  hereafter  existing,  upon the same terms as are set forth in
this Agreement.

          II. SUBORDINATION TERMS OF NON-AFFILIATE SUBORDINATED DEBT.

     SECTION  1.  "Non-Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt"  Defined.   "Non-Affiliate
Subordinated  Debt" means,  for purposes of these Terms of  Subordination  (this
"Agreement"),  [describe the specific  Non-Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt that is
being  subordinated  herein -- to include  all  amounts  payable  in  connection
therewith]  which  constitutes (i) Debt of the Borrower owed to a Person that is
not an  Affiliate of the  Borrower  and which is  subordinated  on the terms set
forth below or (ii) Debt of the Borrower payable to any entity that is formed by
the  Borrower  or an  Affiliate  of the  Borrower  for the  purpose  of  issuing
securities  in the public or capital  markets,  or in a private  placement,  and
which is subordinated on the terms set forth below.

     SECTION 2. Agreement to Subordinate.  The holders hereof (the "Subordinated
Creditor") and the Borrower each agree that the Non-Affiliate  Subordinated Debt
is and shall be  subordinate,  to the extent and in the manner  hereinafter  set
forth,  to the prior payment in full of all  obligations  of the Borrower now or
hereafter  existing  under the  Facility  A,  Facility  B and  Facility C Credit
Agreements,  each dated as of April 1, 1999, as from time to time in effect (the
"Credit  Agreements"),  among the  Borrower,  the financial  institutions  party
thereto and Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for such financial  institutions,  and the
Notes issued  pursuant  thereto,  whether for  principal,  interest  (including,
without  limitation,  interest,  as  provided in the Notes,  accruing  after the
filing of a petition  initiating  any  proceeding  referred to in Section  3(a),
whether  or not such  interest  accrues  after the filing of such  petition  for
purposes  of  the  Federal  Bankruptcy  Code  or is an  allowed  claim  in  such
proceeding), fees, expenses or otherwise (such obligations of the Borrower being
the  "Obligations").  For the purposes of this Agreement,  the Obligations shall
not be deemed to have been paid in full  until the  Termination  Date under each
Credit  Agreement  shall have elapsed and unless the Lenders shall have received
payment of the Obligations in full in cash.

     SECTION 3. Events of  Subordination.  (a) In the event of any  dissolution,
winding up, liquidation,  arrangement,  reorganization,  adjustment, protection,
relief or  composition  of the  Borrower  or its  debts,  whether  voluntary  or
involuntary,  in  any  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   arrangement,   reorganization,
receivership,  relief or other similar case or  proceeding  under any Federal or
State  bankruptcy  or  similar  law or upon an  assignment  for the  benefit  of
creditors or any other marshaling of the assets and liabilities of the Borrower,
the  Lenders  shall be entitled  to receive  payment in full of the  Obligations
before the  Subordinated  Creditor  is entitled to receive any payment of all or
any of the Non-Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt, and any payment or distribution of
any kind  (whether in cash,  property or  securities)  that  otherwise  would be
payable or deliverable  upon or with respect to the  Non-Affiliate  Subordinated
Debt in any such case,  proceeding,  assignment  or  marshaling  (including  any
payment  that may be payable by reason of any other Debt of the  Borrower  being
subordinated to payment of the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt) shall be paid or
delivered  directly to Citibank,  N.A., as Agent under the Credit Agreements for
the  account of the  Lenders,  for  application  (in the case of cash) to, or as
collateral (in the case of non-cash  property or securities) for, the payment or
prepayment  of the  Obligations  until the  Obligations  shall have been paid in
full.  For purposes of this Section  "property  or  securities"  of the Borrower
shall not be deemed to include shares of stock of the Borrower as reorganized or
readjusted,  or securities of the Borrower or any other corporation provided for
by  a  plan  of  reorganization  or  readjustment,   the  payment  of  which  is
subordinated  to the Obligations at least to the extent provided in this Section
to the payment of all Obligations that may at the time be outstanding, provided,
however,  that (i) the Obligations are assumed by the new  corporation,  if any,
resulting from any such  reorganization or readjustment,  and (ii) the rights of
the Lenders under the Credit Agreements are not, without their consent,  altered
by such reorganization or readjustment.

(b) Upon the maturity of the Obligations, whether by acceleration or otherwise,
no payment (including any payment that may be payable by reason of any other
Debt of the Borrower being subordinated to the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt)
shall be made by or on behalf of the Borrower for or on account of any
Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt, and the Subordinated Creditor shall not take or
receive from the Borrower, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or
by set-off or in any other manner, including, without limitation, from or by way
of collateral, payment of all or any of the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt
until the Obligations shall have been paid in full.

(c) In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall make
any payment to the Subordinated Creditor prohibited by the foregoing provisions
of this Section 3, then in such event such payment shall be held in trust and
paid over and delivered forthwith to the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders,
for application to the Obligations.

                  SECTION 4. Trust Monies Not Subordinated. Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, funds (other than funds
paid in violation of the provisions of this Agreement) held in trust by a
trustee for the Subordinated Creditor for the payment of the principal of,
premium, if any, and interest on the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt shall not
be subordinated to the prior payment of any Obligations or subject to the
restrictions set forth in this Agreement, and no holder of the Non-Affiliate
Subordinated Debt nor such trustee shall be obligated to pay over such amount to
the Borrower, the Lenders or the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, or any
other designated representative of the Lenders, or any other creditor of the
Borrower.

SECTION 5. Payment Permitted if No Default. Nothing contained in this Agreement
shall prevent the Borrower, at any time except during the pendency of any
proceeding referred to in Section 3(a) hereof or under the conditions described
in Section 3(b) hereof, from making payments owing to the Subordinated Creditor.
Further, nothing in this Agreement shall have any effect on the right of the
Subordinated Creditor or its representatives to accelerate the maturity of the
Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt upon the occurrence of an event of default
thereunder or to exercise any or all of its remedies against the Borrower
permitted by applicable law in respect of the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt,
but, in that event, no payment may be made in violation of the provisions of
this Agreement.

     SECTION 6. Obligations Hereunder Not Affected.  (a) No right of the Lenders
or the Agent,  for the  benefit of the  Lenders,  to enforce  the  subordination
provisions  provided  herein  shall  at any  time  in any way be  prejudiced  or
impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the  Borrower or by any act
or any failure to act, in good faith, by the Agent or any such Lender, or by any
noncompliance  by the Borrower with the terms,  provisions and covenants of this
Agreement.

     (b) Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing  paragraph,
the Lenders and the Agent may, at any time and from time to
time, without the consent of or notice to the Subordinated Creditor, without
incurring responsibility to the Subordinated Creditor and without impairing or
releasing the subordination provided in this Agreement or the obligations
hereunder of the Subordinated Creditor to the Lenders, do any one or more of the
following: (i) change the manner, place or terms of payment or extend the time
of payment of, or renew or alter, the Obligations, or otherwise amend or modify
in any manner the Credit Agreements or the Notes; (ii) permit the Borrower to
borrow, repay and then reborrow any or all of the Obligations; (iii) sell,
exchange, release or otherwise deal with any property pledged, mortgaged or
otherwise securing the Obligations; (iv) release any Person liable in any manner
for the collection of Obligations; (v) exercise or refrain from exercising any
rights against the Borrower and any other Person; or (vi) apply any sums
received by them to the Obligations.

     SECTION 7. Provisions  Solely to Define Relative Rights.  The provisions of
this  Agreement  are and are  intended  solely for the purpose of  defining  the
relative rights of the Subordinated  Creditor on the one hand and the Lenders on
the other hand.  Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to or shall (a)
impair,  as among the  Borrower,  its  creditors  other than the Lenders and the
Subordinated  Creditor,  the  obligation of the Borrower,  which is absolute and
unconditional  (and  which,  subject to the  rights  under  this  Agreement,  is
intended to rank equally with all other general obligations of the Borrower), to
pay to the Subordinated Creditor the principal of, premium, if any, and interest
on the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt as and when the same shall become due and
payable in accordance  with its terms; or (b) affect the relative rights against
the Borrower, the Subordinated Creditor and creditors of the Borrower other than
the  Subordinated  Creditor;  or (c)  prevent  the  Subordinated  Creditor  from
exercising  all remedies  otherwise  permitted by applicable law with respect to
the Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt upon default, subject to the rights, if any,
under  this  Agreement  of the  Lenders  and the Agent,  for the  benefit of the
Lenders.

     SECTION 8. Rights of Subrogation.  The Subordinated Creditor agrees that no
payment or distribution to Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for the Lenders,  or to the
Lenders,  pursuant  to the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  entitle  the
Subordinated  Creditor to exercise any right of subrogation  in respect  thereof
until  the  Obligations  shall  have  been paid in full.  For  purposes  of such
subrogation,  no payments or distributions  on the Obligations  pursuant to this
Agreement shall, as between the Borrower,  its creditors other than the Lenders,
and the Subordinated  Creditor,  be deemed to be a payment by the Borrower to or
on  account  of  the  Obligations,  and  no  payments  or  distributions  to the
Subordinated Creditor of assets by virtue of the subrogation herein provided for
shall, as between the Borrower,  its creditors  other than the Lenders,  and the
Subordinated  Creditor,  be  deemed  to be a  payment  to or on  account  of the
Non-Affiliate Subordinated Debt.

     SECTION 9. Extension of  Subordination.  The Borrower and the  Subordinated
Creditor  shall not  subordinate  the  Non-Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt for the
benefit of any one or more other  creditors  of the  Borrower,  now or hereafter
existing  upon any terms  other  than  those set  forth in this  Agreement.  The
Borrower and the  Subordinated  Creditor shall have the right to subordinate the
Non-Affiliate  Subordinated  Debt  for the  benefit  of any  one or  more  other
creditors of the Borrower, now or hereafter existing, upon the same terms as are
set forth in this Agreement. xxx



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A-1
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                          FORM OF REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE




               U.S.$_______________      Dated: _______________, ____



     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the  undersigned,  SOUTHERN  ENERGY,  INC., a Delaware
corporation     (the     "Borrower"),     HEREBY     PROMISES    TO    PAY    to
_________________________  (the  "Lender")  for the  account  of its  Applicable
Lending Office on the Termination Date (each as defined in the Facility C Credit
Agreement  referred to below) the principal sum of  U.S.$[amount of the Lender's
Revolving  Credit  Commitment in figures] or, if less,  the aggregate  principal
amount of the  Revolving  Credit  Advances  made by the  Lender to the  Borrower
pursuant to the Facility C Credit  Agreement dated as of April 1, 1999 among the
Borrower,  the Lender and certain other financial  institutions  parties thereto
and  Citibank,   N.A.,  as  Agent  for  the  Lender  and  such  other  financial
institutions (as amended or modified from time to time, the "Credit  Agreement";
the terms defined therein being used herein as therein  defined)  outstanding on
the Termination Date.

     The  Borrower  promises to pay interest on the unpaid  principal  amount of
each Revolving  Credit  Advance from the date of such  Revolving  Credit Advance
until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable
at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.

     Both  principal  and  interest  are  payable in lawful  money of the United
States of America to Citibank, N.A., as Agent, at 399 Park Avenue, New York, New
York 10043, in same day funds. Each Revolving Credit Advance owing to the Lender
by the  Borrower  pursuant to the Credit  Agreement,  and all  payments  made on
account of principal thereof,  shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any
transfer  hereof,  endorsed on the grid  attached  hereto  which is part of this
Promissory Note.

     This Promissory  Note is one of the Revolving  Credit Notes referred to in,
and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement.  The Credit Agreement,
among other things,  (i) provides for the making of Revolving Credit Advances by
the  Lender to the  Borrower  from time to time in an  aggregate  amount  not to
exceed at any time outstanding the U.S. dollar amount first above mentioned, the
debt of the Borrower  resulting  from each such  Revolving  Credit Advance being
evidenced by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration
of the maturity  hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for
prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the
terms and conditions therein specified.

                    SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.




                    By
                    -------------------------

                    Title:


<PAGE>


                       ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>     <C>                      <C>                    <C>                     <C>                   <C>



------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
                                                      Amount of
         Date                  Amount of           Principal Paid        Unpaid Principal           Notation
                                Advance              or Prepaid               Balance                Made By
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

------------------------ ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
</TABLE>



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A-2
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                          FORM OF COMPETITIVE BID NOTE

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE




               U.S.$_______________      Dated: _______________, ____



     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the  undersigned,  SOUTHERN  ENERGY,  INC., a Delaware
corporation     (the     "Borrower"),     HEREBY     PROMISES    TO    PAY    to
_________________________  (the  "Lender")  for the  account  of its  Applicable
Lending Office (as defined in the Facility C Credit  Agreement dated as of April
1, 1999 among the Borrower,  the Lender and certain other financial institutions
parties  thereto,  and  Citibank,  N.A.,  as Agent for the Lender and such other
financial  institutions  (as amended or modified from time to time,  the "Credit
Agreement"; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined)), on
________, _____, the principal amount of U.S.$____________.

     The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount hereof
from the  date  hereof  until  such  principal  amount  is paid in full,  at the
interest rate and payable on the interest payment date or dates provided below:

     Interest Rate:  _____% per annum (calculated on the basis of a year of ____
days for the actual number of days elapsed).

     Both  principal  and  interest  are  payable in lawful  money of the United
States of America to Citibank,  N.A., as Agent, for the account of the Lender at
the office of the Agent,  at 399 Park Avenue,  New York,  New York 10043 in same
day funds.

     This  Promissory  Note is one of the  Competitive Bid Notes referred to in,
and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement.  The Credit Agreement,
among other things,  contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof
upon the happening of certain stated events.

     The Borrower hereby waives presentment,  demand,  protest and notice of any
kind. No failure to exercise,  and no delay in exercising,  any rights hereunder
on the part of the holder hereof shall operate as a waiver of such rights.

     This  Promissory  Note shall be governed by, and  construed  in  accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York.

                    SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.




                    By
                    -------------------------

                    Title:


<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT B-1
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                  FORM OF NOTICE OF REVOLVING CREDIT BORROWING

     Citibank, N.A., as Agent

     for the Lenders parties

     to the Credit Agreement

     referred to below

     399 Park Avenue

     New York, New York 10043

     [Date]

     Attention: ____________________


     Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned,  SOUTHERN ENERGY,  INC.,  refers to the Facility C Credit
Agreement,  dated as of April 1, 1999 (as amended or modified from time to time,
the "Credit  Agreement",  the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among the undersigned,  certain financial institutions parties thereto
and Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for said financial institutions,  and hereby gives
you notice,  irrevocably,  pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement that
the undersigned  hereby requests a Revolving  Credit  Borrowing under the Credit
Agreement,  and in that connection sets forth below the information  relating to
such Revolving Credit Borrowing (the "Proposed  Revolving Credit  Borrowing") as
required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:

                    (i)  The  Business  Day of  the  Proposed  Revolving  Credit
                         Borrowing is _______________, ____.

                    (ii) The Type of Revolving  Credit  Advances  comprising the
                         Proposed  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing  is  [Base  Rate
                         Advances] [Eurodollar Rate Advances].

                    (iii)The aggregate  amount of the Proposed  Revolving Credit
                         Borrowing is $_______________.

                    [(iv)The initial  Interest  Period for each  Eurodollar Rate
                         Advance made as part of the Proposed  Revolving  Credit
                         Borrowing is __________ month[s].]

     * The undersigned  hereby certifies that on the date hereof and on the date
of the Proposed  Revolving Credit Borrowing the  representations  and warranties
contained in Section 4.01 of the Credit  Agreement  (except  those  contained in
Sections  4.01(h) and (j)) are or will be, as the case may be,  correct,  before
and after giving effect to the Proposed  Revolving  Credit  Borrowing and to the
application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date.

                    Very truly yours,

                    SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.


                    By
                    -------------------------

                    Title:


<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT B-2
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                   FORM OF NOTICE OF COMPETITIVE BID BORROWING


     Citibank, N.A., as Agent

     for the Lenders parties

     to the Credit Agreement

     referred to below

     399 Park Avenue

     New York, New York 10043

     [Date]

     Attention: _____________________________

     Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned,  Southern Energy,  Inc.,  refers to the Facility C Credit
Agreement,  dated as of April 1, 1999 (as amended or modified from time to time,
the "Credit  Agreement",  the terms defined therein being used herein as therein
defined), among the undersigned,  certain financial institutions parties thereto
and Citibank,  N.A., as Agent for said financial institutions,  and hereby gives
you notice,  irrevocably,  pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that
the  undersigned  hereby  requests a Competitive  Bid Borrowing under the Credit
Agreement, and in that connection sets forth the terms on which such Competitive
Bid Borrowing  (the  "Proposed  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing") is requested to be
made:

     (A) Date of Competitive Bid Borrowing ________________________

     (B) Amount of Competitive Bid Borrowing________________________

     (C) Interest Period(s) ________________________

     (D)  Maturity  Date   ________________________

     (E) Interest Rate Basis ________________________

     (F) Interest Payment Date(s) ________________________

     (G) Prepayment Provisions ________________________

     (H) ________________________ ________________________


     The undersigned hereby certifies that on the date hereof and on the date of
the Proposed  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  the  representations  and  warranties
contained in Section 4.01 (except those  contained in Sections  4.01(h) and (j))
of the Credit Agreement are or will be, as the case may be, correct,  before and
after  giving  effect  to the  Proposed  Competitive  Bid  Borrowing  and to the
application  of the proceeds  therefrom,  as though made on and as of such date;
and the aggregate amount of the Proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing and all other
Borrowings to be made on the same day under the Credit  Agreement is equal to or
less than the aggregate amount of the unused Commitments of the Lenders.

     The undersigned hereby confirms that the Proposed Competitive Bid Borrowing
is to be made  available  to it in  accordance  with Section  2.03(a)(v)  of the
Credit Agreement.

                    Very truly yours,

                    SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.




                    By
                    -----------------------------

                    Title:


<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT C-1-A
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                        FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
                          (Not for General Syndication)




     Reference is made to the Facility C Credit  Agreement  dated as of April 1,
1999 (as amended or modified from time to time,  the "Credit  Agreement")  among
SOUTHERN  ENERGY,  INC.,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Borrower"),   certain
financial  institutions  parties  thereto and Citibank,  N.A., as agent for said
financial institutions (the "Agent").  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are
used herein with the same meaning.

     The "Assignor" and the "Assignee" referred to on Schedule I hereto agree as
follows:

     1. The Assignor hereby sells and assigns to the Assignee,  and the Assignee
hereby  purchases  and  assumes  from the  Assignor,  an  interest in and to the
Assignor's  rights and  obligations  under the Credit  Agreement  as of the date
hereof equal to the  percentage  interest  specified on Schedule 1 hereto of all
outstanding  rights and  obligations  under the Credit  Agreement.  After giving
effect to such sale and assignment,  the Assignee's  Revolving Credit Commitment
and the amount of the Revolving Credit Advances owing to the Assignee will be as
set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

     2. The  Assignor  (i)  represents  and  warrants  that it is the  legal and
beneficial  owner of the interest  being  assigned by it hereunder and that such
interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii) makes no representation or
warranty  and  assumes  no  responsibility   with  respect  to  any  statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement
or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,  genuineness,  sufficiency
or value of the Credit Agreement or any other  instrument or document  furnished
pursuant  thereto;  (iii) makes no  representation  or  warranty  and assumes no
responsibility  with respect to the  financial  condition of the Borrower or the
performance  or observance by the Borrower of any of its  obligations  under the
Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto;
and (iv)  attaches the  Revolving  Credit Note held by the Assignor and requests
that the Agent  exchange such Revolving  Credit Note for a new Revolving  Credit
Note  payable  to the  Assignee  in an  amount  equal  to the  Revolving  Credit
Commitment assumed by the Assignee pursuant hereto or new Revolving Credit Notes
payable to the Assignee in an amount equal to the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment
assumed by the Assignee  pursuant  hereto and the Assignor in an amount equal to
the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  retained  by the  Assignor  under the Credit
Agreement, respectively, as specified on Schedule 1 hereto.

     3. The  Assignee  (i)  confirms  that it has  received a copy of the Credit
Agreement,  together  with  copies of the  financial  statements  referred to in
Section 4.01 thereof and such other  documents and  information as it has deemed
appropriate  to make its own credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter into this
Assignment and Acceptance;  (ii) agrees that it will,  independently and without
reliance  upon the Agent,  the  Assignor  or any other  Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,  continue to
make its own credit  decisions  in taking or not taking  action under the Credit
Agreement;  (iii)  confirms  that it is an  Eligible  Assignee  or that it is an
entity  that has been  approved  by the  Borrower  and the Agent  under  Section
8.07(a) of the Credit Agreement;  (iv) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take
such  action as agent on its behalf and to exercise  such powers and  discretion
under the Credit  Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms  thereof,
together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably  incidental  thereto;
(v) agrees  that it will  perform  in  accordance  with  their  terms all of the
obligations  that by the  terms  of the  Credit  Agreement  are  required  to be
performed by it as a Lender; and (vi) attaches any U.S. Internal Revenue Service
forms required under Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.

     4. Following the execution of this  Assignment and  Acceptance,  it will be
delivered to the Agent for acceptance and recording by the Agent.  The effective
date for this Assignment and Acceptance (the "Effective Date") shall be the date
of  acceptance  hereof by the Agent,  unless  otherwise  specified on Schedule 1
hereto.

     5. Upon such  acceptance  and  recording by the Agent,  as of the Effective
Date,  (i) the  Assignee  shall be a party to the Credit  Agreement  and, to the
extent  provided  in  this  Assignment  and  Acceptance,  have  the  rights  and
obligations of a Lender  thereunder and (ii) the Assignor  shall,  to the extent
provided  in this  Assignment  and  Acceptance,  relinquish  its  rights  and be
released from its obligations  (other than under Sections  2.14(f),  8.07(g) and
8.08) still under the Credit Agreement.

     6. Upon such  acceptance  and  recording  by the Agent,  from and after the
Effective Date, the Agent shall make all payments under the Credit Agreement and
the  Revolving  Credit  Notes  in  respect  of  the  interest   assigned  hereby
(including, without limitation, all payments of principal, interest and facility
fees with respect thereto) to the Assignee. The Assignor and Assignee shall make
all  appropriate  adjustments  in payments  under the Credit  Agreement  and the
Revolving  Credit Notes for periods prior to the Effective Date directly between
themselves.

     7. This  Assignment and  Acceptance  shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

     8.  This  Assignment  and  Acceptance  may be  executed  in any  number  of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate  counterparts,  each of
which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall  constitute one and the same  agreement.  Delivery of an executed
counterpart of Schedule 1 to this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopier  shall
be effective as delivery of a manually  executed  counterpart of this Assignment
and Acceptance.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and the Assignee have caused Schedule 1 to
this  Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their officers  thereunto duly
authorized as of the date specified thereon.



<PAGE>


                                   Schedule 1
                                       to
                            Assignment and Acceptance



     Percentage interest assigned: _____%

     Assignee's Revolving Credit Commitment: $_______________

     Aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving

     Credit Advances assigned: $_______________

     Principal   amount  of   Revolving   Credit  Note   payable  to   Assignee:
     $_______________

     Principal   amount  of   Revolving   Credit  Note   payable  to   Assignor:
     $_______________

     Effective Date*: _______________, ____



                    [NAME OF ASSIGNOR], as Assignor


                    By
                    -------------------------

                    Title:

                    Dated: _______________, ____


                    [NAME OF ASSIGNEE], as Assignee


                    By
                    -------------------------

                    Title:

     Domestic Lending Office: [Address]


     Eurodollar Lending Office: [Address]


     Accepted this __________ day of _______________, _____

     CITIBANK, N.A., as Agent

     By
     ------------------------------
     Title:

     *Agreed this ___________ day of _______________, _____

     SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.

     By
     ------------------------------
     Title:



<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT C-1-B
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                        MASTER ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
                            (For General Syndication)

                         Dated as of________ ,_____ 1999





     Reference is made to the Facility C Credit  Agreement  dated as of April 1,
1999 (as amended or modified from time to time,  the "Credit  Agreement")  among
SOUTHERN ENERGY,  INC., a Delaware  corporation (the "Borrower"),  the financial
institution  party  thereto  and  CITIBANK,  N.A.,  as agent for said  financial
institution (the "Agent"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein
with the same meaning.

     The "Assignor"  and the  "Assignees"  listed on the signature  pages hereof
agree as follows:

     1. The  Assignor  hereby  sells  and  assigns  to each  Assignee,  and each
Assignee hereby  purchases and assumes from the Assignor,  an interest in and to
the Assignor's  rights (including each Revolving Credit Advance) and obligations
under the Credit Agreement equal to the Percentage  Interest Assigned  specified
on Schedule 1 hereto opposite the name of such Assignee.  After giving effect to
all sales and assignments  effected  hereby,  the Assignor's and each Assignee's
Revolving Credit Commitment and the amount of the Revolving Credit Note payable,
and of the Revolving  Credit  Advances  owing, to the Assignor and each Assignee
will be as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

     2. The  Assignor  (i)  represents  and  warrants  that it is the  legal and
beneficial  owner of the interest  being  assigned by it hereunder and that such
interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii) makes no representation or
warranty  and  assumes  no  responsibility   with  respect  to  any  statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement
or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,  genuineness,  sufficiency
or value of the Credit Agreement or any other  instrument or document  furnished
pursuant  thereto;  and (iii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility  with respect to the  financial  condition of the Borrower or the
performance  or observance by the Borrower of any of its  obligations  under the
Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto.

     3. The Assignor has delivered  the Revolving  Credit Note held by it to the
Agent and requests that the Agent deliver it to the Borrower in exchange for new
Revolving  Credit Notes payable to the Assignor and the Assignees in the amounts
specified  on  Schedule  1 hereto.  The Agent  agrees to do so and the  Borrower
agrees to execute and  deliver to the Agent on the  Effective  Date  referred to
below such new Revolving  Credit Notes in exchange for the Revolving Credit Note
delivered to the Agent by the Assignor.

     4. Each  Assignee  (i)  confirms  that it has received a copy of the Credit
Agreement,  together  with  copies of the  financial  statements  referred to in
Section 4.01 thereof and such other  documents and  information as it has deemed
appropriate  to make its own credit  analysis  and  decision  to enter into this
Assignment and Acceptance;  (ii) agrees that it will,  independently and without
reliance  upon the Agent,  the  Assignor  or any other  Lender and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,  continue to
make its own credit  decisions  in taking or not taking  action under the Credit
Agreement;  (iii)  confirms  that it is an  Eligible  Assignee  or that it is an
entity  that has been  approved  by the  Borrower  and the Agent  under  Section
8.07(a) of the Credit Agreement;  (iv) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take
such  action as agent on its behalf and to exercise  such powers and  discretion
under the Credit  Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms  thereof,
together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably  incidental  thereto;
(v) agrees  that it will  perform  in  accordance  with  their  terms all of the
obligations  that by the  terms  of the  Credit  Agreement  are  required  to be
performed by it as a Lender; and (vi) attaches any U.S. Internal Revenue Service
forms required under Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement.

     5. As of the  Effective  Date  (i)  each  Assignee  shall be a party to the
Credit  Agreement  and, to the extent  provided in this  Master  Assignment  and
Acceptance,  have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the
Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Master Assignment and Acceptance,
relinquish  its rights and be released  from its  obligations  (other than under
Sections 2.14(f), 8.07(g) and 8.08) under the Credit Agreement.

     6. From and after the  Effective  Date,  the Agent shall make all  payments
under the Credit  Agreement  and the  Revolving  Credit  Notes in respect of the
interests  assigned  hereby  (including,  without  limitation,  all  payments of
principal,  interest and facility fees with respect  thereto) to the  Assignees.
The  Assignor  and the  Assignees  shall  make all  appropriate  adjustments  in
payments under the Credit  Agreement and the Revolving  Credit Notes for periods
prior to the Effective Date directly between themselves.

     7.  This  Master  Assignment  and  Acceptance  shall be  governed  by,  and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

     8. This Master  Assignment  and Acceptance may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate  counterparts,  each of
which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall  constitute one and the same  agreement.  Delivery of a signature
page hereof by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually  executed
signature page hereof.

     9. This Master  Assignment and Acceptance shall be effective as of , 1999 (
the "Effective Date"). _________________ ___________________

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Assignor and the Assignees have caused this Master
Assignment  and  Acceptance  to be executed  by their  officers  thereunto  duly
authorized as of the date specified above.

                    The  Assignor

                    CITIBANK, N.A.


                    By
                    ------------------------

                    Title:


                    The  Assignees

                    [NAME]


                    By
                    ------------------------

                    Title:

                    By
                    ------------------------

                    Title:

     ACCEPTED AND AGREED

     SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.

     By
     ----------------------------

     Title:

     CITIBANK, N.A.,

     as Agent

     By ----------------------------

     Title:



<PAGE>


                                   Schedule 1
                                       to
                        Master Assignment and Acceptance

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>     <C>                              <C>                            <C>                             <C>


                                                                     Post-Sale
                                                                     Revolving
                                      Percentage                     Credit                          Post-Sale
                                      Interest                       Commitment                      Revolving
                                      Assigned                       and Revolving                   Credit
                                                                     Credit Note                     Advances

     Name of Assignor

     Citibank, N.A.                       N/A                          $                               $
                                                                        ----------                      ----




     [NAME]                                N/A                         $                               $
                                                                        ----------                      ----

     Name of Assignee

     [NAME]                                 %                          $                               $
                                          --                            ----------                      ----

     [NAME]                                 %                          $                               $
                                          --                            ----------                      ----
</TABLE>



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT C-2
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                            CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

     Memorandum To: Proposed Assignee or Participant

     From: Lender

     Date: [___________]

     Subject: $1,300,000,000 Senior Credit Facilities for Southern Energy, Inc.

     In  connection  with  your  possible  interest  in  becoming  a  Lender  or
participant in the  $1,300,000,000  Senior Credit Facilities (the  "Facilities")
for Southern Energy, Inc. ("Southern Energy" or the "Company"), you will receive
certain information which is non-public,  confidential or proprietary in nature.
That  information  and any other  information  concerning  the  Company  and its
affiliates or the Facilities furnished to you by the Company and its affiliates,
Salomon Smith Barney Inc. (the "Lead Arranger"), Citibank, N.A. (the "Agent") or
any Lender in connection  with the  Facilities  (at any time on, before or after
the date of this  Confidentiality  Agreement (the  "Agreement")),  together with
analyses,  compilations  or other  materials  prepared by you or your directors,
officers,  employees,  agents,  auditors,  attorneys,  consultants  or  advisors
(collectively,  "Representatives")  which  contain  or  otherwise  reflect  such
information  or your  review of or  interest in the  Facilities  is  hereinafter
referred  to as the  "Information".  In  consideration  of your  receipt  of the
Information, you agree that:

     1. You will not,  without the prior  written  consent of the Company,  use,
either directly or indirectly, any of the Information except in concert with the
Company or in connection with the Facilities.

     2. You agree to reveal the  Information  only to your  Representatives  who
need to know the Information  for the purpose of evaluating the Facilities,  who
are informed by you of the confidential nature of the Information, and who agree
to be bound by the  terms  and  conditions  of this  Agreement.  You agree to be
responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any of your Representatives.

     3. Without the Company's prior written  consent,  you shall not disclose to
any person (except as otherwise  expressly  permitted  herein) the fact that the
Information  has been made available,  or any of the terms,  conditions or other
facts with respect to the Facilities.

     4. This Agreement shall be inoperative as to any portion of the Information
that (i) is or becomes  generally  available to the public on a  nonconfidential
basis through no fault or action by you or your  Representatives,  or (ii) is or
becomes available to you on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the
Company or its affiliates,  the Lead Arranger,  the Agent or any Lender or their
Representatives,  which source, to the best of your knowledge, is not prohibited
from  disclosing  such  Information to you by a contractual,  legal or fiduciary
obligation to the Company, the Lead Arranger, the Agent or any Lender.

     5. You may disclose the  Information  at the request of any  regulatory  or
supervisory authority having jurisdiction over you.

     6. In the event that you become  legally  compelled  to disclose any of the
Information  or the existence of the  Facilities,  you shall provide the Company
with  notice of such  event  promptly  upon  your  obtaining  knowledge  thereof
(provided that you are not otherwise  prohibited by law from giving such notice)
so that the Company may seek a protective order or other appropriate  remedy. In
the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained,  you shall
furnish only that portion of the Information  that is legally required and shall
cooperate  with the  Company's  counsel to enable either the Company to obtain a
protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be
accorded the Information.

     7. In the event that  discussions  with you  concerning  the Facilities are
discontinued,  you shall  redeliver to the Company the copies of the Information
that were  furnished to you by or on behalf of the Company and  represent to the
Company  that  you  have  destroyed  all  other  copies  thereof.  All  of  your
obligations  hereunder  and all of the Company's  rights and remedies  hereunder
shall survive any return or destruction of the Information.

     8. You  acknowledge  that disclosure of the Information in violation of the
terms of this Agreement could have serious consequences,  and agree that, in the
event  of any  breach  by you or your  Representatives  of this  Agreement,  the
Company may be entitled to equitable relief  (including  injunction and specific
performance)  in addition  to all other  remedies  available  to it at law or in
equity.

     9. You will not make any public announcement,  advertisement,  statement or
communication  regarding the Company,  its affiliates or the Facilities  without
the prior written consent of the Company.

     10.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  in all  respects,  whether  as to
validity,  construction,  capacity,  performance or otherwise,  by and under the
laws of the State of New York.

     11.   All   provisions   of  this   Agreement   are   severable,   and  the
unenforceability  or invalidity of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or  enforceability  of the remaining  provisions of this
Agreement.

     12. No waiver of any provision of this  Agreement,  or of a breach  hereof,
shall be  effective  unless it is in  writing,  signed by the party  waiving the
provision,  or the  breach  hereof.  No  waiver  of a breach  of this  Agreement
(whether  express or implied) shall  constitute a waiver of a subsequent  breach
hereof.

     13.  The  Company  is a  party  to  and an  intended  beneficiary  of  this
Agreement.

     If you are prepared to accept the  Information  on this basis,  please sign
and  return  this  Confidentiality  Agreement  to us and to the  Company  at 900
Ashwood Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30338-4780, Attention: Treasurer.

     By:
     --------------------------------------------

     Name:

     Title:

     Institution:


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT D
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT


                   FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER

                                 ________, 1999

     To the financial institution party to
     the Credit Agreement
     referred to below and to
     Citibank, N.A., as
     Agent for such financial institution
     Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have  acted as counsel to  Southern  Energy,  Inc.  (the  "Company"),  a
corporation  organized  under the laws of the State of Delaware,  in  connection
with the  Facility C Credit  Agreement,  dated as of April 1, 1999 (the  "Credit
Agreement")  among the Company and each of you. This opinion  letter is rendered
to you pursuant to Section 3.01(d)(v) of the Credit Agreement.  Unless otherwise
defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings
assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

     In the capacity  described  above, we have examined  originals or copies of
each of the Credit  Agreement and the  Revolving  Credit Note issued on the date
hereof (collectively, the "Loan Documents"):

     We have also been  furnished  with, and with your consent have relied upon,
certificates  of officers of the Company  with  respect to factual  matters.  In
addition, we have obtained and relied upon such certificates and assurances from
public  officials  as we have  deemed  necessary.  In our  examination,  we have
assumed the  genuineness  of all  signatures,  the legal capacity of all natural
persons executing  documents,  the authenticity of all documents submitted to us
as originals and the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents
submitted to us as copies.

     We have made such legal and factual  inquiries for the purpose of rendering
this opinion as we have deemed necessary  (except where a statement is qualified
as to knowledge or awareness in which case we have made such limited  inquiry as
is indicated  below).  The partners of the firm that are rendering  this opinion
are  admitted  to practice in the State of Georgia  only,  and we are  rendering
opinions  as  indicated  herein  only to the effect of the  federal  laws of the
United  States of  America,  the  internal  laws of the State of Georgia and the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware; however, we express no opinion
with  respect to the  applicability  or the effect of federal laws of the United
States of America governing health, safety or the environment, and we express no
opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other  jurisdiction or municipal law
or the  laws  of  any  local  agencies  within  any  state,  including,  without
limitation, Georgia.

     Whenever a statement herein is qualified by "to our knowledge" or a similar
phrase, it means, among other things,  that those attorneys in the firm who have
devoted  substantive  attention to the transaction  described herein do not have
current actual knowledge of the inaccuracy of such statement. However, except as
otherwise   expressly   indicated,   we  have  not  undertaken  any  independent
investigation to determine the accuracy of such statement, and no inference that
we have any  knowledge of any matters  pertaining  to such  statement  should be
drawn  from  our  representation  of the  Company.  No  actual  or  constructive
knowledge of any attorneys in the firm shall be imputed to the firm as to any of
the matters set forth herein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
we have  not made any  examination  of any  accounting,  financial  or  economic
matters,  and express no opinion  with  respect  thereto or with  respect to the
ability of any party to perform under any documents.  All assumptions made by us
herein  have been  made,  with  your  approval,  without  any  investigation  or
verification by us.

     In  rendering  the  opinions  set forth  herein,  no opinion  is  expressed
regarding  compliance  with the laws  relating  to  interest  or  usury,  or the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  or the Georgia  Securities Act of
1973, as amended, or the effect of the failure to comply therewith.

     On the basis of the foregoing,  and in reliance thereon, and subject to the
limitations, qualifications, assumptions, exceptions and other matters set forth
herein, we are of the opinion, as of the date hereof, that:
     1. The Company is a corporation  duly  incorporated and validly existing in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with
corporate power and authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its
properties and conduct its business.

     2.  Each of the Loan  Documents  has been  duly  authorized,  executed  and
delivered by the Company.

     3. The execution and delivery by the Company of the Loan  Documents do not,
as of the date hereof,  (a) violate the Certificate of  Incorporation or By-Laws
of the Company, (b) result in a material breach or violation of any of the terms
and  provisions  of, or  constitute  a default  under,  any  material  published
statute,  rule or  regulation  of any  court,  regulatory  body,  administrative
agency,  government  or  governmental  body of the United States or the State of
Georgia,  applicable to the Company, (c) to our knowledge,  constitute a default
under any material written agreement of the Company or result in the creation of
any Lien (other than in favor of the Lenders)  upon the property of the Company,
or (d)  require  any  authorization,  approval,  consent or other  action by, or
notice to or filing with, any  governmental  authority or regulatory body of the
United  States  or of the  State of  Georgia  other  than  those  that have been
obtained or made.

     We assume for purposes of this opinion  that:  all parties  (other than the
Company) to the documents and agreements  discussed  herein are duly  organized,
validly  existing  and in good  standing  under  the  laws of  their  respective
jurisdictions of organization;  all such parties to the documents and agreements
discussed  herein have the requisite  power and authority to execute and deliver
the documents and agreements  discussed  herein and to perform their  respective
obligations  under the documents and agreements  discussed  herein to which they
are a party; and the agreements and documents discussed herein to which any such
party is a party have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such party
and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations,  enforceable against it
in  accordance  with their terms.  We have also assumed that the term  "material
written  agreements"  used in paragraph 3 above means any  indenture,  mortgage,
deed of  trust,  sale/leaseback  agreement,  loan  agreement  or  other  similar
financing  agreement or instrument by which the Company is bound or to which any
of the  properties  or assets of the  Company are subject of which we are aware;
guarantees are specifically excluded from the term "material written agreements"
as used in  paragraph  3 above.  We express no opinion as to  compliance  by any
parties other than the Company to the documents and agreements  discussed herein
with  any  state  or  federal  laws or  regulations  applicable  to the  subject
transactions because of the nature of their business.

     The opinions expressed herein represent the judgment of this law firm as to
certain legal matters,  but they are not guarantees or warranties and should not
be construed as such. Further, the opinions expressed above are given only as of
the date  hereof,  and we do not  assume  (and we shall  not  have)  any duty or
obligation to update such opinions.

     A copy of this  opinion  letter may be  delivered by you to any Person that
becomes a Lender in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement.  Any
such Lender may rely on the opinions  expressed  above as if this opinion letter
were addressed and delivered to such Lender on the date hereof.

     This  opinion  letter is provided to you for your  exclusive  use solely in
connection  with the  matters  contemplated  by the Loan  Documents.  Except  as
expressly set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, this opinion may not
be relied upon by you for any other  purpose,  or furnished to, quoted or relied
upon by any other person, firm or corporation for any purpose, without our prior
written consent in each instance.

                    Very truly yours,


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT E
                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.
                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                    FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE AGENT

                                 ______ __, 1999




     To the financial institution party to

     the Credit Agreement

     referred to below and to

     Citibank, N.A., as

     Agent for such financial institution

                              Southern Energy, Inc.
                           Facility C Credit Agreement

     Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as special New York counsel to Citibank,  N.A., as Agent (the
"Agent"), in connection with the Facility C Credit Agreement,  dated as of April
1, 1999 (the "Credit Agreement") among Southern Energy, Inc. (the "Borrower"), a
Delaware  corporation,  and each of you. This opinion is being  delivered to you
pursuant to Section  3.01(d)(vi) of the Credit  Agreement.  Terms defined in the
Credit Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

     In that connection, we have examined executed originals or copies certified
or otherwise  identified to our satisfaction of each of the following (the "Loan
Documents"):

     (1) the Credit Agreement; and

     (2) the Revolving Credit Note issued on the date hereof.

     In  our  examination  of the  Loan  Documents,  we  have  assumed,  without
independent  investigation,  (a) the due  execution  and  delivery  of each Loan
Document by each of the parties  thereto,  (b) the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals,  (c) the  genuineness  of all  signatures  and the
legal capacity of all natural persons and (d) the conformity to the originals of
all documents submitted to us as copies and the authenticity of all originals of
such copies.

     With your  permission,  in rendering  the opinion set forth below,  we have
also assumed,  without independent  investigation,  that (a) each the parties to
the Loan Documents (the "Loan  Parties") is a corporation,  partnership or other
entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization,  (b) each Loan Party has full power and authority  (corporate,
partnership and otherwise) to execute, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to
which it is a party,  (c) the execution,  delivery and  performance by each Loan
Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly  authorized by
all  necessary  action  (corporate,  partnership  or  otherwise)  and do not (i)
contravene  the  certificate  of  incorporation,   bylaws,  general  partnership
agreement or other constituent  documents of any of such Loan Party, (ii) except
with respect to Generally  Applicable  Law (as defined  below and as to which we
make no assumption),  violate any law, rule, regulation,  order, writ, judgment,
injunction,  decree,  determination  or award  applicable to such Loan Party, or
(iii)  conflict  with or result  in the  breach of any  document  or  instrument
binding on any such Loan Party, (d) except with respect to Generally  Applicable
Law (as to which we make no assumption), no authorization,  approval, consent or
other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental  authority or
regulatory  body or any other  third party is  required  for the due  execution,
delivery or performance by any Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a
party,  or, if any such  authorization,  approval,  consent,  action,  notice or
filing is  required  thereof,  it has been duly  obtained or made and is in full
force and effect,  and (e) the  Lenders,  the Agent and the  Issuing  Banks will
perform and exercise  their rights under the Loan  Documents to which they are a
party  reasonably and in good faith and will act reasonably and in good faith in
taking action,  exercising discretion and making determinations  thereunder.  As
used in the preceding sentence,  "Generally Applicable Law" means federal law of
the United  States of America  and the law of the State of New York and any rule
or  regulation  promulgated  thereunder  or pursuant  thereto  applicable to the
execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents and which are generally
applicable to the execution, delivery or performance of documents with terms and
provisions of the type contained in the Loan Documents;  provided, however, that
Generally  Applicable Law shall not include any law, rule or regulation which is
applicable to the execution, delivery or performance of any Loan Document by any
Loan Party thereto  because of the specific  nature of the assets or business of
such Loan Party or any of its affiliates.

     Based upon the foregoing we advise you that, in our opinion:

     1. The Credit Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms.

     2. The  Revolving  Credit Note issued on the date  hereof  constitutes  the
legal,  valid and binding  obligation of the Borrower,  enforceable  against the
Borrower in accordance with its terms.

     Our opinions above are subject to the following qualifications:

     (a) Our  opinions  expressed  above are  subject  to the  effect of general
principles of equity,  including,  without limitation,  concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether considered in
a  proceeding  in equity or at law).  Such  principles  of equity are of general
application,  and in applying such principles a court, among other things, might
not allow a creditor to accelerate the maturity of a debt upon the occurrence of
a default  deemed  immaterial  or might decline to order the Borrower to perform
covenants.  Such principles  applied by a court might include a requirement that
the creditors act with  reasonableness  and good faith. Such a requirement might
be applied, for example, to the provisions of the Credit Agreement purporting to
authorize conclusive determinations by the Agent or any Lender.

     (b) Our  opinions  expressed  above are also  subject  to the effect of any
applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency  (including,  without  limitation,  all laws
relating to  fraudulent  transfers),  reorganization,  moratorium or similar law
affecting  creditors'  rights  generally and to possible  judicial action giving
effect to governmental actions affecting creditors' rights.

     (c) We  express no opinion  as to any  provisions  of the Credit  Agreement
insofar as it provides that (i) any Person  purchasing a participation  from any
Lender pursuant  thereto may exercise  set-off or similar rights with respect to
such  participation  or that any Lender or any other Person may exercise set-off
or similar  rights other than in  accordance  with law or (ii) any party thereto
shall make payments without set-off, defense or counterclaim.

     (d) The  ability  of one  party  to any of the  Loan  Documents  to bring a
dispute  against any other party to any of the Loan Documents in a Federal court
of the United States  sitting in the Borough of  Manhattan,  City of New York is
subject  to  the  applicable   requirements  of  subject  matter  and  diversity
jurisdiction.

     (e) With respect to any  provision of the Credit  Agreement  that  provides
that  the  obligations  thereunder  of any Loan  Party  shall  be  absolute  and
unconditional  irrespective  of any changes to, or amendments of, any other Loan
Documents  to which such Loan Party has not  consented,  such  provision  may be
enforceable  only to the  extent  that such  changes or  amendments  were not so
material as to constitute a new contract among the parties.

     (f)  We  express  no  opinion  as  to  the  effect  of  any  public  policy
considerations  or court  decisions  which may limit the  rights of any party to
obtain  indemnification  under the Credit  Agreement  or as to the effect of any
provision of the Credit Agreement  relating to indemnification or exculpation in
connection  with willful,  reckless or criminal acts or gross  negligence of the
indemnified or exculpated Person.

     (g) The  enforceability  of any  provision  of the Credit  Agreement to the
effect that terms may not be waived or modified except in writing may be limited
under certain circumstances.

     (h) We express no opinion as to any waiver of  subject-matter  jurisdiction
in respect of, or any right based on improper  venue or forum non  conveniens in
any proceeding in, the Federal courts of the United States.

     Our  opinions  expressed  above are  limited to the law of the State of New
York and the Federal law of the United States, and we do not express any opinion
herein  concerning  any  other  law.  Without  limiting  the  generality  of the
foregoing, we express no opinion as to the effect of the law of any jurisdiction
other  than the State of New York  wherein  any Lender may be located or wherein
enforcement of any Loan Document may be sought that limits the rates of interest
legally chargeable or collectible.

     A copy of this opinion  letter may be delivered by any of you to any Person
that becomes a Lender in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Agreement.
Any such  Lender  may rely on the  opinion  expressed  above as if this  opinion
letter were addressed and delivered to such Lender on the date hereof.

     This  opinion  letter  speaks  only as of the  date  hereof.  We  expressly
disclaim any  responsibility to advise you or any other Lender that is permitted
to rely on the  opinion  expressed  herein as  specified  in the next  preceding
paragraph of any development or  circumstance of any kind,  including any change
of law or fact that may occur after the date of this opinion  letter even though
such development,  circumstance or change may affect the legal analysis, a legal
conclusion or any other matter set forth in or relating to this opinion  letter.
Accordingly,  any Lender  relying on this  opinion  letter at any time after the
date hereof  should seek advice of its counsel as to the proper  application  of
this opinion letter at such time.

                    Very truly yours,


JAM/NS/KP/CC



<PAGE>







                                 CONFORMED COPY




                                U.S. $450,000,000


                           FACILITY C CREDIT AGREEMENT

                            Dated as of April 1, 1999

                                      Among

                              SOUTHERN ENERGY, INC.

                                   as Borrower

                                       and

                         THE INITIAL LENDER NAMED HEREIN

                                as Initial Lender

                                       and

                                 CITIBANK, N.A.

                                    as Agent

                              ---------------------

                            SALOMON SMITH BARNEY INC.

                                  Lead Arranger



<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S> <C>    <C>   <C>             <C>                                                                            <C>
                                                                                                                Page
ARTICLE I

         SECTION 1.02.  Computation of Time Periods                                                              12
                        ---------------------------

         SECTION 1.03.  Accounting Terms                                                                         12
                        ----------------

ARTICLE II

         SECTION 2.01.  The Revolving Credit Advances                                                            12
                        -----------------------------

         SECTION 2.02.  Making the Revolving Credit Advances                                                     12
                        ------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.03.  The Competitive Bid Advances                                                             12
                        ----------------------------

         SECTION 2.04.  Fees                                                                                     21
                        ----

         SECTION 2.05.  Termination or Reduction of the Commitments                                              21
                        -------------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.06.  Repayment of the Revolving Credit Advances                                               21
                        ------------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.07.  Interest on the Revolving Credit Advances                                                21
                        -----------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.08.  Interest Rate Determination                                                              21
                        ---------------------------

         SECTION 2.09.  Optional Conversion of the Revolving Credit Advances                                     21
                        ----------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.10.  Optional Prepayments of the Revolving Credit Advances                                    21
                        -----------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 2.11.  Increased Costs                                                                          21
                        ---------------

         SECTION 2.12.  Illegality                                                                               21
                        ----------

         SECTION 2.13.  Payments and Computations                                                                21
                        -------------------------

         SECTION 2.14.  Taxes                                                                                    21
                        -----

         SECTION 2.15.  Sharing of Payments, Etc.                                                                21
                        ------------------------

         SECTION 2.16.  Use of Proceeds                                                                          21
                        ---------------

         SECTION 2.17.  Letters of Credit                                                                        21
                        -----------------

ARTICLE III

         SECTION 3.01.  Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of Section 2.01                                    24
                        -----------------------------------------------------

         SECTION 3.02.  Condition Precedent to Each Extension of Credit                                          24
                        -----------------------------------------------

         SECTION 3.03.  Determinations Under Section 3.01                                                        24
                        ---------------------------------

ARTICLE IV

         SECTION 4.01.  Representations and Warranties of the Borrower                                           26

ARTICLE V

         SECTION 5.01.  Covenants of the Borrower                                                                26
                        -------------------------

ARTICLE VI

         SECTION 6.01.  Events of Default                                                                        29
                        -----------------

         SECTION 6.02.  Actions in Respect of the Letters of Credit upon Event of Default                        31

ARTICLE VII

         SECTION 7.01.  Authorization and Action                                                                 32
                        ------------------------

         SECTION 7.02.  Agent's Reliance, Etc.                                                                   32
                        ---------------------

         SECTION 7.03.  Citibank and Affiliates                                                                  33
                        -----------------------

         SECTION 7.04.  Lender Credit Decision                                                                   33
                        ----------------------

         SECTION 7.05.  Indemnification                                                                          33
                        ---------------

         SECTION 7.06.  Successor Agent                                                                          33
                        ---------------

ARTICLE VIII

         SECTION 8.01.  Amendments, Etc.                                                                         34
                        ---------------

         SECTION 8.02.  Notices, Etc.                                                                            34
                        ------------

         SECTION 8.03.  No Waiver; Remedies                                                                      34
                        -------------------

         SECTION 8.04.  Costs and Expenses, Etc.                                                                 34
                        ------------------------

         SECTION 8.05.  Right of Set-off                                                                         36
                        ----------------

         SECTION 8.06.  Binding Effect                                                                           36
                        --------------

         SECTION 8.07.  Assignments and Participations                                                           37
                        ------------------------------

         SECTION 8.08.  Confidentiality                                                                          40
                        ---------------

         SECTION 8.09.  Governing Law                                                                            40
                        -------------

         SECTION 8.10.  Execution in Counterparts                                                                40
                        -------------------------

         SECTION 8.11.  Jurisdiction, Etc.                                                                       40
                        -----------------

         SECTION 8.12.  Waiver of Jury Trial                                                                     40
                        --------------------
</TABLE>




<PAGE>



     Schedules


     Schedule I - List of Applicable Lending Offices

     Schedule II - Terms of Subordination


     Exhibits


     Exhibit A-1 - Form of Revolving Credit Note

     Exhibit A-2 - Form of Competitive Bid Note

     Exhibit B-1 - Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Borrowing

     Exhibit B-2 - Form of Notice of Competitive Bid Borrowing

     Exhibit  C-1-A - Form  of  Assignment  and  Acceptance  not  for  General
                      Syndication

     Exhibit C-1-B - Form of Assignment and Acceptance for General Syndication

     Exhibit C-2 - Form of Confidentiality Agreement

     Exhibit D - Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Borrower

     Exhibit E - Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Agent




     *    Omit  paragraph if Notice of Borrowing is given by the Agent  pursuant
          to Section 2.17(c).

     *    This date  should be no  earlier  than five  Business  Days  after the
          delivery of this Assignment and Acceptance to the Agent.

     *    Include if Borrower's consent is required.




















































</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
