<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>unitedfin031330_ex10-13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                         REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT NOTE

$3,000,000.00                                             Minneapolis, Minnesota
                                                                October 30, 2002

        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned UNITED FINANCIAL CORP. ("Borrower")
promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank")
at its Corrrespondent Banking Minnesota Office at 6th and Marquette,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479, or at such other place as the holder hereof may
designate, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately
available funds, the principal sum of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00), or
so much thereof as may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon, to
be computed on each advance from the date of its disbursement as set forth
herein.

INTEREST:

        (a) Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) at a
rate per annum one and three-quarters percent (1.75%) above the Fed Funds Rate
in effect from time to time. The term "Fed Funds Rate" means a fluctuating
interest rate per annum set by Bank at approximately noon each business day as
the rate at which funds are offered to Bank by Federal funds brokers. Borrower
understands and agrees that Bank may base its quotation upon recognized market
sources, including such quotes as are received by Bank from Federal funds
brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

        (b) Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable
on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing December
31, 2002.

        (c) Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, or
such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and payable by
acceleration or otherwise, the outstanding principal balance of this Note shall
bear interest until paid in full at an increased rate per annum (computed on the
basis of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to four percent (4%) above
the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this Note.

BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:

        (a) Borrowing and Repayment. Borrower may from time to time during the
term of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its outstanding borrowings,
and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, terms and conditions of this
Note and of any document executed in connection with or governing this Note;
provided however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall
not at any time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal
balance of this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced
hereunder by the holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made hereon
by or for any Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time to time
by the holder. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and
payable in full on October 30, 2003.

        (b) Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the principal
sum stated above, may be made by the holder at the oral or written request of
(i) Kurt R. Weise, any one acting alone, who are authorized to request advances
and direct the disposition of any advances until written notice of the
revocation of such authority is received by the holder at the office designated
above, or (ii) any person, with respect to advances deposited to the credit of


                                      -1-
<PAGE>


any deposit account of any Borrower, which advances, when so deposited, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been made to or for the benefit of each Borrower
regardless of the fact that persons other than those authorized to request
advances may have authority to draw against such account. The holder shall have
no obligation to determine whether any person requesting an advance is or has
been authorized by any Borrower.

        (c) Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding
principal balance hereof.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT:

        This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions
of that certain Credit Agreement between Borrower and Bank dated as of October
30, 2002, as amended from time to time (the "Credit Agreement"). Any default in
the payment or performance of any obligation under this Note, or any defined
event of default under the Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of
Default" under this Note.

MISCELLANEOUS:

        (a) Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of
this Note, at the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and
interest outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest or
notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by each Borrower, and the
obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit hereunder shall
immediately cease and terminate. Each Borrower shall pay to the holder
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside
counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's in-house counsel), expended
or incurred by the holder in connection with the enforcement of the holder's
rights and/or the collection of any amounts which become due to the holder under
this Note, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to
this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief,
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding
or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any
bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding,
contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any other person) relating to any
Borrower or any other person or entity.

        (b) Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or entity
sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower shall be
joint and several.

        (c) Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date first
written above.


UNITED FINANCIAL CORP
By: /s/ Kurt R. Weise
    ----------------------
    Kurt R. Weise
    Director/President CEO


                                       -2-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
