<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex104.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MARCH 19, 2003 ANNOUNCING THE TRANSACTION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.4

                                                      Investor Relations Contact
                                                      David Donlin
                                                      The Cervelle Group
                                                      866-295-7878

For Immediate Release

  Webb Interactive Services, Inc. Announces $7.2 Million Jabber, Inc. Financing

            France Telecom and Intel Participate in Private Placement

Denver, CO - March 19, 2003 - Webb Interactive Services Inc. (OTCBB: WEBB), a
developer and marketer of real-time communications software and instant
messaging solutions through its subsidiary, Jabber, Inc., today announced the
completion of a $7.2 million financing for Jabber, Inc., in which it
participated along with existing investor France Telecom Technology
Investissements (FTTI) and new investor, Intel Capital, by the cancellation of
$2.2 million of obligations owed to Webb by Jabber. FTTI is the technology
investment vehicle of France Telecom (NYSE: FTE) and Intel Capital is Intel's
strategic investment arm.

On a fully converted basis, along with its current holdings of Jabber capital
stock, Webb will own approximately 43.3% of Jabber's outstanding capital stock
compared to approximately 74.8% prior to the transaction.

In addition, the company announced today that France Telecom has exercised an
option with Jabber, Inc. to purchase additional user licenses and support for
$3,000,000 to be paid in four quarterly installments this year.

Bill Cullen, Webb's President and CEO stated, "We welcome the additional
investment in Jabber from FTTI and new investor, Intel Capital. We are committed
to building Jabber into the leader for open-architected, presence-enabled
messaging solutions across a wide variety of fixed and mobile systems. In return
for relinquishing some of our previous ownership stake that originated from
having initially funded Jabber, we have achieved the three key objectives we set
for this latest round of strategic financing: namely, financial security,
broader distribution opportunities and standards support. Jabber's
accomplishments to date have been extraordinary by any measure, but, in my view,
pale by comparison to the potential that may lie ahead."

Form 8-K Filed

Webb has disclosed additional details of the financing transaction in a Form 8-K
which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission tomorrow.

<PAGE>


Conference Call

The Company will host a conference call on Tuesday March 25 at 4:15PM EST for
the purpose of reviewing this funding transaction. The call may be accessed by
dialing 866-360-7706. Instructions will be given at the beginning of the call.

About Webb Interactive Services, Inc.

Webb Interactive Services (OTCBB: WEBB) located in Denver, Colorado is an
investor in Jabber, Inc., an independently operated developer of the world's
most widely used open platform for extensible Instant Messaging and presence
management applications. Founded by and initially financed by Webb, Jabber's
investors also include France Telecom Technology Investissements and Intel
Capital.

About Jabber, Inc.

Jabber, Inc. is the developer of the world's most widely used open platform for
extensible instant messaging and presence management applications. In addition
to Webb Interactive Services, Inc. (OTCBB: WEBB), Jabber, Inc.'s investors also
include France Telecom (NYSE: FTE) and Intel Capital. Jabber Inc.'s commercial
software has been sold and deployed to more than 3 million users. The Jabber
Open Source project now has more than 150,000 servers in operation worldwide.
Jabber has been adopted in the telecommunications, enterprise and software
development markets by customers that include France Telecom, Hewlett-Packard,
BellSouth, webMethods, AT&T, Landmark Graphics, and Juniper Networks. Please see
www.jabber.com for more information.

Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements relating to the business
outlook for Webb Interactive Services, Inc. for the year 2003: trends in
industry conditions, revenues, expenses and earnings, actions to be taken with
the objective of improving business efficiency, and improved sales and marketing
productivity, among other factors affecting growth in sales and revenue.
Statements regarding market conditions and Webb's business outlook are based
largely on our current opportunities and are subject to business risks related
to the speed with which the market for our services develops and our ability to
further expand the sales of existing products as well as to up-sell our existing
customers. Due to our limited operating history, we have a limited ability to
use our past performance as an indicator of future events.

Sales and earnings trends are also affected by many other factors including, but
not limited to, general economic conditions, the availability of external
financing and our pricing and technology strategies. In light of these risks,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this
press release will be realized. The statements made in this press release
represent Webb's views as of the date of this press release, and it should not
be assumed that the statements made will remain the same at some future date.
Webb does not intend to update these statements and has no duty to any person to
effect any such update under any circumstances.

For a further discussion of risks associated with Webb's business, please see
the discussion under the caption "Risk Factors" contained in the company's
Annual Report

<PAGE>

on Form 10-KSB for the year-ended December 31, 2002 which will be filed by Webb
on or around March 31, 2003 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
other reports that have been filed by Webb with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and may be accessed through the Company's website at www.webb.net.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
