<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y84745exv10w5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1999 NON-OFFICERS INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.5


                             SS&C TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                 1999 NON-OFFICER EMPLOYEE STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN


1.       Purpose

         The purpose of this 1999 Non-Officer Employee Stock Incentive Plan (the
"Plan") of SS&C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), is
to advance the interests of the Company's stockholders by enhancing the
Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are
expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing such
persons with equity ownership opportunities and performance-based incentives and
thereby better aligning the interests of such persons with those of the
Company's stockholders. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term
"Company" shall include any of the Company's present or future subsidiary
corporations as defined in Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code").

2.       Eligibility

         All of the Company's employees (and any individuals who have accepted
an offer for employment), consultants and advisors, other than those who are
also officers (within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Exchange Act")) or directors of the Company, are eligible to be granted
options, restricted stock awards or other stock-based awards (each, an "Award")
under the Plan. Each person who has been granted an Award under the Plan shall
be deemed a "Participant."

3.       Administration, Delegation

         (a) Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be administered
by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). The Board shall have
authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such administrative
rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall deem advisable.
The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any
inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall
deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect and it shall be the sole and final
judge of such expediency. All decisions by the Board shall be made in the
Board's sole discretion and shall be final and binding on all persons having or
claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award. No director or person acting
pursuant to the authority delegated by the Board shall be liable for any action
or determination relating to or under the Plan made in good faith.

         (b) Delegation to Executive Officers. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, the Board may delegate to one or more executive officers of the
Company the power to make Awards and exercise such other powers under the Plan
as the Board may determine, provided


<PAGE>

that the Board shall fix the maximum number of shares subject to Awards and the
maximum number of shares for any one Participant to be made by such executive
officers.

         (c) Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or
more committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). All references in
the Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or a Committee of the Board or the
executive officer referred to in Section 3(b) to the extent that the Board's
powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee or
executive officer.

4.       Stock Available for Awards

         Subject to adjustment under Section 8, Awards may be made under the
Plan for up to 1,250,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, of
the Company (the "Common Stock"). If any Award expires or is terminated,
surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised or is forfeited in
whole or in part or results in any Common Stock not being issued, the unused
Common Stock covered by such Award shall again be available for the grant of
Awards under the Plan. Shares issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in
part of authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares.

5.       Nonstatutory Stock Options

         (a) General. The Board may grant nonstatutory stock options to purchase
Common Stock (each, an "Option") and determine the number of shares of Common
Stock to be covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the
conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including
conditions relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it
considers necessary or advisable. No Option granted under the Plan shall be
intended to be an "incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the
Code.

         (b) Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at the
time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option agreement.

         (c) Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times
and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the
applicable option agreement.

         (d) Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the
Company of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any
other form of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board
together with payment in full as specified in Section 5(e) for the number of
shares for which the Option is exercised.

         (e) Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of
an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

              (1) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

              (2) except as the Board may, in its sole discretion, otherwise
provide in an Option Agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and
unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the
Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

price or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of
irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver
promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price;

              (3) to the extent permitted by the Board and explicitly provided
in an Option Agreement (i) by delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the
Participant valued at their fair market value as determined by the Board in good
faith ("Fair Market Value"), which Common Stock was owned by the Participant at
least six months prior to such delivery, (ii) by delivery of a promissory note
of the Participant to the Company on terms determined by the Board or (iii) by
payment of such other lawful consideration as the Board may determine; or

              (4) by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.

         (f) Deferral. Any Participant who is a participant in a deferred
compensation plan established by the Company may elect with the permission of
the Board and in accordance with rules established by the Board to defer the
receipt of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of an Option
provided that such election is irrevocable and made at least that number of days
prior to the exercise of the Option which shall be determined by the Board. The
Participant's account under such deferred compensation plan shall be credited
with a number of stock units equal to the number of shares so deferred.

6.       Restricted Stock

         (a) Grants. The Board may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire
shares of Common Stock, subject to the right of the Company to repurchase all or
part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price (or to
require forfeiture of such shares if issued at no cost) from the recipient in
the event that conditions specified by the Board in the applicable Award are not
satisfied prior to the end of the applicable restriction period or periods
established by the Board for such Award (each, a "Restricted Stock Award").

         (b) Terms and Conditions. The Board shall determine the terms and
conditions of any such Restricted Stock Award, including the conditions for
repurchase (or forfeiture) and the issue price, if any. Any stock certificates
issued in respect of a Restricted Stock Award shall be registered in the name of
the Participant and, unless otherwise determined by the Board, deposited by the
Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company (or
its designee). At the expiration of the applicable restriction periods, the
Company (or such designee) shall deliver the certificates no longer subject to
such restrictions to the Participant or if the Participant has died, to the
beneficiary designated, in a manner determined by the Board, by a Participant to
receive amounts due or exercise rights of the Participant in the event of the
Participant's death (the "Designated Beneficiary"). In the absence of an
effective designation by a Participant, Designated Beneficiary shall mean the
Participant's estate.

7.       Other Stock-Based Awards

         The Board shall have the right to grant other Awards based upon the
Common Stock having such terms and conditions as the Board may determine,
including the grant of shares based upon certain conditions, the grant of
securities convertible into Common Stock and the grant of stock appreciation
rights.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

8.       Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

         (a) Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the number and class of securities and exercise price per share subject to
each outstanding Option, (iii) the repurchase price per share subject to each
outstanding Restricted Stock Award, and (iv) the terms of each other outstanding
Award shall be appropriately adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may
be made, if applicable) to the extent the Board shall determine, in good faith,
that such an adjustment (or substitution) is necessary and appropriate. If this
Section 8(a) applies and Section 8(b) also applies to any event, Section 8(b)
shall be applicable to such event, and this Section 8(a) shall not be
applicable.

         (b) Acquisition Events

              (1) Consequences of Acquisition Events. Upon the occurrence of an
Acquisition Event (as defined below), each outstanding Option or Award shall be
assumed or an equivalent option or award substituted by the successor entity or
a parent or subsidiary of the successor entity, unless the successor entity
refuses to assume or substitute for the Option or Award, in which case (i) the
Participant shall have the right to exercise the Option in full, including with
respect to shares of Common Stock as to which it would not otherwise be
exercisable; (ii) all Restricted Stock Awards then outstanding shall become free
of all restrictions prior to the consummation of the Acquisition Event; and
(iii) any other stock-based Awards outstanding shall become exercisable,
realizable or vested in full, or shall be free of all conditions or
restrictions, as applicable to each such Award, prior to the consummation of the
Acquisition Event. If an Option or Award is exercisable in lieu of assumption or
substitution in the event of an Acquisition Event, the Board shall notify the
Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Award shall be fully
exercisable for a period of not less than forty-five (45) days from the date of
such notice, and the Option or Award shall terminate upon the expiration of such
period.

         Each Option or other Award assumed or substituted pursuant to the
immediately preceding paragraph shall include a provision to the effect that
such Option or Award shall become immediately exercisable (or vested) in full
if, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Acquisition Event, the
Participant terminates his or her employment for Good Reason or is terminated
without Cause by the surviving or acquiring entity. "Good Reason" shall mean any
significant diminution in the Participant's title, authority or responsibilities
from and after such Acquisition Event or any reduction in the annual cash
compensation payable to the Participant from and after such Acquisition Event.
"Cause" shall mean any willful misconduct by the Participant which affects the
business reputation of the Company or willful failure by the Participant to
perform his or her material responsibilities to the Company (including, without
limitation, breach by the Participant of any provision of any employment,
consulting, advisory, nondisclosure, noncompetition or other similar agreement
between the Participant and the Company). The Participant shall be considered to
have been discharged for "Cause" if the Company determines, within 30 days after
the Participant's resignation, that discharge for Cause was warranted.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         An "Acquisition Event" shall mean: (a) any merger or consolidation
which results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto representing immediately thereafter (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving or
acquiring entity) less than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting
securities of the Company or such surviving or acquiring entity outstanding
immediately after such merger or consolidation; (b) any sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company; or (c) the complete liquidation
of the Company.

              (2) Assumption of Options Upon Certain Events. The Board may grant
Awards under the Plan in substitution for stock and stock-based awards held by
employees of another entity who become employees of the Company as a result of a
merger or consolidation of the employing entity with the Company or the
acquisition by the Company of property or stock of the employing entity. The
substitute Awards shall be granted on such terms and conditions as the Board
considers appropriate in the circumstances.

9.       General Provisions Applicable to Awards

         (a) Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise
determine or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned,
transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are
granted, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be
exercisable only by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent
relevant in the context, shall include references to authorized transferees.

         (b) Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced by a written
instrument in such form as the Board shall determine, it being understood that
an electronic form of Award shall be deemed to be a written instrument for
purposes of the Plan. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to
those set forth in the Plan.

         (c) Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each
Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The
terms of each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat
Participants uniformly.

         (d) Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on an
Award of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or other
change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to
which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise
rights under the Award.

         (e) Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act,
Participants may, to the extent then permitted under applicable law, satisfy
such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of shares of Common Stock,
including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at
their Fair Market Value.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations
from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant.

         (f) Amendment of Award. The Board may amend, modify or terminate any
outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another
Award of the same or a different type and changing the date of exercise or
realization, provided that the Participant's consent to such action shall be
required unless the Board determines that the action, taking into account any
related action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.
Without intending to limit the generality of the preceding sentence, the Board
may, without amending the Plan, modify Awards granted to Participants who are
foreign nationals or employed outside the United States to recognize differences
in laws, rules, regulations or customers of such foreign jurisdiction with
respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefits or other matters.

         (g) Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove
restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all
conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the
Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all other legal matters
in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied,
including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or
stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and
delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may
consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules
or regulations.

         (h) Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Options
shall become immediately exercisable in full or in part, that any Restricted
Stock Awards shall be free of restrictions in full or in part or that any other
Awards may become exercisable in full or in part or free of some or all
restrictions or conditions, or otherwise realizable in full or in part, as the
case may be.

10.      Miscellaneous

         (a) No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any
claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

         (b) No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the
applicable Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights
as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed
with respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the
Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the
number of shares subject to such Option are adjusted as of the date of the
distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such
dividend), then a Participant who exercises an Option between the record date
and the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive,
on the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of
Common Stock acquired


                                      -6-

<PAGE>

upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such shares were not
outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for such stock
dividend.

         (c) Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan is effective as of
October 19, 1999, the date on which it was adopted by the Board (the "Effective
Date"). No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the completion of ten
years from the Effective Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond
that date.

         (d) Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the
Plan or any portion thereof at any time.

         (e) Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made
hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law.


                                     Adopted by the Board of Directors on
                                     October 19, 1999



                                      -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
