<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>developeragmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.1

[LOGO]  TIRA WIRELESS

                      DEVELOPER AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

THIS  AGREEMENT is entered  into as of February  10, 2003 between TIRA  WIRELESS
INC., a Delaware corporation ("TIRA")) and IVP Technology Corporation,  a Nevada
corporation hereinafter the Developer (the "DEVELOPER").


RECITALS:

A.    Tira is a publisher  and  distributor  of certified  Java 2, Micro Edition
      (J2ME) applications ("J2ME APPLICATIONS");

B.    The  Developer has  developed or  sublicensed  from other parties the J2ME
      Application(s)  described in Schedule A to this Agreement and related user
      manuals,  documentation,  demonstration  versions and marketing  materials
      (collectively, the "APPLICATIONS").

C.    Tira  and the  Developer  wish to make  available  the  Application(s)  to
      Channels (as  hereinafter  defined) on the terms and conditions set out in
      this Agreement

NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.    GRANT OF LICENSE.  Subject to the terms of this  Agreement,  the Developer
hereby grants to Tira a  non-exclusive,  irrevocable  and perpetual  (subject to
termination  in  accordance  with the terms  hereof)  license  to:  (a)  market,
distribute and  sublicense  portals,  web  storefronts,  retail stores,  handset
manufacturers and their respective customers,  carriers of wireless services and
their resellers and their  respective  customers and any other third parties who
provide  software  or  services  to any  of the  foregoing  or  their  resellers
including,   without  limitation,   middleware   provisioning  vendors,   device
manufacturers and content aggregators/distributors (collectively, the "CHANNELS"
and  individually  a "CHANNEL")  to use the  Applications  ; and (b)  reproduce,
install and use the Applications  internally for testing and evaluation purposes
or as  necessary to carry out the  foregoing  rights;  however,  nothing in this
agreement shall convey to Tira the right of title to the  Applications  produced
or marketed  by the  Developer  and Tira  acknowledges,  for greater  certainty,
subject to Section 9 hereof, that the Developer or its subsidiaries shall retain
all copyright and trademark ownership to all Applications.
<<
2.    ROYALTY PAYMENTS.  Tira will be entitled to offer the Applications for use
by the Channels  without  charge during any internal  pilot program  within each
Channel (a "DEMO PROGRAM") such Demo Program(s) not to extend beyond a period of
3 months  from the date of  delivery of the  Applications  to  Channels  (unless
otherwise  mutually  agreed between Tira and  Developer),  and each Channel will
have the right to select the  Applications it wishes to include in its offerings
of wireless services to its customers during the Demo Program.  Once Tira begins
charging a Channel for the use of  Applications  after the end of such Channel's
Demo Program, as determined by Tira in its sole discretion,  the Developer shall
be entitled to royalty payments (the "ROYALTY") for the use of such Applications
in connection with the license of the Applications to the Channel's customers as
set out in Schedule(s) B to this Agreement.

3.    CERTIFICATION  PROCESS.  The Developer  agrees to provide to Tira the .jar
and .jad files of the Applications for processing  through Tira's  certification
process ("TIRA'S CERTIFICATION  PROCESS"),  which process shall be undertaken by
Tira solely for the  purpose of  ensuring  that the  Applications  functions  in
compliance  with the network and device  requirements of the Channels as well as
each Channel's specific UI, packaging,  localization and language  requirements.
Where  modifications  are made to an  Application  in order to  ensure  that the

<PAGE>

Application   successfully  completes  Tira's  Certification  Process  then  the
resulting   version  of  the  Application   will  be  known  as  the  "CERTIFIED
APPLICATION".  Tira reserves the right,  in its sole  discretion,  to remove any
Application  from those  available for selection by Channels if it believes such
Application violates the intellectual  property rights of any person or does not
comply with the requirements of Channels or is otherwise required by Channel. In
such  circumstances,  Tira shall forthwith  inform  Developer of such action and
provide Developer with reasonable opportunity to respond to such concern.

4.    LIMITATION  ON USE OF  APPLICATIONS.  Tira will use all  Applications  and
related  documentation  consisting  of  or  containing  proprietary  information
related to the  Applications  solely for the  purpose of  performing  under this
Agreement.  Tira will not,  and will not  permit  the  Channels  to,  decompile,
disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the software or cause others to do so.
Tira will not modify or cause  others to modify the  Applications,  without  the
prior  written  consent  of the  Developer,  except  that  Tira may  modify  the
Applications to the extent permitted in Section 3 and Section 9(a) hereof.

5.    USE OF  CERTIFIED  APPLICATIONS.  The  Developer  shall  not  directly  or
indirectly  license:  (i) the  Applications  to any  Channel  that is in  Tira's
network  of  Channels  as listed on  Schedule  "C",  as  amended by Tira and the
Developer  from time to time ; or (ii) any Certified  Application  version of an
Application  to any  Carrier.  When a new  Channel  member  is added  to  Tira's
network,  Developer  will be given  notice and then has 30 days to exclude  that
Channel member from this Agreement upon agreement by Tira.

6.    REPRESENTATIONS OF DEVELOPER.  The Developer represents and warrants that:
(i) the  Developer is the owner of all rights,  title and interest in and to the
Applications  or has all  rights  and  licenses  to the  Applications  that  are
necessary  in order that to enter into this  Agreement  and with respect to such
Applications,  has entered into agreements with such developers that give it the
right to  sub-license  such  Applications  to Tira and to otherwise  perform its
obligations  under this  Agreement;  (ii) the  Applications  do not infringe any
patents,   copyrights,   trade-marks  or  other  intellectual   property  rights
(including trade secrets) or similar rights of any person or entity,  and to the
best of the  Developer's  knowledge,  no  claim  of such  infringement  has been
threatened  or asserted;  (iii) the  Developer  is not a party to any  agreement
which would be violated, contravened,  breached by, or under which default would
occur as a  result  of the  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  or the
performance by the Developer of any of its  obligations  provided for under this
Agreement;  (iv) the Applications will perform  substantially in accordance with
the  specifications  or  description  set out in Schedule A and any related user
manual or similar  material;  (v) the  Application(s) do not contain material or
information that is fraudulent,  obscene, defamatory,  libellous,  slanderous or
unlawfully  harassing  or  injurious or in violation of any personal or property
rights or other  common  law or  statutory  rights,  and (vi) no  portion of the
Applications  contains any protection  feature or disabling or destructive  code
that may  prevent  or impair use of the  Applications,  which  includes  without
limitation,  any computer virus, worm,  software lock, drop dead device,  Trojan
horse  routine,  trap  door,  time  bomb or  similar  devices  which may tend to
destroy, corrupt or disable software or hardware.

7.    DEVELOPMENTS.  The Developer  shall, at its own cost and upon receipt of a
commercially  reasonable request by Tira to do so, modify the Applications:  (a)
in order to customize them for use in accordance  with the  requirements  of the
Channels,  including without limitation,  device porting; (b) in order to ensure
that the Applications  successfully  completes Tira's  Certification  Process as
described in Section 3 of this  Agreement;  or (c) for any other valid  business
purpose.  The Developer agrees to provide to Tira,  within two (2) business days
of receiving such a request, a timetable  acceptable to Tira, acting reasonably,
for completion of such  modifications  and shall deliver such  modifications  to
Tira in accordance  with such  timetable.  In addition,  Developer shall provide
such bug  fixes  or code  patches  as are  reasonably  required  to  ensure  the
Applications  run in accordance with their  specifications  and any related user
documentation  or manuals.  Developer  shall also provide Tira with all upgrades
and revisions of the Applications.

8.    SUPPORT  SERVICES.  Tira will  provide  to  Channels  and end users of the
Applications the following support  services,  which may be changed from time to
time in accordance with Channels' requirements: (i) the creation and maintenance

                                                                               2

<PAGE>

of online  answers  to FAQs;  and (ii)  email  and/or  voice  support  regarding
installation  and  operation  of the  Applications,  usage  tracking  and server
hosting issues.  The Developer will provide direct support to Tira in connection
with  defects  found in the  Applications  as  follows:  (i) with  respect  to a
Critical  Defect (as  defined  below),  the  Developer  will  respond  and begin
addressing  such Critical  Defect within four hours (if on a business day and in
regular business hours; and otherwise as soon as reasonably practicable) and use
the  Developer's  best efforts to resolve such Critical Defect to the reasonable
satisfaction  of Tira and any  affected  Channels or  end-users  within 48 hours
after being delivered  notice of such Critical Defect ; and (ii) with respect to
Standard  Defects (as defined below),  Developer begin  addressing such Standard
Defect  within  24  hours  (if on a  business  day,  and  otherwise  as  soon as
reasonably  practicable),  and use the Developer's  best efforts to resolve such
Standard Defect to the reasonable satisfaction of Tira and any affected Channels
or end-users within five calendar  business days after being delivered notice of
such Standard Defect.  All defects found in the  Applications  will be logged by
Tira and submitted by email to the Developer.  For the purposes of this Section,
a "CRITICAL  DEFECT"  means any  dysfunction  or defect in the  software for the
Applications  which  results in loss of revenues  for any Channel and  "STANDARD
DEFECT"  means any defect or  dysfunction  in the software for the  Applications
which results in the creation of error messages.  A defect shall be deemed to be
resolved  if both  Tira  and  the  Developer  agree  than  any of the  following
conditions  are met,  to the  reasonable  satisfaction  of such  parties and any
affected Channels or end-users: (a) the Developer has provided a direct solution
to the problem that prevents it from reoccurring; (b) the Developer has provided
a viable permanent  workaround to the problem; or (c) the Developer has provided
a viable  temporary  workaround  to the problem and agreed to further  provide a
solution to the problem within a specified timeframe  acceptable to Tira, acting
reasonably.  Tira  shall  have the  right,  in its  discretion,  to  remove  any
Application,  or prevent its  provisioning,  at its discretion in the event Tira
has reasonable  grounds for believing that the Application is suffering from any
Standard Defect or Critical Defect.

9.       INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

         (a)  The Developer in the case of Applications it has created, owns all
              proprietary  rights,  including  copyrights,   patents  and  trade
              secrets in and to the AApplications and to any modifications  that
              it makes to the  Applications in accordance with Section 7 of this
              Agreement,  however any such modifications will be considered part
              of the Applications for the purposes of the Agreement.  Tira shall
              retain all  ownership  rights,  title,  and interest in and to any
              modifications  that it makes to the  Applications,  provided  that
              Tira shall not modify  any  Application  other than to: (i) insert
              its code relating to digital rights  management,  branding,  rogue
              application  protection,  update  notification,  and  reviews  and
              ratings  (which  code shall only be invoked at the  startup of the
              Application  and shall be inert with respect to the  functionality
              of the Application), (ii) insert branding labels to highlight that
              the Application is a Certified  Application or to otherwise market
              the Application,  or (iii) or as otherwise expressly agreed by the
              Developer.

         (b)  For marketing  purposes  only,  each party may make  references to
              this Agreement or display the other party's logos or trademarks at
              any website owned by it,  provided  that each party  complies with
              any and all reasonable  trade-mark usage guidelines and/or marking
              requirements as the other party may notify from time to time.

         (c)  Nothing  in  this  Agreement  shall  grant  to  either  party  any
              ownership or other intellectual property rights of the other party
              other than as expressly set out in this Agreement.

10.      TRANSFER/SALE.

         (a)  Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Tira, any transfer
              by the  Developer of  ownership of any or all of the  Applications
              or, if the  Developer is not an  individual,  any  reorganization,
              merger, consolidation,  acquisition, or other restructuring of the
              Developer or any  transaction  involving the sale of any or all of
              the Applications  will be subject to Tira's continued right of use
              of  the  Applications   previously   sublicensed  to  Channels  in
              accordance  with the  terms of this  Agreement.  In the event of a
              proposed  sales or transfer of  Applications  as described in this

                                                                               3

<PAGE>

              subsection,  Tira will use its commercially  reasonable efforts to
              provide  Developer  with a listing  of  Channels  in which Tira is
              currently   distributing   the   Applications   subject   to   any
              confidentially restrictions.

         (b)  If the  Developer  intends to  transfer  or sell any or all of the
              Applications  to a third  party,  prior to entering  into any such
              agreement  with that  third  party the  Developer  shall  offer to
              transfer or sell such  Applications  to Tira on the same terms and
              conditions as the Developer has agreed with such third party. Tira
              may  accept or reject the offer in its sole  discretion,  provided
              that Tira shall inform the Developer of its decision within 5 days
              of  being  provided  in  writing  with a  binding  offer  from the
              Developer. If the offer is rejected by Tira then the Developer may
              enter into an  agreement  on the same terms with the third  party,
              provided that for greater  certainty the Developer shall not enter
              into any  agreement  with  that  same  third-party  that  contains
              different terms and conditions  without again offering to transfer
              or sell the  Applications  to Tira on those  different  terms  and
              conditions.

11.      WARRANTIES.  Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, there are no
         warranties,   representations  or  conditions,   expressed  or  implied
         (including any implied  warranty or condition of merchantable  quality,
         durability  or  fitness  for a  particular  purpose),  written or oral,
         arising  by  statute,  operation  of law or  otherwise,  regarding  the
         Applications.

12.      INDEMNITY. Each party hereby indemnifies and saves the other party, its
         directors,  officers,  employees  and  shareholders  harmless  from and
         against any and all claims,  demands,  liabilities,  costs and expenses
         (including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and costs)  arising  out of or
         relating to a breach by such party of any of the terms or conditions of
         this  Agreement  or  relating  to, or  arising  out of,  the use of the
         Application(s).

13.      LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. The limit of either party's liability (whether
         in contract,  tort, negligence,  strict liability in tort or by statute
         or  otherwise)  to the  other  party r to any  third  party  concerning
         performance or  non-performance  by Tira or Developer,  as the case may
         be,in any manner  related to this  Agreement,  for any and all  claims,
         shall not in the  aggregate  exceed the  greater  of: (i) the fees then
         payable  by Tira to  Developer  pursuant  to this  Agreement;  and (ii)
         Cdn.$1,000.00  In no event shall either  party be liable for  indirect,
         special,  consequential,  incidental  or  punitive  losses,  damages or
         expenses  or lost  profits  or savings  even if it has been  advised of
         their possible existence.  This Section shall not, however,  apply with
         respect to any breach of Section 6, Section 9 or Section 14.

14.      CONFIDENTIALITY.  Each of the  parties  agrees to treat all  proposals,
         plans,  documents and all other  information  communicated to the other
         during  the term of this  Agreement  and  designated  as  confidential,
         including  the terms of this  Agreement,  or which a  reasonable  party
         would   consider  to  be  non-public   information   and   confidential
         ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION") as strictly confidential and agrees not to
         disclose or make use of any such  Confidential  Information  in its own
         business or otherwise  except for the purposes  expressly  set forth in
         this  Agreement.   "Confidential  Information"  does  not  include  (i)
         information  rightfully in the recipient party's possession free of any
         obligation   of  confidence  at  or  subsequent  to  the  time  it  was
         communicated  to the  receiving  party by the  disclosing  party,  (ii)
         information which was developed by employees or agents of the receiving
         party  independently  of  and  without  reference  to  any  information
         communicated  to the receiving  party by the  disclosing  party;  (iii)
         information  in the public  domain not as a result of any  inaction  or
         action of the receiving party in violation of such party's  obligations
         under this Agreement;  (iv) information  communicated by the disclosing
         party  to an  unaffiliated  third  party  free  of  any  obligation  of
         confidence;  or (v)  information  which  is  required  to be  disclosed
         pursuant to a legal  proceeding  or otherwise at law,  provided that in
         such  circumstances  the  disclosing  party  shall give the other party
         reasonable notice that such disclosure is required. Notwithstanding the
         terms of this  Section,  either  party may cause this  agreement  to be
         filed with the SEC or other Government  regulatory  agency if either or
         both  parties  are  under  a  continuing   obligation  to  render  such
         agreements into the public domain  provided  however that any schedules
         where royalty rates or other commercially  sensitive  information shall
         be removed prior to filing.

                                                                               4

<PAGE>

15.      TERMINATION.  Either  party may  terminate  this  Agreement at any time
         upon: (i) providing written notice to the other party at least 180 days
         prior to termination;  (ii) a material breach by the other party of its
         obligations  under this  Agreement,  provided  that such breach has not
         been  remedied  within  thirty  days of  receipt  of a notice  from the
         terminating  party  specifying  the  breach;  or (iii) the other  party
         making  a  general  assignment  for  the  benefit  of  creditors,   the
         appointment  by such other  party of a  receiver  for its  business  or
         assets,  or such other party availing itself of or becoming  subject to
         any proceeding relating to insolvency,  bankruptcy or the protection of
         rights  of  creditors..  Upon  termination,  Tira  shall no  longer  be
         entitled to sublicense the  Application(s) for use by Channels or their
         customers, or to use the Applications in a Demo Program and Tira shall,
         as soon as reasonably  practicable following the date of termination of
         this Agreement,  remove the Applications from then existing  Channels..
         The    ownership,    confidentiality    and    intellectual    property
         representations,  warranties and covenants  contained in this Agreement
         and  the  exclusivity  obligation  set  out in  Section  5(ii)  of this
         Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

16.      BANKRUPTCY EVENT.  Effective upon a Bankruptcy Event (as defined below)
         by  Developer,  Tira is hereby  granted a  non-exclusive,  irrevocable,
         paid-up, royalty-free license, for a the remainder of its contract term
         , to access  the  source  code and source  code  documentation  for the
         Applications to sublicense and use solely in the manner contemplated by
         this Agreement.  For greater clarity,  the terms and provisions of this
         Agreement shall continue to apply MUTATIS  MUTANDIS  notwithstanding  a
         Bankruptcy Event (including, without limitation, the right of Developer
         to  receive  the  Royalty  as  prescribed  in  Schedule  "B"  hereto in
         connection with the sale of the Applications). Further, nothing in this
         Agreement  shall be construed so as to grant Tira any ownership  rights
         in the  source  code or  source  code  documentation  or any  right  to
         sublicense  the  source  code  or  source  code  documentation  for the
         Applications or to use the source code or source code  documentation in
         any manner  other than for the purposes  specified  in this  Agreement.
         "BANKRUPTCY  EVENT"  means  where  the  Developer  (i)  makes a general
         assignment   for  the  benefit  of  its  creditors  or  a  proposal  or
         arrangement under the BANKRUPTCY AND INSOLVENCY ACT (Canada) or similar
         legislation,  or a petition is filed  against the  Developer  under the
         BANKRUPTCY AND INSOLVENCY ACT (Canada) or similar legislation; (ii) the
         Licensee  shall be declared or  adjudicated  bankrupt or a  liquidator,
         trustee  in  bankruptcy,  custodian,  receiver,  manager  or any  other
         officer with similar powers shall be appointed of or for the Developer;
         (iii) the Developer's  business or the Developer shall commit an act of
         bankruptcy or shall propose a compromise  or  arrangement  or institute
         proceedings  to be adjudged  bankrupt or  insolvent or consents to such
         appointment or the initiation of such  proceedings or admits in writing
         inability  to pay debts  generally  as they become due, or seeks formal
         protection from  creditors;  (iv) or the Developer shall cease to carry
         on business.

17.      GENERAL. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to construe the
         parties  as  partners,  employer/employee  or  joint  ventures,  or  as
         creating any relationship other than as independent  contractors.  This
         Agreement  shall be  governed  by the laws of  Ontario  and the laws of
         Canada  applicable  in  Ontario.  This  Agreement  contains  the entire
         agreement  of the  parties  with  respect  to its  subject  matter  and
         supersedes  all  prior  agreements  and  representations   between  the
         parties,  written or oral,  relating to the same subject matter. In the
         event that any of the provisions of this  Agreement  shall be held by a
         court or other  tribunal  of  competent  jurisdiction  to be invalid or
         unenforceable, the remaining portions of this Agreement shall remain in
         full force and effect and shall be construed  so as to best  effectuate
         the intention of the parties in executing it. This  Agreement  shall be
         binding and enure to the benefit of the parties' respective  successors
         and  assigns,  and  subject  to Section  10 of this  Agreement,  may be
         assigned by either  party upon  providing  written  notice to the other
         party.  Neither  party  shall be  liable  for any  failure  or delay in
         performing any of its  obligations if such delay is caused by any event
         or  circumstance  beyond  its  reasonable  control,  including  acts of
         nature,   accidents,   or  any  other   industrial,   civil  or  public
         disturbance.

18.      NOTICE. All notices with regard to the Agreement shall be delivered to:

                                                                               5

<PAGE>

For IVP Technology Corporation

If by mail:
Mr. Brian MacDonald
Suite 401, 2275 Lakeshore Boulevard West
Toronto, Ontario
M8V 3Y3

If by Fax:  416-252-4578
If by Email:  bmacdonald@ivptechnology.com

For Tira:

If by mail:

Alon Sobol
Tira Wireless Inc.
20 Eglinton Ave. W.
Suite 600
Toronto, Ontario
M4R-1K8

Fax: 416.488.1988
Email: asobol@tirawireless.com
       -----------------------





         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement.


         TIRA WIRELESS INC.                     ________________________________


         ______________________________         Per:____________________________
         Name:_________________________         Name: Brian J. MacDonald
         Title:________________________         Title: President and CEO________

         Address:  20 Eglinton Ave. W.
                   Suite 600

         Toronto, Ontario, Canada______
         M4R 1K8   ____________________

                                                                               6

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE B
                          ROYALTY AND ADDITIONAL TERMS


I.    PAYMENT STRUCTURE

The following payment terms and conditions will apply to the Applications:

1.    No  payments  shall be due to the  Developer  for use of any  Applications
      during Tira's internal  installation and or use of the Applications during
      testing,  trials, pilot launches or other non-revenue  generating tests or
      evaluations,   or  for  Tira's  public  demonstrations  of  the  Certified
      Applications to current or prospective  Channels or other customers and/or
      at trade shows, conferences, seminars or industry events.

2.    Tira and  Developer  shall  negotiate in good faith to determine the price
      charged to Tira for each  Application  following the inclusion in Schedule
      "A" of this Agreement of each Application (the "ROYALTY"),  which shall in
      the opinion of Tira and Developer be commercially  reasonable.  Subsequent
      to  inclusion  of an  Application  in the  contract  under  Schedule A, if
      agreement on price is not reached within 45 days, the Application  will be
      excluded from this  Agreement and from any current or future Demo Program,
      unless otherwise mutually agreed between the parties.

3.    For the publishing  services provided by Tira as set out in the Agreement,
      Tira will set the sale price for each  Application for sale to any Channel
      based upon the Channel's requirements the services to be provided by Tira,
      including without  limitation,  tools and platform  hosting,  RFP process,
      localization,   billing   integration,   mobile  operator  promotions  and
      certification services (the "SALE PRICE").

4.    Within 30 days  following the end of each  calendar  quarter (a "REPORTING
      PERIOD"),  Tira will provide  Developer with a report  ("ROYALTY  REPORT")
      detailing the proceeds received by Tira from the Applications  during such
      Reporting Period (identified by title or other appropriate identifier) and
      the Royalty to be paid to the  Developer.  Provided  that the Developer is
      not in  breach  of  any  of its  obligations  under  this  Agreement,  the
      Developer's  Royalty shall by paid to the Developer  within 45 days of the
      end of the  Reporting  Period to which such Royalty  relates.  The Royalty
      Report may be made available electronically,  provided in writing, or made
      available for viewing by the  Developer at a secure or password  protected
      location on a web site designated by Tira for such purpose.

5.    If there is a disagreement  relating to the  calculation of any amount set
      out in the Royalty Report, such disagreement shall be resolved mutually in
      accordance with the procedures detailed in Section II below.

II. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

In the event there is a disagreement relating to the calculation of the Royalty,
the  parties  will  attempt  to settle  such  disagreement  or  dispute  through
consultation  and negotiation in good faith. If those attempts fail to achieve a
settlement,  then the dispute will be mediated by a mutually acceptable mediator
to be chosen by the  parties  within 45 days of written  notice by either  party
demanding  mediation.  Neither party may  unreasonably  withhold  consent to the
selection  of the  mediator,  and the  parties  shall  share  the  costs  of the
mediation  equally.  The mediation  shall be conducted  within 30 days after the
selection  of the  mediator.  The  parties  may also  mutually  agree to replace
mediation  with some other  form of  alternate  dispute  resolution  (ADR).  Any
dispute  which  cannot be  resolved  between the  parties  through  negotiation,
mediation  or other form of ADR  within  six  months of the date of the  initial
demand for  mediation or ADR may then be submitted to the courts for  resolution
in accordance with Section 17 of the Agreement.  At Developer's  request (but no
more  often  than once  annually),  Developer  shall have the right to appoint a
professional  auditing firm to enter Tira's premises during normal working hours
to audit the  calculation of the Royalty.  Any such audit shall be undertaken in

                                                                               7

<PAGE>

the presence of an authorized  agent of Tira, and shall be limited to reasonable
inquiries to determine  whether an  infringement of this Agreement has occurred.
Developer  shall provide Tira with written  notice of its intent to conduct such
an audit at least 10  business  days prior to such  audit.  If this  examination
reveals that Developer has not been paid the  appropriate  Royalty as prescribed
in this Agreement,  Tira will promptly pay Developer any deficiency,  and if the
fees owing to Developer  exceed 5% of the fees  actually  paid,  then Tira shall
also pay Developer's reasonable costs of conducting such examination.

                                                                               8

<PAGE>

                                  SCHEDULE "C"

                                    CHANNELS
North America:

         Rogers AT&T Wireless
         Telus Mobility
         Bell Mobility
         AT&T Wireless
         Cingular
         Sprint
         Nextel

Europe:

         3 (Hutchison 3G)
         Orange
         Vodaphone
         Telephonica
         T-Mobil
         MMO2
         Mobilkom Austria

Mobile Portals:

         Handango
         End2End
         Motorola
         Telecom1
         Jamba


DATE SIGNED
           -----------------
APPROVED BY:
            ------------------------(DEVELOPER)

ISSUED BY:
          ----------------------------(TIRA)

                                                                               9



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
