<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bgallagherconsultagree.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2


                                  ATTACHMENT B

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This  Consulting  Agreement  (the  "Agreement"),   dated  March  18,  2003  (the
"Effective  Date"), is entered into by and between  CollaGenex  Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and  Brian  Gallagher   (the
"Consultant").

WHEREAS,  the Company  desires to retain the  Consultant  to perform  consulting
services for the Company, as more particularly described herein;

WHEREAS,  the Consultant is knowledgeable in providing such consulting  services
and has agreed to provide such services to the Company; and

WHEREAS,  the parties  have  entered  into a  Transition  Agreement  and Release
governing  the  parties'   rights  and   obligations  in  connection   with  the
Consultant's transition from the Company of which this Agreement is a part.

NOW,  THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises  contained
herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is  hereby  acknowledged  by the  parties  hereto,  the  parties  agree as
follows:

1. JOB TO BE  PERFORMED.  The  Consultant  will  advise  the  Company on various
matters related to its business,  as such are discussed below (the  "Services").
It is  anticipated  that he will  provide  approximately  15 hours  per month of
Services.  It is contemplated,  however, that during the first two months of the
term of this Agreement,  the Consultant will provide  approximately 80 hours per
month of Services.  The  Consultant  agrees to comply with the Company's  rules,
regulations, policies and procedures in performing such Services.

     "Services" shall include,  but shall not be limited to, the following:  (i)
     advice and counsel to the Company's  Board of Directors and Chief Executive
     Officer  on matters  including,  but not  limited  to,  business  strategy,
     long-term planning,  and historical  business and market perspective;  (ii)
     reasonable  assistance,  either by telephone or, if  necessary,  in-person,
     with any  information  or strategy  needed to  formulate  and  implement an
     effective  transition  as  contemplated  in the  Transition  Agreement  and
     Release; (iii) reasonable assistance with the prosecution or defense of any
     legal  proceeding,  including,  but not limited to,  litigation  and agency
     proceedings and investigations,  whether regarding  intellectual  property,
     matters before the Food and Drug Administration or otherwise; (iv) investor
     relations,  including attendance at functions when directed by the Board of
     Directors;  and (v) such other related  services as may be requested by the
     Company from time to time.

     The  parties  agree  that  nothing  in  this  consulting   agreement  shall
     unreasonably interfere with the Consultant's other business activities.

2.  INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTOR.  It is the express  intention of the parties hereto
that the  Consultant is an independent  contractor  and not an employee,  agent,
joint  venturer  or partner of the  Company

<PAGE>

for any  purposes  whatsoever.  The  Consultant  shall  not be  entitled  to any
benefits  which the Company may make  available to employees  from time to time.
The  Consultant  shall be solely  responsible  for all state and federal  income
taxes,  unemployment  insurance and social  security  taxes and for  maintaining
adequate workers' compensation insurance coverage for himself or any employee(s)
he may have.

     (a) Final Results.  In the performance of the Services,  the Consultant has
     the authority to control and direct the  performance  of the details of the
     Services,  the  Company  being  interested  only in the  results  obtained.
     However, the Services contemplated herein must meet the Company's standards
     and  approval  and  shall be  subject  to the  Company's  general  right of
     inspection and supervision to secure their satisfactory completion.

     (b) Non-Exclusivity.  The Consultant retains the right to contract with and
     be employed by other  companies  or entities for his  consulting  services,
     subject only to the restriction  that any such alternate work may in no way
     conflict with the  Consultant's  duties to the Company stated herein and in
     the  Transition  Agreement  and Release.  Likewise,  the Company  retains a
     reciprocal  right to contract with other companies  and/or  individuals for
     consulting services without restriction.

     (c) No Agency. The Consultant is not an authorized agent of the Company and
     does not  have  any  right or  authority  to bind or  otherwise  act on the
     Company's behalf in any contract or other business relationship,  without a
     prior written  authorization signed by an executive officer of the Company.

3.  COMPENSATION.  For the full and proper  performance of this  Agreement,  the
Company  shall pay the  Consultant in  twenty-four  (24) equal  installments  of
$27,037.50 paid on or about the first day of each month following the Separation
Date (as defined in the  Transition  Agreement and  Release).  The Company shall
reimburse the  Consultant  for all  pre-approved  reasonable  expenses  actually
incurred by the Consultant in the course of providing the Services.

4. CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY  INFORMATION.  The Consultant  acknowledges that
his relationship with the Company is one of high trust and confidence in that in
the course of his  service to the  Company,  he will have  access to and contact
with confidential and proprietary information of the Company, its affiliates and
of the Company's customers, including but not limited to business plans, methods
and practices of doing business,  financial information and terms and conditions
of current  contractual  relations with customers and/or suppliers and customer,
supplier  lists,  technical  specifications,  personnel  information,  and trade
secrets.  The Consultant  will not,  during the term of this Agreement or at any
time thereafter, disclose any confidential and proprietary information to others
outside the Company or use the same for any purpose unrelated to the business of
the Company. For such purposes,  confidential and proprietary  information shall
not  include  any general  "know-how"  of  Consultant  or  information  that the
Consultant  knew  prior to his  engagement  with the  Company  that has not been
previously assigned to the Company.

5. INVENTION ASSIGNMENT.

     (a)  Any  and  all any  inventions,  improvements,  processes,  procedures,
     techniques,  documentation,   specifications,   research,  designs,  files,
     methods,  ideas,  whether  patentable or not  (collectively  referred to as
     "Inventions") which the Consultant may make, conceive, discover or develop,
     during the course of his consultancy with the

                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>


     Company shall be deemed works made for hire under the applicable  copyright
     laws,  and it is intended  that all such  Inventions  shall be the sole and
     exclusive  property of the  Company.  The  Consultant  agrees to assign and
     hereby  does  assign to the  Company  all his rights and  interests  in all
     Inventions,  patents, copyrights,  trademarks, and rights to royalties with
     respect to such Inventions, patents, copyrights, and trademarks,  including
     all proprietary  rights,  publication rights,  display rights,  attribution
     rights,  integrity  rights,  approval  rights,  publicity  rights,  privacy
     rights, or moral rights associated therewith.

     The  Consultant  understands  that  this  paragraph  (a) shall not apply to
     Inventions  which are made and  conceived  by him (i) not on the  Company's
     premises and (ii) not using the Company's  tools,  devices,  equipment,  or
     Confidential Information.

     (b) The Consultant agrees to cooperate fully with the Company,  both during
     and  after  his  consultancy   with  the  Company,   with  respect  to  the
     procurement,  maintenance and enforcement of copyrights,  patents and other
     intellectual  property  rights  (both  in the  United  States  and  foreign
     countries)  relating to Inventions.  The Consultant  shall sign all papers,
     including, without limitation, copyright applications, patent applications,
     declarations,  oaths, formal  assignments,  assignments of priority rights,
     and powers of attorney,  which the Company may deem  necessary or desirable
     in order to protect its rights and interests in any Invention.

6. RETURN OF PROPERTY.  Any and all materials furnished to the Consultant by the
Company or  relating to the  business  of the  Company  shall be returned to the
Company on the earlier of the  conclusion  of the term of the  Agreement or upon
written request by the Company.

7. NO CONFLICTS.  The Consultant  represents and agrees that he has no actual or
potential  conflicts of interest in accepting this  engagement  with the Company
and/or  performing the Services.  The Consultant  further  represents and agrees
that he has not  brought  and  will  not  bring  to the  Company,  or use in the
performance  of the Services,  any materials or documents of a present or former
employer or client that are not generally available to the public, unless he has
obtained  written  authorization  for  possession  and use of such  materials or
documents.

8. TERM OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement is effective from the Separation  Date, as
such is defined in the Transition  Agreement and Release,  through and including
the day of the second anniversary thereof, unless sooner terminated as set forth
below.

9.  TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement may be terminated in the following
manner:  (a) at any time upon the mutual written  consent of the parties hereto;
or (b) if one party has materially breached this Agreement,  upon ten (10) days'
prior written notice  delivered to the breaching  party, if such breaching party
does not cure such  breach  within such ten (10) day period.  In  addition,  the
Company's  obligations  hereunder  shall  cease  immediately  upon the  death or
disability  of the  Consultant;  provided,  however,  the  Company  shall pay to
Consultant or Consultant's heirs, as applicable, any amount due and owing to the
Consultant  prior to such event of death or  disability.  For  purposes  of this
Agreement,  the  disability of the  Consultant  shall be deemed to have occurred
upon Consultant's  medical inability to fulfill his obligations  hereunder for a
period of three (3) consecutive months.

                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>


10.  NON-WAIVER.  No delay or omission by the  Company in  exercising  any right
under this  Agreement  shall  operate as a waiver of that or any other right.  A
waiver or consent  given by the Company on any one  occasion  shall be effective
only in that instance and shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of any right
on any other occasion.

11.  AMENDMENT.  This  Agreement  may be amended or  modified  only by a written
instrument executed by both the Company and the Consultant.

12. NON-ASSIGNABILITY OF CONTRACT; SUCCESSORS. This Agreement is personal to the
Consultant,  and he shall  not have the  right to  assign  any of his  rights or
delegate any of his duties without express  written consent of the Company.  Any
assignment or delegation to which the Company does not consent,  whether express
or implied or by operation of law,  shall be void and shall  constitute a breach
and a default of this Agreement by the Consultant.  Any successor to the Company
(whether   direct  or  indirect   and  whether  by  purchase,   lease,   merger,
consolidation,  liquidation  or  otherwise) to all or  substantially  all of the
Company's  business and/or assets shall assume the Company's  obligations  under
this  Agreement  in the same  manner and to the same extent as the  Company.  In
addition  all rights of the  Company  under this  agreement  shall  inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by any of its successors,  agents,  employees, and
assigns.

13.  GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

14.  WARRANTIES.   The  Consultant  will  assume  sole  responsibility  for  his
compliance with  applicable  federal and state laws and  regulations,  and shall
rely exclusively upon his own determination, or that of his legal advisers, that
the performance of Services and the receipt of  consideration  hereunder  comply
with such laws and  regulations,  including but not limited to,  applicable  tax
law.

15. COMPLETE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between
the  parties  and  supersedes,  replaces  and  takes  precedence  over any prior
understanding or oral or written  agreement  between the parties  respecting the
subject matter of this Agreement, except that nothing herein shall supercede the
Transition  Agreement and Release between Consultant and the Company.  There are
no  representations,  agreements,  arrangements,  nor  understandings,  oral  or
written,  between the  parties  hereto  relating  to the subject  matter of this
Agreement which are not fully expressed herein.

16.  SEVERABILITY.  In the event any provision of this  Agreement  shall be held
invalid,  the same shall not  invalidate or otherwise  affect in any respect any
other term or terms of this Agreement,  which term or terms shall remain in full
force and effect.

                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>


17. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) signed counterparts,
each of which shall  constitute  an  original,  but all of which taken  together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.



This Agreement is executed and entered into on the date(s) set forth below.


BRIAN GALLAGHER                        COLLAGENEX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.


/s/ Brian Gallagher                     /s/ James O'Shea
----------------------------------     ---------------------------------------

Date: March 18, 2003                   By:    James O'Shea
     -----------------------------            --------------------------------

                                       Title: Member of the Board of Directors
                                              --------------------------------

                                       Date:  March 18, 2003
                                              --------------------------------




                                     - 5 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
