<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>s15-3474_ex10g.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10G
<TEXT>

                      THIRD AMENDMENT AND WAIVER AGREEMENT

         THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND WAIVER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made
and entered into as of the 21st day of March, 2003, by and among FLEET CAPITAL
CORPORATION ("Lender"), a Rhode Island corporation with an office at 200
Glastonbury Boulevard, Glastonbury, Connecticut 06033; and UNITED INDUSTRIAL
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, and the following of its subsidiaries: AAI
CORPORATION ("AAI"), a Maryland corporation, DETROIT STOKER COMPANY, a Michigan
corporation; AAI ENGINEERING SUPPORT INC., a Maryland corporation, AAI/ACL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, and MIDWEST METALLURGICAL
LABORATORY, INC., a Michigan corporation (each a "Borrower" and collectively the
"Borrowers"). Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the
meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement (defined below).

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers and the Lender are parties to the Loan and
Security Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2001, as amended by the Waiver,
Amendment and Consent Agreement dated as of March 6, 2002 and the Second
Amendment and Consent Agreement dated as of June 28, 2002 (the "Credit
Agreement"); and

         WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested and the Lender has agreed to
waive certain of the provisions of the Credit Agreement, and the Borrowers and
the Lender have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement, all on the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and in reliance
thereon, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

         SECTION 1.  WAIVER.  The Lender hereby  retroactively  waives the
non-compliance  by Borrowers with Sections 8.3.1 and 8.3.2 of the Credit
Agreement as of December 31, 2002.

         Nothing in this Section 1 is intended to waive (a) any Default or Event
of Default other than those that would have occurred under Section 8.3.1 and
8.3.2 but for the waiver set forth in this Section 1, or (b) the Default and
Event of Default that would arise upon the failure of the Borrowers to satisfy
the covenants set forth in Sections 8.3.1 and 8.3.2 of the Credit Agreement as
of March 31, 2003 or any subsequent date.

         SECTION 2. AMENDMENTS. Subject to the satisfaction in full, on or
prior to the Agreement Effective Date, of the conditions precedent set forth
in Section 3 below, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         (i) The third sentence of Section 1.1.1 is amended and restated in its
     entirety as follows:

         Notwithstanding the amount of the Maximum Credit Facility
         referred to above and anything to the contrary stated in this
         Agreement, but subject to the right of the Lender to demand
         repayment at any time of any Overadvance, if the aggregate of
         all Loans outstanding hereunder and all LC Amounts exceeds at
         any time $25,000,000 (the "Minimum Credit Facility"), the
         Borrowers shall deliver to the Lender Cash and Cash
         Equivalents equal to the excess of the sum of the Loans and LC
         Amounts over $25,000,000, which Cash and Cash Equivalents
         shall be held by the Lender as additional cash collateral for
         the Obligations and which may be applied by the Lender to the
         Obligations upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
         any Event of Default.


<PAGE>

         (ii) The second sentence of Section 1.2 is amended and restated in its
     entirety as follows:

         No Letter of Credit or LC Guarantee (i) may have an expiration
         date that is more than one week after the last day of the
         Original Term (or, if a Renewal Term is then in effect, such
         Renewal Term), or (ii) will be issued if the issuance thereof
         would cause the sum of the LC Amount and outstanding Loans to
         exceed the lesser of (a) the Maximum Credit Facility and (b)
         the Borrowing Base.

         (iii) The following Section 1.1.3 is added after Section 1.1.2 of the
     Credit Agreement:

                  1.1.3 Foreign Exchange Facility. At the request of
         any Borrower, the Lender will, from time to time, make
         available (or cause the Bank to make available) to the
         Borrowers up to US$1,000,000 of foreign exchange contracts on
         terms acceptable to the Lender, provided that the amount of
         Revolving Loans that are available to the Borrowers under
         Section 1.1.1 shall be reduced by the amount of any such
         outstanding foreign exchange contracts. The terms and
         conditions applicable to each such foreign exchange contract
         shall be those terms and conditions set forth in the standard
         form of foreign exchange contract of the Lender or Bank, as
         applicable, as modified or otherwise amplified by the terms of
         any documents or confirmations applicable to any specific
         transaction.

         (iv) Section 4.2.1 of the Credit Agreement is amended and restated
     in its entirety as follows:

                  4.2.1 Termination at End of Term or Termination by
         Lender. This Agreement, and the right of the Borrowers to
         request Loans, Letters of Credit and foreign exchange
         contracts hereunder, shall automatically terminate at the end
         of the Original Term or any Renewal Term unless, prior to the
         end of the Original Term or Renewal Term then in effect, as
         applicable, the Lender consents in writing to extend the term
         hereof. The Lender shall also have the right to terminate this
         Agreement and the right of the Borrowers to request Loans,
         Letters of Credit and foreign exchange contracts hereunder at
         any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is
         continuing.

         (v) The following Section 4.2.5 is added after Section 4.2.4 of the
     Credit Agreement:

                  4.2.5 Effect of Termination on Letters of Credit.
         Upon the termination of the Lender's commitment to make
         Letters of Credit and LC Guaranties available to the
         Borrowers, or the acceleration of the Obligations with respect
         to all Letters of Credit and/or LC Guaranties, the Borrowers
         will either (i) pay to the Lender an amount equal to LC Amount
         as cash collateral for all Letters of Credit and LC Guaranties
         or (ii) deliver to the Lender a Qualifying Letter of Credit.

         (vi) The following Section 8.1.9 is added after Section 8.1.8:

                  8.1.9 Summerville Landlord Waiver. Use commercially
         reasonable efforts to provide to the Lender on or before May
         31, 2003, a landlord waiver, in form and substance reasonably
         satisfactory to the Lender, executed by the landlord of the
         properties located at 2735 and 2745 West 5th North Street,
         Summerville, South Carolina.


<PAGE>

         (vii) Sections 8.3.1 and 8.3.2 of the Credit Agreement are amended and
     restated in their entirety as follows and the following Sections 8.3.3
     and 8.3.4 are added after Section 8.3.2:

                  8.3.1 Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio: not permit
         the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of UIC and its
         Subsidiaries to be less than (a) 1.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal
         quarter ending March 31, 2003; (b) 1.00 to 1.00 for the period
         of two fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2003; (c) 1.30 to 1.00
         for the period of three fiscal quarters ending September 30,
         2003; or (d) 1.50 to 1.00 for the period of four fiscal
         quarters ending on December 31, 2003 or ending on any March
         31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 thereafter.

                  8.3.2 Maximum Balance Sheet Leverage Ratio: not
         permit the ratio of UIC and its Subsidiaries' (a) total
         liabilities, as determined on a consolidated basis in
         accordance with GAAP (but, without duplication, including all
         LC Amounts as liabilities), to (b) Tangible Total Net Worth,
         to exceed 3.50 as at March 31, 2003 or as at the end of any
         fiscal quarter thereafter.

                  8.3.3 Losses From Discontinued Transportation
         Division: not permit the pre-tax losses incurred by UIC and
         its Subsidiaries as a result of the cessation of business of
         their transportation division to be more than $10,000,000 in
         the aggregate at any time.

                  8.3.4 Variance of Audited Statements From Management
         Statements: not permit the net income or Tangible Total Net Worth of
         UIC and its Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal year ended December
         31, 2002, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
         with GAAP, as set forth in the audited financial statements
         delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 8.1.3, to be more
         than 5% less than the net income or Tangible Total Net Worth
         of UIC and its Subsidiaries as set forth in the unaudited
         financial statements delivered to the Lender pursuant to
         Section 8.1.3 prior to the Third Amendment Date.

         (viii) The second sentence of the definition of "Appraised Machinery
     and Equipment" in Appendix A to the Credit Agreement is deleted and the
     following sentence is substituted therefor:

         Such appraisal shall set forth the liquidation value of such
         machinery and equipment and shall be in form and substance
         acceptable to the Lender.

         (ix) The first paragraph of the definition of "Borrowing Base" in
     Appendix A to the Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its
     entirety as follows:

              Borrowing Base - as at the date of determination
         thereof an amount equal to 75% of the aggregate amount of
         Eligible Accounts arising from Government Contracts; plus 70%
         of the aggregate amount of Eligible Accounts arising from
         Non-Government Contracts; plus 30% of Eligible Inventory; plus
         up to $2,703,000 of Appraised Machinery and Equipment; plus up
         to $10,000,000 of Cash or Cash Equivalents to be held at the
         Bank or such higher amount as is required by the third
         sentence of Section 1.1.1 of the Agreement; plus the Real
         Property Overadvance; minus, at any time that any contracts or
         transactions are outstanding under any foreign exchange
         facility provided by the Bank or the Lender or any Affiliate
         thereof to any of the Borrowers, $750,000; minus the aggregate
         amount of Landlord Waiver Reserves; provided that the
         Borrowing Base shall be increased by an amount equal to the
         Real Property Valuation in accordance with Section 10.3 hereof
         and shall be decreased by the amount of any payments of the
         Real Property Overadvance pursuant to Section 3.3.1 or any
         other provision of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

         (x) The words "Initial Term" are deleted from the definition of
     "Termination Date" in Appendix A to the Credit Agreement and the words
     "Original Term" are substituted therefor.

         (xi) The following definitions in Appendix A are amended and restated
     in their entirety as follows:

         Applicable Margin - the margin applied to each LIBOR
         Advance and Base Rate Advance, which margin shall fluctuate in
         accordance with the then existing Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio,
         as follows:

                       Fixed Charge           Base Rate        LIBOR
      Level           Coverage Ratio           Advances       Advances
   ----------     -------------------------   ---------       --------
         I        Greater than 2.00 to 1.00      0.00%          1.75%

         II        Greater than or equal to      0.00%          2.00%
                    1.75 to 1.00 but less
                      than 2.00 to 1.00

        III        Greater than or equal to      0.25%          2.25%
                    1.50 to 1.00 but less
                      than 1.75 to 1.00

         IV        Greater than or equal to      0.50%          2.50%
                    1.30 to 1.00 but less
                      than 1.50 to 1.00

         V          Less than 1.30 to 1.00       0.75%          2.75%


          The Applicable Margin shall be determined on the basis of the
          financial statements required to be delivered to the Lender
          pursuant to Section 8.1.3 and any change in the Applicable
          Margin shall be effective at the time of the delivery of such
          financial statements. Anything in this Agreement to the
          contrary notwithstanding, the Applicable Margin shall be (a)
          the rates listed for Level V above if the financial statements
          required to be delivered by Section 8.1.3 shall not be
          delivered when due, and the rates listed in Level V above
          shall remain in effect until the delivery of such financial
          statements, and (b) the rates listed for Level V above between
          the Third Amendment Date and the first date thereafter that
          financial statements are delivered pursuant to Section 8.1.3.



<PAGE>

                   Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio - means for
          the period in question, for UIC and its Subsidiaries, the
          ratio of (i) the sum of (a) earnings before interest, taxes,
          depreciation and amortization, plus (b) the Transportation
          Division Addback Amount, minus (c) Unfunded Capital
          Expenditures, divided by (ii) the sum of (a) taxes paid in
          Cash during such period, (b) dividends, (c) stock repurchases
          and redemptions, (d) scheduled principal payments of the Loans
          and any other Indebtedness, including Capitalized Lease
          Obligations, (e) all interest in respect of Indebtedness
          accrued or paid during such period (whether or not actually
          paid during such period), and all fees and expenses payable
          under this Agreement, (f) amounts paid in Cash or Cash
          Equivalents with respect to asbestos litigation or claims, and
          (g) amounts paid in Cash or Cash Equivalents with respect to
          pension plans or other ERISA plans, each of the foregoing as
          determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in
          accordance with GAAP.

                   Other Agreements - any and all agreements,
          instruments and/or documents (other than this Agreement and
          the Security Documents), heretofore, now or hereafter executed
          by any Borrower, or any other third party on any such
          Borrower's behalf and delivered to Lender and/or Bank in
          respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
          including, without limitation, any Hedging Agreements.

          (xii) The following new definitions are added to Appendix A of the
     Credit Agreement in alphabetical order:

                   Hedging Agreement - means any interest rate
          protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement,
          commodity price protection agreement or other interest or
          currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.

                   Landlord Waiver Reserve - at any time of reference,
          with respect to the leases by Kores Nordic (USA) Corporation
          and Capital Imaging Incorporated of the properties located at
          2735 and 2745 West 5th North Street, respectively, each in
          Summerville, South Carolina, an amount equal to the rental
          obligations under such leases for a period of 90 days, as
          reasonably determined by the Lender, as a reserve against
          inventory located at the leasehold created by such leases.

                   Qualifying Letter of Credit - means an irrevocable
          letter of credit in form and substance satisfactory to the
          Lender in an amount equal to 105% of the LC Amount which is
          issued by a bank acceptable to the Lender and which provides
          that such letter of credit may be drawn upon by the Lender by
          delivery of a sight draft in the amount by which any
          outstanding Letter of Credit and/or LC Guaranty has been
          drawn.

                   Third Amendment Date - the "Agreement Effective Date"
          as defined in the Third Amendment and Waiver Agreement with
          respect to this Agreement.

                   Transportation Division Addback Amount - with respect
          to any fiscal period, the amount of losses incurred by UIC and
          its Subsidiaries during such period as a result of the
          cessation of business of their transportation division,
          provided that the Transportation Division Addback Amount shall
          not exceed $1,500,000 with respect to the fiscal quarter
          ending March 31, 2003; $3,000,000 in the aggregate with
          respect to the two fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2003;
          $4,500,000 in the aggregate with respect to the three fiscal
          quarters ending September 30, 2003; and $5,500,000 in the
          aggregate with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31,
          2003.



<PAGE>

                   Unfunded Capital Expenditures - all Capital
          Expenditures which are paid in cash and not financed with
          Indebtedness for borrowed money; provided that Capital
          Expenditures financed with the proceeds of Revolving Loans or
          with the proceeds of Indebtedness that is supported by Letters
          of Credit shall be deemed to constitute "Unfunded Capital
          Expenditures" for purposes of this Agreement.

     SECTION 3. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall
become effective as of the date hereof only when the following conditions shall
have been satisfied (the date of satisfaction of such conditions being referred
to herein as the "Agreement Effective Date"):

     (i)   The Lender shall have executed this Agreement and shall have received
           a copy of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrowers.

     (ii)  The Borrowers shall have paid a fee of $25,000 to Lender in
           consideration of the waiver set forth herein.

     (iii) The Borrowers shall have paid to counsel for the Lender the amount of
           reasonable fees and disbursements owed to such counsel in connection
           with this Agreement and matters related hereto.

     (iv)  The Lender shall have received such other information, approvals,
           opinions, documents or instruments as it may reasonably request.

     SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. In order to induce the Lender to
enter into this Agreement, the Borrowers jointly and severally represent and
warrant to the Lender that, as of the Agreement Effective Date, after giving
effect to the effectiveness of this Agreement, the following statements are true
and correct in all material respects:

     (i) Authorization of Agreements. The execution and delivery of this
         Agreement by each Borrower and its performance under the Credit
         Agreement as amended by this Agreement (the "Amended Agreement") are
         within each such Borrower's corporate powers and have been duly
         authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of each such
         Borrower.

    (ii) No Conflict. The execution and delivery by each Borrower of this
         Agreement and the performance by each Borrower of the Amended Agreement
         do not contravene any such Borrower's certificate of incorporation or
         by laws or any other contractual restriction where such a contravention
         has a reasonable possibility of having a Material Adverse Effect or
         contravening any law or governmental regulation or court decree or
         order binding on or affecting any such Borrower.

   (iii) Binding Obligation. This Agreement has been duly executed and
         delivered by each Borrower and this Agreement and the Amended Agreement
         constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of each Borrower,
         enforceable against each Borrower in accordance with their respective
         terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
         reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting
         creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.


<PAGE>

    (iv) Governmental Approval, Regulation, etc. No authorization or approval
         or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental
         authority or regulatory body or any other Person is required for the
         due execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by any
         Borrower.

     (v) Incorporation of Representations and Warranties from Credit Agreement.
         Other than as amended hereby each of the representations and warranties
         set forth in Section 7 of the Credit Agreement is true and correct.

     SECTION 5. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that
each of the Security Documents to which it is a party or otherwise bound shall
continue in full force and effect. Each Borrower hereby agrees and confirms that
each Security Document to which it is a party or otherwise bound and all
Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to guaranty or secure, as the case
may be, the payment and performance of all obligations guaranteed or secured
thereby, as the case may be, and that none of the Borrowers has any defense,
offset, counterclaim or right of recoupment with respect to the Obligations of
the Borrowers under the Amended Agreement.

     SECTION 6. MISCELLANEOUS.

     (i) Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents. Except as
         specifically set forth herein, the terms, provisions and conditions of
         the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full
         force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed and the
         Borrowers remain bound to pay and perform their obligations thereunder.

    (ii) Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE
         UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
         WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO SUCH LAWS RELATING TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS.

   (iii) Headings. The various headings of this Agreement are inserted for
         convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of
         this Agreement or any provision hereof.

    (iv) Counterparts and Incorporation. This Agreement may be executed by the
         parties hereto in several counterparts and by the different parties on
         separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original
         and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same
         instrument. Following execution and delivery of this Agreement, any
         reference to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed a reference to such
         document as hereby amended.

     (v) Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
         unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such provision and such
         jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
         unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this
         Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
         provisions in any other jurisdiction.


<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Third Amendment and Waiver Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

                                  FLEET CAPITAL CORPORATION


                                  By: /s/ Matthew Bourgeois
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: Matthew Bourgeois
                                  Title: Vice President

                                  UNITED INDUSTRIAL CORPORATION


                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President


                                  AAI CORPORATION


                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President

                                  DETROIT STOKER COMPANY

                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President


                                  AAI ENGINEERING SUPPORT INC.

                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President



<PAGE>


                                  AAI/ACL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President



                                  MIDWEST METALLURGICAL
                                  LABORATORY, INC.


                                  By: /s/ James H. Perry
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                  Name: James H. Perry
                                  Title: Vice President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
