<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bgtransitionagreement.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.1


                        TRANSITION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

      TRANSITION AGREEMENT  AND RELEASE  made as of the 18th day of March,  2003
(the  "Effective  Date"),  by and between  CollaGenex  Pharmaceuticals,  Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company") and Brian Gallagher (the "Employee").

      WHEREAS,  the parties wish to recognize the Employee's past  contributions
to the Company as well as define the Employee's  transition from the Company and
establish the terms thereof; and

      WHEREAS,  the  parties  wish to provide for an orderly  transition  of the
Company's Chief Executive  Officer  position from the Employee to his successor;
and

      NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the promises and conditions set forth
herein,  the  sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged,  the Company and the
Employee agree as follows:

      1. SEPARATION DATE. The Employee's date of separation from employment with
the  Company  will be the  earlier  of: (i) the first day of  employment  of the
Company's  new  Chief  Executive  Officer;  (ii)  such  earlier  date  as may be
determined by the Company's Board of Directors and  communicated to the Employee
with a minimum of thirty (30) days advance  notice;  or (iii)  December 31, 2003
(the "Separation Date").  Employee's rights to all  employment-related  benefits
shall cease on the Separation Date,  except as expressly  provided herein to the
contrary.  If the  Board  determines  it  will  be in the  best  interest  of an
effective  transition,  the  Employee  will  agree to resign his  position  as a
director on the Company's Board of Directors.


<PAGE>


      2. TRANSITION PERIOD.

      The  Employee  shall  continue  to be employed by the Company as its Chief
Executive  Officer and shall  provide such other  services as may  reasonably be
requested by the Board of Directors  during a transition  period which shall run
from the Effective Date through the Separation Date (the  "Transition  Period").
Upon the new Chief Executive Officer's commencing employment, the Employee shall
relinquish  both the  title and  decision-making  authority  attendant  with the
position of Chief Executive  Officer.  In addition to the day to day operational
and  management  duties which the Employee  shall continue to perform during the
Transition Period, he shall also assist the Board of Directors in its search for
a new Chief  Executive  Officer and work with the Company's new Chief  Executive
Officer  to  transfer  information  and  knowledge  and  provide  for an orderly
transition of the Company's Chief Executive Officer position.

      3. CONSIDERATION.  Provided that Employee has executed and not revoked his
acceptance of this Agreement or Attachment A during their  respective  seven (7)
day revocation periods, the Employee shall be eligible for the following:

            (a) Commencing  after the Separation  Date, the Company shall retain
the Employee's services as a consultant  pursuant to the independent  contractor
agreement attached hereto as Attachment B (the "Consulting Agreement"), which is
hereby  incorporated  by  reference.  In no event  shall  the first  payment  of
consulting  fees be made earlier  than the eighth  (8th) day after  execution of
both this  Agreement and  Attachment A and assuming no revocation of either such
agreement.

            (b)  Bonuses - The  Employee is  eligible  for a one-time,  lump sum
bonus

                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>


payment  in  the  gross  amount  of up to One  Hundred  Fifty  Thousand  Dollars
($150,000.00)  (representing  approximately  two  times the  Employee's  average
yearly bonus over the past 3 years) (the "Bonus").  After the  Separation  Date,
the Bonus which has been earned shall be paid to the Employee in accordance with
the Company's  normal  payroll  practices,  but in no event shall the payment be
made earlier than the eighth  (8th) day after  execution of both this  Agreement
and Attachment A and assuming no revocation of either such agreement.  The exact
amount of the bonus shall be determined based upon the following:


<PAGE>

                 (i) Retention Portion - $50,000.00 of the Bonus shall be earned
by the Employee automatically on the Separation Date; and

                 (ii)  Performance  Portion - $100,000.00  of the Bonus shall be
earned by the  Employee on the  Separation  Date;  provided,  however,  that the
payment of such $100,000 shall be conditioned  upon the  affirmation of each of:
(i) Ms. Nancy C. Broadbent,  or, if Ms.  Broadbent is no longer  affiliated with
the Company,  the Company's  then Chief  Financial  Officer;  and (ii) Mr. James
O'Shea,  or, if Mr. O'Shea is no longer then  affiliated  with the Company,  the
Company's then head of its Compensation Committee, that Employee in fact, at all
times prior to the Separation  Date,  cooperated fully with any search committee
formed by the Company's Board of Directors to locate and hire a successor to the
Employee and that Employee continued to perform services for the Company in such
manner and with such  commitment,  both in time and in effort,  as Employee  has
historically performed services for the Company.

            (c) Commencing after the Separation Date, and provided that Employee
has not revoked his  acceptance  of this  Agreement or Attachment A during their
respective  seven (7) day revocation  periods,  the Company shall, to the extent
that he has elected to continue  medical,  dental,  vision and prescription drug
benefits  pursuant to a valid COBRA  election,  reimburse  the

                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>


Employee for the COBRA premiums.  The right to receive such reimbursement  shall
end on the earlier of: (i) the Employee's  becoming eligible to receive benefits
pursuant to the plan of a new  employer;  and (ii) eighteen (18) months from the
Separation Date. On or about the first of each month beginning in the month that
is nineteen (19) months from the  Separation  Date and through and including the
month that is  twenty-four  (24) months from the  Separation  Date,  the Company
shall pay  Employee  an amount in cash equal to the amount of the COBRA  payment
made by the Company on behalf of the Employee during the eighteenth (18th) month
from the Separation  Date, on a grossed up basis for taxes;  provided,  however,
that the Company's obligations to make payments to the Employee pursuant to this
sentence  shall  terminate  at such time as the  Employee  becomes  eligible  to
receive benefits pursuant to the plan of a new Employer.

            (d) After the Separation  Date, the Company shall pay the Employee a
lump sum payment in the gross amount of fifteen  thousand  dollars  ($15,000.00)
(representing  payment by the Company for  outplacement  services and expenses -
although  the  Employee  shall  have the  right  to  spend  such sum as he deems
appropriate).  The lump sum pay will be paid to the Employee in accordance  with
the Company's  normal  payroll  practices,  but in no event shall the payment be
made earlier than the eighth  (8th) day after  execution of both this  Agreement
and Attachment A and assuming no revocation of either such agreement.

            (e) As of the  Effective  Date,  the  Company  will  accelerate  the
Employee's  right to exercise all unvested stock options  previously  granted to
the  Employee.  In addition,  the exercise date for: (i) all stock options which
are  contained  in stock  options  grants which were not fully vested on the day
before the Effective  Date; and (ii) those options to purchase  50,000 shares of
the Company's Common Stock pursuant to that certain Stock Option Agreement dated
February  7, 1997,  shall be  extended  to the latest  date on which the options
would have expired

                                     - 4 -

<PAGE>


according to the terms in each  respective  option  agreement,  had the Employee
remained  actively  employed  by the  Company.  Other than as  expressly  stated
herein,  the  provisions of the  Employee's  stock option  agreement(s)  and the
Company's stock option plan(s) shall not be altered hereby and they shall remain
in full force and effect and  continue to govern all  aspects of the  Employee's
stock options. In addition, except for that certain grant dated February 7, 1997
as and to the extent  referenced  above,  stock  option  grants which were fully
vested on the day before the  Effective  Date are not altered in any way by this
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to alter the Employee's current
ownership of the Company's common stock. The aforementioned modifications to the
stock option agreements are irrevocable.

            (f) The Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any
payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor shall any such payment be reduced by
any earnings that the Employee may receive from any other source.

            (g) Although the parties do not intend for this Agreement to provide
any  greater  or  lesser  benefit  on the  Employee  in the event of a change in
control,  notwithstanding anything in this Transition Agreement to the contrary,
if it shall be determined  that any payment or distribution by the Company to or
for  the  benefit  of  Employee  (whether  paid or  payable  or  distributed  or
distributable  pursuant to the terms of this Transition  Agreement or otherwise)
(a "Payment")  would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
Internal  Revenue  code of 1986,  as amended  (the  "Code") or any  interest  or
penalties  are  incurred by the  Employee  with respect to such excise tax (such
excise tax,  together  with any such  interest and  penalties,  are  hereinafter
collectively  referred to as the  "Excise  Tax"),  the Company  shall pay to the
Employee  (a  "Gross-Up  Payment")  an amount  such that  after  payment  by the
Employee of all taxes (including any interest or penalties  imposed with respect
to such taxes), including,  without

                                     - 5 -

<PAGE>


limitation,  any income taxes, calculated at the maximum federal and state rates
for  individuals  in the year in which a Payment is made (and any  interest  and
penalties  imposed  with  respect  thereto)  and  Excise Tax (and  interest  and
penalties  thereon) imposed upon the Gross-Up  Payment,  the Employee retains an
amount of the  Gross-Up  Payment  equal to the amount of the Excise Tax  imposed
upon the Payments.  The Employee  undertakes  and agrees that he will notify the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial  Officer of the Company  immediately
if he is contacted or notified by any taxing  authority  that they will be doing
any of the following:  (i) reviewing this Agreement;  (ii) reviewing whether any
Excise Tax is to be imposed upon the Employee in relation the this Agreement; or
(iii) imposing any Excise Tax on the Employee in relation to this Agreement

      4. RELEASES.

            (a)  The   Employee   hereby   fully,   forever,   irrevocably   and
unconditionally  releases,  remises and  discharges  the Company,  its officers,
directors, stockholders,  corporate affiliates,  subsidiaries, parent companies,
agents,  employees  and  attorneys  (each  in  their  individual  and  corporate
capacities)  (hereinafter,  the  "Released  Parties")  from any and all  claims,
charges,  complaints,  demands, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, debts,
sums of money, costs, accounts, reckonings,  covenants,  contracts,  agreements,
promises, doings, omissions, damages, executions, obligations,  liabilities, and
expenses  (including  attorneys' fees and costs), of every kind and nature which
he  ever  had or  now  has  against  the  Released  Parties  arising  out of his
employment with and/or separation from the Company,  including,  but not limited
to: all employment discrimination claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, 42 U.S.C.  ss.2000e et seq., the Age  Discrimination in Employment Act,
29 U.S.C.  ss. 621 et seq.,  the  Americans  With  Disabilities  Act of 1990, 42
U.S.C.  ss.12101 et seq., the Pennsylvania  Human

                                     - 6 -

<PAGE>


Relations Act, all as amended;  all claims arising out of the Family and Medical
Leave Act, 29 U.S.C.  ss. 2601 et seq., the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C.
ss.1681  et  seq.,  and the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act of 1974
("ERISA"),  29 U.S.C.  ss.1001  et seq.,  all as  amended;  all other  statutory
claims,  including  but not limited to, any state  discrimination  or employment
law,  and  any  state  whistleblower  protection  law;  all  common  law  claims
including,  but not  limited  to,  actions  in tort,  defamation  and  breach of
contract;  all  claims to any  non-vested  ownership  interest  in the  Company,
contractual or otherwise;  and any claim or damage arising out of the Employee's
employment  with  and/or  separation  from the  Company  (including  a claim for
retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal,  state or local statute
or ordinance not expressly referenced above; provided,  however, that nothing in
this  Agreement  prevents  the  Employee  from  filing,   cooperating  with,  or
participating  in  any  proceeding  before  the  Equal  Employment   Opportunity
Commission or a state fair employment practices agency (except that the Employee
acknowledges  that he may  not be  able to  recover  any  monetary  benefits  in
connection  with any such claim,  charge or  proceeding).  Nothing  herein shall
release the Employee's rights to take action against the Company for a breach of
this Agreement or the Consulting Agreement. Such a breach will not, however, act
to invalidate this release as to all other claims.

            (b) In consideration of the payment of the  consideration  described
in  paragraph  3, which the  Employee  acknowledges  he would not  otherwise  be
entitled to receive,  the Employee  agrees that on the Separation  Date, he will
sign the Release attached hereto as Attachment A.

            (c)   The   Company   hereby   fully,   forever,   irrevocably   and
unconditionally  releases,  remises and discharges  the Employee,  his heirs and
administrators,  or any of  them,  of

                                     - 7 -

<PAGE>


and from any and all claims, charges,  complaints,  demands,  actions, causes of
action,  suits,  rights,  debts,  sums of money,  costs,  accounts,  reckonings,
covenants,   contracts,   agreements,   promises,  doings,  omissions,  damages,
executions,  obligations,  liabilities,  and expenses (including attorneys' fees
and costs), of every kind and nature, which the Company ever had or now has, and
whether presently known or hereafter discovered, against the Employee, his heirs
and  administrators,  or any of them,  arising out of the Employee's  employment
with and/or  separation  from the  Company.  Nothing  herein  shall  release the
Company's  right to take  action  against  the  Employee  for a  breach  of this
Agreement or the Consulting  Agreement.  Such a breach will not, however, act to
invalidate this release as to all other claims.

      5.  NON-DISCLOSURE;   NON-COMPETITION,   NON-SOLICITATION,  ASSIGNMENT  OF
RIGHTS.  The Employee  acknowledges  his  obligation  to keep  confidential  all
non-public  information  concerning  the Company  which he  acquired  during the
course of his employment  with the Company.  The parties  acknowledge  and agree
that any non-competition or non-solicitation agreements previously signed by the
Employee in the Company's favor shall be superceded by this Agreement.  Employee
acknowledges and agrees:

            (a) that all information,  whether or not in writing,  of a private,
secret or  confidential  nature  concerning  the  Company's  business,  business
relationships or financial affairs (collectively,  "Proprietary Information") is
and shall be the exclusive property of the Company. By way of illustration,  but
not  limitation,  Proprietary  Information  may  include  inventions,  products,
processes, methods, techniques,  formulas,  compositions,  compounds,  projects,
developments,  plans,  research data, clinical data,  financial data,  personnel
data,  computer  programs,  customer  and  supplier  lists,  and  contacts at or
knowledge  of  customers or  prospective  customers of the Company.  Proprietary
Information shall not include any general

                                     - 8 -

<PAGE>


"know-how"  of  Employee  or  information  that the  Employee  knew prior to his
employment  with  the  Company  that  has not been  previously  assigned  to the
Company. The Employee will not disclose any Proprietary  Information at any time
without  written  approval  by an  executive  officer,  unless  and  until  such
Proprietary  Information  has  become  public  knowledge  without  fault  by the
Employee  or the  Employee is  compelled  to disclose  any such  information  by
process of law. If compelled to disclose,  however,  the Employee shall give the
Company a minimum of 5 business days notice of his intent to so disclose.

            (b) that all files,  letters,  memoranda,  reports,  records,  data,
sketches,  drawings,  laboratory notebooks,  program listings, or other written,
photographic,  or other tangible material  containing  Proprietary  Information,
whether  created by the  Employee  or others,  which have or shall come into his
custody or possession,  shall be and are the exclusive  property of the Company.
All such materials or copies thereof and all tangible property of the Company in
the custody or  possession  of the  Employee  shall be delivered to the Company,
upon  the  earlier  of (i) a  request  by the  Company  or (ii)  termination  of
Employee's  employment.  After such delivery,  the Employee shall not retain any
such materials or copies thereof or any such tangible property.

            (c) that his  obligation not to disclose or to use  information  and
materials  of the types  set  forth in  paragraphs  (a) and (b)  above,  and his
obligation to return materials and tangible property, set forth in paragraph (b)
above,  also  extends  to such  types of  information,  materials  and  tangible
property of  customers of the Company or suppliers to the Company or other third
parties who may have  disclosed or  entrusted  the same to the Company or to the
Employee.

            (d) to assign and does  hereby  assign to the Company (or any person
or entity

                                     - 9 -

<PAGE>


designated  by the  Company)  all his right,  title and  interest  in and to all
inventions,  improvements,  discoveries,  methods,  developments,  software, and
works of  authorship,  whether  patentable  or not,  which  are  created,  made,
conceived  or reduced to practice by him or under his  direction or jointly with
others  during his  employment  by the  Company,  whether  or not during  normal
working  hours or on the premises of the Company (all of which are  collectively
referred  to  herein  as  "Developments")   and  all  related  patents,   patent
applications, copyrights and copyright applications. However, this paragraph (d)
shall not apply to Developments  which do not relate to the business or research
and  development  conducted  or planned to be conducted by the Company and which
are made and conceived by the Employee not during normal working  hours,  not on
the Company's premises and not using the Company's tools, devices,  equipment or
Proprietary  Information.  This  paragraph  (d)  shall  also  not  apply  to the
Employee's  general know how to which no property rights could otherwise attach.
The Employee  understands  that, to the extent this Agreement shall be construed
in accordance  with the laws of any state which  precludes a  requirement  in an
employee  agreement to assign certain classes of inventions made by an employee,
this  paragraph (d) shall be interpreted  not to apply to any invention  which a
court rules and/or the Company  agrees falls within such  classes.  The Employee
also hereby waives all claims to moral rights in any Developments.

            (e) to cooperate  fully with the Company,  both during and after his
employment with the Company,  with respect to the  procurement,  maintenance and
enforcement of copyrights,  patents and other intellectual property rights (both
in the United  States and  foreign  countries)  relating  to  Developments.  The
Employee  shall  sign  all  papers,  including,  without  limitation,  copyright
applications,  patent  applications,  declarations,  oaths,  formal assignments,
assignments of priority  rights,  and powers of attorney,  which the Company may
deem  necessary

                                     - 10 -

<PAGE>


or  desirable in order to protect its rights and  interests in any  Development.
The  Employee  further  agrees that if the Company is unable,  after  reasonable
effort, to secure the signature of the Employee on any such papers,  the Company
may take any and all actions as the Company may deem  necessary  or desirable in
order to protect its rights and interests in any Development.

            (f) For a period of eighteen (18) months after the date hereof,  the
Employee will not directly or indirectly:

                 (i) Engage in any  business  or  enterprise  (whether as owner,
partner, officer, director, employee, consultant, investor, lender or otherwise,
except  as the  holder  of  not  more  than  1% of the  outstanding  stock  of a
publicly-held company) that develops, manufactures,  markets, licenses, sells or
provides  any  Product  or Service  that  competes  with any  Product or Service
developed, manufactured,  marketed, licensed, sold or provided, or planned to be
developed,  manufactured,  marketed,  licensed, sold or provided, by the Company
while the  Employee  was  employed  by the  Company.  For the  purposes  of this
subsection  5(f)(i),  the term "Product or Service" shall only apply to products
and services in the following business lines: (A) pharmaceuticals  indicated for
dental indications,  (B) branded mid-potency  corticosteroids,  (C) tetracycline
and tetracycline-based Rx products for acne/rosacea,  including, but not limited
to, ocular rosacea, (D) topical sulfacetamide/sulfur  products for acne/rosacea;
and (E) lipid based drug delivery skin barrier restoration products;

                 (ii)  Solicit,  divert or take away, or attempt to divert or to
take away, the business or patronage of any of the clients, customers, accounts,
or business  partners of the Company  with which the Company was engaged  during
the term of the Employee's employment with the Company; or

                 (iii) Either alone or in  association  with others  solicit for
employment,

                                     - 11 -

<PAGE>


hire or engage as an  independent  contractor,  or assist  any  organization  to
solicit for employment,  hire or engage as an independent contractor, any person
who was employed or engaged as an  independent  contractor by the Company at any
time during the term of the Employee's  employment  with the Company;  provided,
that this clause shall not apply to the  solicitation,  hiring or  engagement of
any  individual  whose  employment  or  engagement  with  the  Company  has been
terminated  for a period  of  twelve  (12)  months or  longer.  Nothing  in this
Agreement  shall prevent the Employee from retaining or otherwise  utilizing the
services of contract  research  organizations  or industry  consultants who were
utilized by the Company  during the Employee's  employment,  so long as such use
does not violate  section  (f)(i) above and does not adversely  interfere in the
Company's business.

            (g) If any  restriction  set forth in this Section 5 is found by any
court of competent  jurisdiction to be unenforceable  because it extends for too
long a period of time or over too great a range of  activities or in too broad a
geographic  area, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period
of  time,  range  of  activities  or  geographic  area  as to  which  it  may be
enforceable.

      6. RETURN OF COMPANY  PROPERTY.  The Employee agrees and acknowledges that
he  shall  return,  no later  than the  Separation  Date  all  Company  property
including,  but not limited  to,  keys,  files,  records  (and copies  thereof),
computer hardware and software,  cellular phones,  pagers,  and Company vehicle,
which is in his  possession  or control.  The Employee  further  agrees to leave
intact all electronic Company  documents,  including those which he developed or
helped to develop during his employment.

      7.  INDEMNIFICATION.  The Company  hereby agrees that after the Separation
Date,  it shall provide the Employee  with  indemnification  against any and all
claims, charges, complaints,

                                     - 12 -

<PAGE>


demands,  actions, causes of action, suits, rights, debts, sums of money, costs,
accountings,  reckonings,  covenants, contracts,  agreements,  promises, doings,
omissions,  damages, executions,  obligations,  liabilities and expenses, at the
same level as is received by actively employed Executive Officers of the Company
at the time Employee makes such claims of indemnification to the Company.

      8.  NON-DISPARAGEMENT.  The  Employee  understands  and  agrees  that as a
condition for payment to him of the consideration  described herein, he will not
make any  false,  disparaging  or  derogatory  statements  to any media  outlet,
industry group, financial institution or current or former employee, consultant,
client or customer of the Company regarding the Company or any of its directors,
officers,  employees,  agents or representatives or about the Company's business
affairs and financial  condition.  The Company agrees that its current executive
officers  and  directors  will not make any  false,  disparaging  or  derogatory
statements  about the Employee to any media outlet,  industry  group,  financial
institution or current or former employee, consultant, client or customer of the
Company.

      9. CONFIDENTIALITY. To the extent permitted by law, the parties agree that
the contents of the  negotiations  and discussions  resulting in this Agreement,
shall be maintained as confidential by the parties and their  respective  agents
and representatives, and shall not be disclosed except to the extent required by
federal or state law or as  otherwise  agreed to in writing by the  Company.  As
this  Agreement  will be filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,
nothing  herein  will be  deemed a  prohibition  on any  parties'  sharing  this
document with others after it has been so filed.

      10. NATURE OF AGREEMENT.  The parties understand and agree that nothing in
this Agreement  shall  constitute an admission of liability or wrongdoing on the
part of either of the

                                     - 13 -

<PAGE>


parties.

      11.  AMENDMENT.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon the parties and may
not be  abandoned,  supplemented,  changed or modified in any manner,  orally or
otherwise,  except by an instrument in writing of concurrent or subsequent  date
signed by a duly authorized representative of the parties hereto.

      12.  WAIVER OF RIGHTS.  No delay or omission by the Company in  exercising
any rights under this  Agreement  shall operate as a waiver of that or any other
right.  A waiver or consent  given by the Company on any one  occasion  shall be
effective only in that instance and shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of
any right on any other occasion.

      13.  VALIDITY.  Should any  provision of this  Agreement be declared or be
determined by any court of competent  jurisdiction to be illegal or invalid, the
validity of the remaining  parts,  terms,  or  provisions  shall not be affected
thereby and said illegal or invalid part,  term or provision shall be deemed not
to be a part of this Agreement.

      14.  APPLICABLE  LAW. This Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to conflict of laws provisions. The
parties  hereby  irrevocably  submit to the  jurisdiction  of the  courts of the
Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania,  or if  appropriate,  a federal court located in
Pennsylvania (which courts, for purposes of this Agreement,  are the only courts
of competent  jurisdiction),  over any suit, action or other proceeding  arising
out of, under, or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter.

      15.  ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.  The  Employee  acknowledges  that he has been given
twenty-one  (21) days to consider this  Agreement,  including  Attachment A, and
that the  Company

                                     - 14 -

<PAGE>


advised him to consult  with an attorney  of his own  choosing  prior to signing
this Agreement and Attachment A. The Employee further acknowledges he may revoke
this  Agreement  for a period of seven  (7) days  after  the  execution  of this
Agreement,  and the Agreement  shall not be effective or  enforceable  until the
expiration of this seven (7) day revocation  period.  In addition,  the Employee
further  acknowledges  that he may revoke Attachment A for a period of seven (7)
days after he  executes  it, and that  Attachment  A shall not be  effective  or
enforceable until the expiration of this seven (7) days revocation period.

      16.  VOLUNTARY  ASSENT.  The Employee  affirms  that no other  promises or
agreements  of any kind have  been  made to or with him by any  person or entity
whatsoever to cause him to sign this  Agreement,  and that he fully  understands
the meaning and intent of this  Agreement.  The Employee  states and  represents
that he has had an  opportunity  to fully  discuss  and review the terms of this
Agreement with an attorney.  The Employee  further states and represents that he
has carefully read this Agreement,  understands the contents herein,  freely and
voluntarily  assents to all of the terms and  conditions  hereof,  and signs his
name of his own free act.

      17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement  contains and constitutes the entire
understanding  and  agreement  between  the parties  hereto with  respect to the
subject matter hereof and supercedes all previous oral and written negotiations,
agreements,  commitments, and writings in connection therewith. Without limiting
the  foregoing,  this  Agreement  supercedes  in  its  entirety  the  CollaGenex
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Change of Control Agreement signed by the Employee.

      18. SUCCESSORS.

            (a)  Company's  Successors.  Any  successor to the Company  (whether
direct or  indirect  and  whether by  purchase,  lease,  merger,  consolidation,
liquidation or otherwise) to all or

                                     - 15 -

<PAGE>


substantially  all of the  Company's  business  and/or  assets  shall assume the
Company's  obligations  under this  Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent as the  Company.  In  addition  all  rights  of the  Company  under  this
agreement  shall  inure  to the  benefit  of and  be  enforceable  by any of its
successors, agents, employees, and assigns.

            (b) Employee's Successors.  Without the written consent of the Board
of  Directors of the Company,  the  Employee  shall not assign or transfer  this
Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement to any other person or
entity.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the terms of this  Agreement  and all
rights  of the  Employee  hereunder  shall  inure  to  the  benefit  of,  and be
enforceable by, the Employee's executors,  administrators,  heirs,  distributes,
devisees and legatees.

      19.  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement  may be executed in two (2)  signature
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which taken
together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  all parties have set their hand and seal to this Agreement
as of the date written above.


By:  CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


      /s/ James O'Shea                          Date:  March 18, 2003
     ----------------------------------              ------------------
      James O'Shea
      Member of the Board of Directors



      /s/ Brian Gallagher                       Date:  March 18, 2003
     ----------------------------------              ------------------
      Brian Gallagher



                                     - 16 -

<PAGE>

                                  ATTACHMENT A

                                     RELEASE

In consideration of the payment of the consideration described in paragraph 3 of
the  Transition  Agreement  and Release to which this  Attachment A is attached,
which the Employee  acknowledges  he would not otherwise be entitled to receive,
the Employee hereby fully,  forever,  irrevocably and unconditionally  releases,
remises and  discharges  the Company,  its  officers,  directors,  stockholders,
corporate  affiliates,  subsidiaries,  parent companies,  agents,  employees and
attorneys (each in their individual and corporate capacities) (hereinafter,  the
"Released  Parties")  from any and all  claims,  charges,  complaints,  demands,
actions, causes of action, suits, rights, debts, sums of money, costs, accounts,
reckonings,  covenants,  contracts,  agreements,  promises,  doings,  omissions,
damages,   executions,   obligations,   liabilities,   and  expenses  (including
attorneys'  fees and costs),  of every kind and nature  which he ever had or now
has against the  Released  Parties  arising  out of his  employment  with and/or
separation  from the  Company,  including,  but not limited  to: all  employment
discrimination claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.
ss.2000e et seq., the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. ss. 621 et
seq., the Americans With  Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C.  ss.12101 et seq.,
the Pennsylvania Human Relations,  all as amended; all claims arising out of the
Family and  Medical  Leave Act,  29 U.S.C.  ss.  2601 et seq.,  the Fair  Credit
Reporting  Act, 15 U.S.C.  ss.1681 et seq., and the Employee  Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"),  29 U.S.C.  ss.1001 et seq., all as amended; all
other statutory claims,  including but not limited to, any state  discrimination
or employment  law, and any state  whistleblower  protection law; all common law
claims including,  but not limited to, actions in tort, defamation and breach of
contract;  all  claims to any  non-vested  ownership  interest  in the  Company,
contractual or otherwise,  including but not limited to claims to stock or stock
options;  and any claim or damage arising out of the Employee's  employment with
and/or separation from the Company (including a claim for retaliation) under any
common law  theory or any  federal,  state or local  statute  or  ordinance  not
expressly referenced above;  provided,  however,  that nothing in this Agreement
prevents the Employee from filing,  cooperating  with, or  participating  in any
proceeding  before the Equal Employment  Opportunity  Commission or a state fair
employment  practices agency (except that the Employee  acknowledges that he may
not be able to recover any monetary  benefits in connection with any such claim,
charge or  proceeding).  Nothing herein shall release the  Employee's  rights to
take action  against the Company for a breach of the  Transition  Agreement  and
Release or the Consulting  Agreement.  Such a breach will not,  however,  act to
invalidate this Release as to all other claims.

The  Employee  acknowledges  that he has  been  given  twenty-one  (21)  days to
consider  the  Transition  Agreement  and Release and  Attachment A and that the
Company  advised him to consult  with an attorney of his own  choosing  prior to
signing  said  Agreement  and this  Attachment  A. The  Employee may revoke this
Attachment A for a period of seven (7) days after the  execution of it, and this
Attachment A shall not be effective or enforceable  until the expiration of this
seven (7) day revocation period.

                                     - 17 -

<PAGE>


I hereby  provide this release of claims as of the current date and  acknowledge
that  the  execution  of  this  Release  is  in  further  consideration  of  the
compensation  and  benefits  provided  and  which  I  have  received  under  the
Transition Agreement and Release, to which I acknowledge I would not be entitled
if I did not sign this Release.


                                                Date:
     ----------------------------------              ------------------
     Brian Gallagher


                                     - 18 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
