<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK ACQ AGREE
<TEXT>


STOCK ACQUISITION AGREEMENT


                                     BETWEEN


                              CYBEREXCELLENCE, INC.

                                       AND

                       MONTY LEBLANC, F. BRITON MCCONKIE,
                      STEPHEN R. FEY, AND PETER KRISTENSEN

                                       AND

                               FUNNEL CLOUD, INC.








<PAGE>




                           STOCK ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

THIS ACQUISITION AGREEMENT (hereinafter "Agreement") dated February 5, 2003, by,
between and among Cyberexcellence,  inc., a Nevada Corporation ("Cyber"); Funnel
Cloud,  Inc.,  a Nevada  Corporation  ("Funnel);  and Monty  LeBlanc,  F. Briton
McConkie, Stephen R. Fey, and Peter Kristensen, ("Shareholders").

         WHEREAS, Cyber desires to acquire through the issue of its common stock
one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Funnel; and

         WHEREAS,  Shareholders  desire  to sell to Cyber  one  hundred  percent
(100%)  of the  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  Funnel  on the  terms  and
conditions set forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants,  agreements,
representations,  and warranties herein  contained,  the parties hereby agree as
follows:

I.       Purchase and Sale. Shareholders hereby agree to sell, transfer, assign,
         and convey to Cyber,  and Cyber  hereby  agrees to purchase and acquire
         from  Shareholders,  one  hundred  percent  (100%)  of the  issued  and
         outstanding shares of Funnel,  (hereinafter  referred to as the "Funnel
         Shares"). Cyber hereby agrees to sell, transfer,  assign, and convey to
         Shareholders,  and  Shareholders  hereby  agree to purchase and acquire
         from Cyber,  eleven  million  five hundred  seventy one thousand  three
         hundred  forty  (85%) of the issued and  outstanding  common  shares of
         Cyber (hereinafter referred to as the "Cyber Shares").

II       Purchase Price of the Funnel and Cyber Shares.  The aggregate  purchase
         price  to be  paid  to  Cyber  by  Shareholders  for  the  delivery  to
         Shareholders  of eleven million five hundred seventy one thousand three
         hundred forty (85%) of the issued and outstanding  shares of the common
         stock of Cyber  shall be one hundred  percent  (100%) of the issued and
         outstanding shares of Funnel.

III      Warranties and Representations of Funnel and Shareholders.  In order to
         induce  Cyber,  to  enter  into  the  Agreement  and  to  complete  the
         transaction  contemplated hereby, Funnel and Shareholders  individually
         and jointly warrant and represent to Cyber that:

         A    Organization  and Standing.  Funnel,  Inc. is a  corporation  duly
              organized,  validly existing,  and in good standing under the laws
              of the State of

                                   Page 1 of 9

<PAGE>



              Nevada,  is qualified to do business as a foreign  corporation  in
              every  other  state or  jurisdiction  in which it  operates to the
              extent required by the laws of such states and jurisdictions,  and
              has full  power  and  authority  to carry on its  business  as now
              conducted  and to own and  operate  its  assets,  properties,  and
              business  No changes to  Funnel's  Certificate  of  Incorporation,
              amendments  thereto  and By laws of Funnel will be made before the
              Closing.

         B    Shareholder  Approval.  Funnel  shall  have  received  any and all
              necessary  and  required  approval  of its  shareholders  for  the
              transaction  set forth herein as required by statute or regulation
              by any state or other  jurisdiction  that has  authority  over the
              affairs of Funnel.  All votes of shareholders are hereby certified
              to  be  in  compliance  with  those  statutes  and   requirements,
              including  any  requirement  regarding the number of votes and the
              percentage of approval required in such a shareholder vote.

         C    Taxes.  Funnel has filed all federal,  state,  and local income or
              other tax returns and reports that it is required to file with all
              governmental  agencies,  wherever situate, and has paid or accrued
              for  payment  all  taxes  as shown on such  returns,  such  that a
              failure to file,  pay, or accrue will not have a material  adverse
              effect on Funnel.

         D    Pending  Actions.  There are no material legal actions,  lawsuits,
              proceedings or investigations,  either administrative or judicial,
              pending  or to the  knowledge  of Funnel  threatened,  against  or
              affecting Funnel,  except as disclosed in writing to Cyber. Funnel
              is not in violation of any law, material ordinance,  or regulation
              of any kind whatever,  including,  but not limited to laws,  rules
              and regulations governing the sale of its products, the Securities
              Act of 1933 (the '33 Act), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
              amended  (the "34  Act") the  Rules  and  Regulations  of the U.S.
              Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), or the Securities Laws
              and Regulations of any state.

         E    Governmental Regulation. Funnel holds no licenses or registrations
              from any federal,  state or  jurisdiction.  Which are necessary to
              permit  the  Corporation  to  conduct  its  current  business.  No
              approval  of any trade or  professional  association  or agency of
              government  is required  for any of the  transactions  effected by
              this Agreement.

                                    Page 2 of 9

<PAGE>




         F    Ownership of Assets.  Shareholders have a good,  marketable title,
              without any liens or encumbrances of any nature  whatever,  to the
              Funnel Shares to be transferred to Cyber.

         G    Corporate Records.  All of Funnel's books and records,  including,
              without  limitation,  its  books of  account,  corporate  records,
              minute book, stock  certificate  books and other records of Funnel
              are  up-to-date,  complete and reflect  accurately  and fairly the
              conduct of its business in all material respects since its date of
              incorporation.

         H    No Misleading  Statements or Omissions.  Neither the Agreement nor
              any financial  statement,  exhibit,  schedule or document attached
              hereto or presented to Cyber, in connection herewith, contains any
              materially  misleading  statement,  or omits any fact or statement
              necessary to make the other  statements or facts therein set forth
              not materially misleading.

         I    Validity of the  Agreement.  All corporate  and other  proceedings
              required to be taken by Funnel in order to enter into and to carry
              out the Agreement have been duly and properly  taken. No corporate
              or other  action on the part of Funnel is required  in  connection
              with this Agreement,  or the transaction  contemplated herein. The
              Agreement  has been duly  executed  by an officer  of Funnel,  and
              constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Funnel,  except to
              the  extent  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,
              insolvency,  moratorium,  or other laws  relating to or  affecting
              generally the enforcement of creditors  rights.  The execution and
              delivery of the  Agreement,  and the carrying out of its purposes,
              will not  result in the  breach of any of the terms or  conditions
              of, or constitute a default under or violate Funnel's  Certificate
              of Incorporation or document of undertaking,  oral or written,  to
              which Funnel is a party or is bound or may be  affected,  nor will
              such execution, delivery and carrying out violate any order, writ,
              injunction,  decree,  law,  rule,  or  regulation  of  any  court,
              regulatory agency or other governmental body; and the business now
              conducted  by  Funnel  can  continue  to  be  so  conducted  after
              completion of the transaction contemplated hereby.

         J    Enforceability of the Agreement. When duly executed and delivered,
              the  Agreement  and the  Exhibits  hereto  which are  incorporated
              herein, and made

                                   Page 3 of 9

<PAGE>



              a part hereof,  are legal,  valid,  and  enforceable  by Cyber and
              Funnel  according to their terms,  except to the extent limited by
              applicable bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency, moratorium or
              other laws relating to or affecting  generally the  enforcement of
              creditors  rights  and  that at the  time of  such  execution  and
              delivery,  Cyber  will have  acquired  title in and to the  Funnel
              Shares free and clear of all claims, liens, and encumbrances.

         K    Access to Books and Records.  Cyber has been granted full and free
              access  to  the  books  of  Funnel   during  the  course  of  this
              transaction prior to Closing.

         L    Funnel's Financial  Statements.  Funnel's Balance Sheet and Profit
              and Loss statement for the year,  attached  hereto as Exhibit "A",
              accurately  describe Funnel's  financial  position as of the dates
              thereof,  in  accordance  with  applicable  legal  and  accounting
              requirements.

         M    Duties  Subsequent  to Closing.  Subsequent to the closing of this
              Agreement, Shareholders or Funnel shall :

                   1.   Complete  and pay  for all  necessary  audits  to  allow
                        filing  of  financial  statements  required  by Form 8-K
                        within  sixty (60) days of the date of the  acquisition,
                        to allow for the  required  amendment of Form 8-K within
                        60 days  of its  original  filing  to  include  required
                        financial   statements.   The  cost  of  acquiring  said
                        financial statements shall be the sole responsibility of
                        Cyber, Funnel or Shareholders; and

                   2.   Within sixty days Funnel shall provide audited financial
                        statements  complying  with  the  requirements  of  GAAP
                        (U.S.) for filing with the Cyber Form 8-K.

IV       Warranties   and   Representations   of  Cyber.   In  order  to  induce
         Shareholders   to  enter  into  the   Agreement  and  to  complete  the
         transaction  contemplated  hereby,  Cyber  warrants and  represents  to
         Shareholders that:

         A    Organization and Standing.  Cyber is a corporation duly organized,
              validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the state
              of Nevada, is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in
              every other state in

                                   Page 4 of 9

<PAGE>



              which  it  operates  to the  extent  required  by the laws of such
              states,  and has full power and authority to carry on its business
              as now  conducted  and to own and operate its assets,  properties,
              and business.

         B    No  Pending  Actions.  There  are  no  legal  actions,   lawsuits,
              proceedings or investigations,  either administrative or judicial,
              pending or threatened,  against or affecting Cyber, or against any
              of  Cyber's  officers  or  directors  and  arising  out  of  their
              operation of Cyber,  except as set forth in its audited  financial
              statements as attached hereto.  Cyber has been in compliance with,
              and has not received notice of violation of any law, ordinance, or
              regulation of any kind  whatever,  including,  but not limited to,
              the '33 Act, the '34 Act, the Rules and  Regulations of the SEC or
              the Securities Laws and Regulations of any state.

         C    Corporate  Records.  All of Cyber's  books and records,  including
              without limitation, its book of account, corporate records, minute
              book,  stock  certificate  books and other records are up-to-date,
              complete,  and  reflect  accurately  and fairly the conduct of its
              business in all respects since its date of incorporation.

         D    No Misleading  Statements or Omissions.  Neither the Agreement nor
              any financial statement,  exhibit,  schedule, or document attached
              hereto  or  presented  to  Shareholders  in  connection   herewith
              contains any materially misleading statement, or omits any fact or
              statement  necessary to make the other statements of facts therein
              set forth not materially misleading.

         E    Validity of the Agreement.  All corporate  action and  proceedings
              required  to be taken by Cyber in order to enter into and to carry
              out the Agreement have been duly and properly taken. The Agreement
              has been duly  executed  by  Cyber,  and  constitutes  a valid and
              binding  obligation  of Cyber.  The  execution and delivery of the
              Agreement  and the carrying out of its purposes will not result in
              the breach of any of the terms or  conditions  of, or constitute a
              default under or violate,  Cyber's Certificate of Incorporation or
              By-Laws,  or any  agreement,  lease,  mortgage,  bond,  indenture,
              license or other  document or  undertaking,  oral or  written,  to
              which  Cyber is a party or is bound or may be  affected,  nor will
              such execution, delivery and carrying out violate any order, writ,
              injunction,   decree,   law,  rule  or  regulation  of  any  court
              regulatory agency or other governmental body.

                                    Page 5 of 9

<PAGE>




         F    Enforceability of the Agreement. When duly executed and delivered,
              the  Agreement  and the  Exhibits  hereto  which are  incorporated
              herein and made a part hereof are legal, valid, and enforceable by
              Shareholders  according  to their  terms,  and that at the time of
              such execution and delivery, Shareholders will have acquired good,
              marketable  title in and to the  Cyber  Shares  acquired  pursuant
              hereto, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances.

         G    Outstanding  Shares  of  Cyber.  At  closing,   Cyber  shall  have
              2,042,000 issued and outstanding  common shares, par value $0.001,
              par value $0.001.

V        Opinion of Counsel.  Cyber will provide to  Shareholders  an opinion of
         counsel in a form  similar to that set forth in Exhibit "B" relating to
         the current  corporate  status of Cyber , its ability to legally  enter
         this agreement and the absence of undisclosed claims.

VI       Term. All  representations,  warranties,  covenants and agreements made
         herein and in the exhibits  attached hereto shall survive the execution
         and delivery of the Agreement and payment pursuant thereto.

VII      The Common  Shares.  All of the Cyber  Common  Shares  shall be validly
         issued,  fully-paid  and  non-assessable  shares of Cyber Common Stock,
         with full voting rights,  dividend rights, and the right to receive the
         proceeds of  liquidation,  if any, as set forth in Cyber's  Articles of
         Incorporation.

VIII     Conditions Precedent to Closing.

         The  obligations of  Shareholders  under the Agreement shall be and are
         subject  to  fulfillment,  prior  to or at the  Closing  of each of the
         following conditions:

                   o   That  Cyber  and  its  management's  representations  and
                       warranties  contained herein shall be true and correct at
                       the time of closing date as if such  representations  and
                       warranties were made at such time;

                   o   That Cyber and its  management  shall have  performed  or
                       complied  with  all  agreements,   terms  and  conditions
                       required by the  Agreement  to be  performed  or complied
                       with by them prior to or at the time of Closing;

                                   Page 6 of 9

<PAGE>





IX       The  obligations of Cyber under the Agreement  shall be and are subject
         to fulfillment,  prior to Closing, at the Closing, or subsequent to the
         Closing of each of the following conditions:

         A    That  Shareholders's   representations  and  warranties  contained
              herein shall be true and correct at the time of Closing as if such
              representations and warranties were made at such time; and

         B    That  Shareholders  shall  have  performed  or  complied  with all
              agreements,  terms and conditions  required by the Agreement to be
              performed  or  complied  with  by it  prior  to or at the  time of
              Closing.

         C    That  Shareholders  and Cyber jointly and severally  indemnify and
              hold  harmless   Cyber  and  its  present  and  former   officers,
              directors,   agents   and   affiliates   against   any  claims  or
              liabilities,   including  reasonable  attorney's  fees  and  other
              reasonable  defense  costs  incurred in  defending  such claims or
              liabilities,  resulting  from any claims or  liabilities  asserted
              against them as to any material  misrepresentation or omissions in
              the Agreement made by any party hereto.

         D    That  Funnels's  compliance  with state  statutory and  regulatory
              requirements are legally sufficient to authorize and carry out the
              terms of this Agreement.

X        Termination.  The Agreement may be terminated at any time before or; at
         Closing, by:

         o    The mutual agreement of the parties;

         o    Any party if:

                   1   Any  provision  of the  Agreement  applicable  to a party
                       shall be materially untrue or fail to be accomplished.


                   2   Any legal  proceeding shall have been instituted or shall
                       be imminently  threatening to delay,  restrain or prevent
                       the consummation of the Agreement.


                                   Page 7 of 9

<PAGE>



         Upon  termination of the Agreement for any reason,  in accordance  with
         the terms and conditions set forth in this  paragraph,  each said party
         shall bear all costs and  expenses  as each party has  incurred  and no
         party shall be liable to the other.

XI       Exhibits.  All Exhibits attached hereto are incorporated herein by this
         reference as if they were set forth in their entirety.

XII      Miscellaneous  Provisions.  This  Agreement  is  the  entire  agreement
         between the parties in respect of the subject matter hereof,  and there
         are no other  agreements,  written or oral,  nor may the  Agreement  be
         modified  except in writing and executed by all of the parties  hereto.
         The  failure to insist upon  strict  compliance  with any of the terms,
         covenants or conditions  of the Agreement  shall not be deemed a waiver
         or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.

XIII     Closing. The closing of the transactions  contemplated by the Agreement
         shall take place on or before  5:00 P.M.  on February  ___,  2003.  The
         Closing shall occur at the offices of Edward T. Wells, Attorney at Law,
         located at 5282 South Commerce Drive,  Murray, Utah 84107 or such other
         date and place as the parties  hereto shall agree upon. At the Closing,
         all of the documents and items referred to herein shall be exchanged.

XIV      Governing  Law.  The  Agreement  has been  entered into in and shall be
         governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of
         Utah.

XV       Enforcement of Agreement and Venue.  The parties agree that any suit to
         enforce the provisions of this Agreement  shall be brought in the Third
         Judicial  District  Court of Salt Lake County,  State of Utah,  and the
         parties  consent to personal  jurisdiction in said court and agree that
         venue for any suit to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall be
         in Salt Lake County, State of Utah.

XVI      Counterparts.  The  Agreement  may be executed in  duplicate  facsimile
         counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original  and  together
         shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  binding  Agreement,   with  one
         counterpart being delivered to each party hereto.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have set their hands and seals
as of the date and year above first written.


                                    Page 8 of 9

<PAGE>



Cyberexcellence, Inc.                          Funnel Cloud, Inc.


By: /s/ F. Briton McConkie                  By: /s/ Monty LeBlanc
    -------------------------------------    ----------------------------------
        F. Briton McConkie, its President           Monty LeBlanc, its President



                                                   SHAREHOLDERS

 /s/ Monty LeBlanc                             /s/ F. Briton McConkie
-------------------------------------         ----------------------------------
     Monty LeBlanc                                 F. Briton McConkie



 /s/ Stephen R. Fey                            /s/ Peter Kristensen
--------------------------------------        ----------------------------------
     Stephen R. Fey                                Peter Kristensen






                                   Page 9 of 9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
