<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.41
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex1041.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTARTATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.41

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of January 31,
2003, by and among Antares Pharma, Inc., a Minnesota corporation, with its
headquarters located at 707 Eagleview Boulevard, Suite 414, Exton, Pennsylvania
19341 (the "Company"), and each of the undersigned (the "Purchasers").

     WHEREAS:

     A. Pursuant to two separate Debenture and Warrant Purchase Agreements,
dated of even date herewith, by and among the Company and the Purchasers, the
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained
therein, to issue and sell to the Purchasers the Company's 8% Senior Secured
Convertible Debentures (the "Debentures") that are convertible into shares of
the Company's common stock (the "Common Stock"), along with warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2,932,500 shares of Common Stock (the "Warrants") upon the terms
and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth therein; and

     B. To induce the Purchasers to purchase the Debentures and the Warrants,
the Company has agreed to provide, with respect to those Debentures to which the
Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 12, 2002, does not apply (the
"Applicable Debentures") and the Warrants, certain registration rights under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or
any similar successor statute (collectively, the "1933 Act"), and applicable
state securities laws.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the
Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

     1. DEFINITIONS.

        a. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

           (i)   "Investors" means the Purchasers and any transferee or assignee
who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 9 hereof.

           (ii)  "register," "registered," and "registration" refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or
Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the
1933 Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous
basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such
Registration Statement by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC").

           (iii) "Registrable Securities" means the following shares of Common
Stock issued or issuable (i) upon conversion or otherwise pursuant to the
Applicable Debentures, (ii) upon exercise or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants,
and (iii) in respect of

<PAGE>

interest on the Applicable Debentures in accordance with the terms thereof, and
any shares of capital stock issued or issuable as a dividend on or in exchange
for or otherwise with respect to any of the foregoing:

       Xmark Fund, L.P.            569,325     Warrant Shares
                                   334,035     Debenture Shares
       Xmark Fund, Ltd.          1,680,675     Warrant Shares
                                   940,164     Debenture Shares
       SDS Merchant Fund, LP       682,500     Warrant Shares
                                    42,873     Debenture Shares

The above numbers of Warrant Shares and Debenture Shares shall be adjusted
accordingly in the event of any adjustments in the number of Warrant Shares or
Debenture Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrants and the Applicable
Debentures and such adjusted number of shares shall be included in the term
"Registrable Securities."

              (iv) "Registration Statement" means a registration statement of
the Company under the 1933 Act.

           b. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Debentures and the Warrants.

       2.  REGISTRATION.

           a. Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare, and, on or
prior to thirty (30) days from the date hereof (the "Filing Date"), file with
the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (or, if Form S-3 is not then
available to the Company, on such form or registration statement as is then
available to effect a registration for resale of the Registrable Securities
covering the resale of the Registrable Securities, which Registration Statement,
to the extent allowable under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (including Rule 416), shall state that such Registration
Statement also covers such indeterminate number of additional shares of Common
Stock as may become issuable upon conversion or exercise of, or otherwise
pursuant to, the Applicable Debentures and the Applicable Warrants in accordance
with the anti-dilution provisions thereof (including with respect to stock
splits, stock dividends or similar transactions). The number of shares of Common
Stock initially included in such Registration Statement shall be based on the
Conversion Price and Warrant Exercise Price as would then be in effect without
regard to any limitation on the Investor's ability to convert the Applicable
Debentures or exercise the Applicable Warrants. The Company shall use its best
efforts to obtain effectiveness of the Registration Statement within ninety (90)
days from the date hereof, and if not effective within such ninety (90) day
period, as soon as practicable thereafter.

           b. Underwritten Offering. If any offering pursuant to a Registration
Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof involves an underwritten offering, the
Investors who hold a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities subject
to such underwritten offering, shall have the right to select one legal counsel
and an investment banker or bankers and manager

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

or managers to administer the offering, which investment banker or bankers or
manager or managers shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

              c. Payments by the Company. If the Registration Statement(s)
covering the Registrable Securities required to be filed by the Company pursuant
to Section 2(a) hereof is not filed by the Filing Date then the Company will
make payments to the Investors, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in
an amount equal to 1.5% of the aggregate amount of the Applicable Debentures and
Warrants for any month or pro rata for any portion thereof following the Filing
Date until such time as such Registration Statement has been filed. If, after
the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, sales of all
of the Registrable Securities cannot be made pursuant to the Registration
Statement, the Company will make payments to the Investors in an amount equal to
2% of the aggregate amount of the Applicable Debentures and Warrants times the
number of months (prorated for partial months) that sales of all of the
Registrable Securities cannot be made pursuant to the Registration Statement
after the Registration Statement has been declared effective, but excluding any
days during an Allowed Delay (as defined in Section 3(f) hereof). The amounts
payable pursuant to this Section 2(c) shall be payable in lawful money of the
United States, and shall be paid monthly within two (2) Business Days of the
last day of each month during which the Registration Statement should have been
filed for which no Registration Statement was filed with respect to the
Registrable Securities or during which sales of the Registrable Securities could
not be made despite an effective Registration Statement.

              d. Piggy-Back Registrations. Subject to the last sentence of this
Section 2(d), if at any time prior to the expiration of the Registration Period
(as hereinafter defined) the Company shall determine to file with the SEC a
Registration Statement relating to an offering for its own account or the
account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than
on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or their then equivalents relating to equity securities
to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business
or equity securities issuable in connection with stock option or other employee
benefit plans), the Company shall send to each Investor written notice of such
determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the effective date of such
notice, such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in
such Registration Statement all or any part of the Registrable Securities such
Investor requests to be registered, except that if, in connection with any
underwritten public offering for the account of the Company the managing
underwriter(s) thereof shall impose a limitation on the number of shares of
Common Stock which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in
such underwriter(s)' judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company
shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited
portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has
requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Investors seeking to
include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Investors; provided, however, that the
Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has
first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled
to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are not
entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities; and provided,
further, however, that, after giving effect to the immediately preceding
proviso, any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata with
holders of other securities

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

having the right to include such securities in the Registration Statement other
than holders of securities entitled to inclusion of their securities in such
Registration Statement by reason of demand registration rights. No right to
registration of Registrable Securities under this Section 2(d) shall be
construed to limit any registration required under Section 2(a) hereof. If an
offering in connection with which an Investor is entitled to registration under
this Section 2(d) is an underwritten offering, then each Investor whose
Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement shall, unless
otherwise agreed by the Company, offer and sell such Registrable Securities in
an underwritten offering using the same underwriter or underwriters and, subject
to the provisions of this Agreement, on the same terms and conditions as other
shares of Common Stock included in such underwritten offering. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, the registration rights of the
Investors pursuant to this Section 2(d) shall only be available in the event the
Company fails to timely file, obtain effectiveness or maintain effectiveness of
any Registration Statement to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a) in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement or in the event of an underwritten public
offering by the Company.

           3. OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.

     In connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities, the
Company shall have the following obligations:

              a. The Company shall prepare promptly, and file with the SEC not
later than the Filing Date, a Registration Statement covering the resale of
Registrable Securities in accordance with Section 2(a), and thereafter use its
best efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to Registrable
Securities to become effective as soon as possible after such filing, and keep
the Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until
such date as is the earlier of (i) the date on which all of the Registrable
Securities have been sold and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities
(in the opinion of counsel to the Investors) may be immediately sold to the
public without registration or restriction (including without limitation as to
volume by each holder thereof) under the 1933 Act (the "Registration Period"),
which Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto
and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

              b. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration
Statements and the prospectus used in connection with the Registration
Statements as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statements effective at
all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all
Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statements
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities have been disposed of in
accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers
thereof as set forth in the Registration Statements. In the event the number of
shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement
is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Applicable Debentures or exercise of the Applicable
Warrants, whether due to a change in the Conversion Price or Warrant Price or
otherwise, the Company

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

shall file a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor,
if applicable, or, if not applicable, on any other form), so as to cover all of
the Registrable Securities, as soon as practicable, but in any event within
thirty (30) days after the necessity therefor arises. The failure of the Company
to file such new Registration Statement within such 30-day period shall be
deemed an Event of Default under the Applicable Debentures. The Company shall
use its best efforts to cause such new Registration Statement to become
effective as soon as possible following the filing thereof.

              c. The Company shall furnish to each Investor whose Registrable
Securities are included in a Registration Statement and its legal counsel (i)
promptly (but in no event more than two (2) business days) after the same is
prepared and publicly distributed, filed with the SEC, or received by the
Company, three (3) copies of each Registration Statement and any amendment
thereto, each preliminary prospectus and prospectus and each amendment or
supplement thereto, and, in the case of the Registration Statement referred to
in Section 2(a), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC
or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the
staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other
than any portion of any thereof which contains information for which the Company
has sought confidential treatment), and (ii) promptly (but in no event more than
two (2) business days) after the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the SEC, such number of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary
prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto and such other documents
as such Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition
of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor. The Company will
immediately notify each Investor by facsimile of the effectiveness of each
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment. The Company will
promptly (but in no event more than ten (10) business days) respond to any and
all comments received from the SEC (which comments shall promptly be made
available to the Investors upon request), with a view towards causing each
Registration Statement or any amendment thereto to be declared effective by the
SEC as soon as practicable, shall promptly file an acceleration request as soon
as practicable (but in no event more than two (2) business days) following the
resolution or clearance of all SEC comments or, if applicable, following
notification by the SEC that any such Registration Statement or any amendment
thereto will not be subject to review and shall promptly file with the SEC a
final prospectus as soon as practicable (but in no event more than two (2)
business days) following receipt by the Company from the SEC of an order
declaring the Registration Statement effective. In the event of a breach by the
Company of the provisions of this Section 3(c), the Company will be required to
make payments pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof.

              d. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i)
register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statements under such other securities or "blue sky" laws of such jurisdictions
in the United States as the Investors who hold a majority in interest of the
Registrable Securities being offered reasonably request, (ii) prepare and file
in those jurisdictions such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and
supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to
maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take
such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and
qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the
Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that
the Company

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (a)
qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be
required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (b) subject itself to general
taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (c) file a general consent to service of
process in any such jurisdiction, which in each case the Board of Directors of
the Company determines to be contrary to the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders.

              e. In the event Investors who hold a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities being offered in the offering (with the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the Investors) select underwriters for the offering, the
Company shall enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting
agreement, in usual and customary form, including, without limitation, customary
indemnification and contribution obligations, with the underwriters of such
offering.

              f. The Company shall immediately notify each Investor upon
discovery of, or upon the happening of, any event as a result of which the
prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, and use its best efforts promptly to prepare a supplement or
amendment to any Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or
omission, and deliver such number of copies of such supplement or amendment to
each Investor as such Investor may reasonably request; provided that, for not
more than thirty (30) consecutive trading days (or a total of not more than
sixty (60) trading days in any twelve (12) month period), the Company may delay
the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company (as
well as prospectus or Registration Statement updating) the disclosure of which
at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best
interests of the Company (an "Allowed Delay"); provided, further, that the
Company shall promptly (i) notify the Investors in writing of the existence of
(but in no event, without the prior written consent of an Investor, shall the
Company disclose to such investor any of the facts or circumstances regarding)
material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay and (ii) advise
the Investors in writing to cease all sales under such Registration Statement
until the end of the Allowed Delay. Upon expiration of the Allowed Delay, the
Company shall again be bound by the first sentence of this Section 3(f) with
respect to the information giving rise thereto.

              g. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any Registration
Statement, and, if such an order is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such
order at the earliest possible moment and to notify each Investor who holds
Registrable Securities being sold (or, in the event of an underwritten offering,
the managing underwriters) of the issuance of such order and the resolution
thereof.

              h. The Company shall permit a single firm of counsel designated by
the Investors to review such Registration Statement and all amendments and
supplements thereto (as well as all requests for acceleration or effectiveness
thereof) a reasonable period of time prior to their filing with the SEC, and not
file any document in a form to which such counsel reasonably objects and will
not request acceleration of such Registration Statement without prior notice to
such counsel. Such designated counsel shall review and provide comments to such

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

Registration Statement within two (2) business days after receipt of such
Registration Statement from the Company or its counsel. The sections of such
Registration Statement covering information with respect to the Investors, the
Investor's beneficial ownership of securities of the Company or the Investors
intended method of disposition of Registrable Securities shall conform to the
information provided to the Company by each of the Investors.

              i. The Company shall make generally available to its security
holders as soon as practicable, but not later than ninety (90) days after the
close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying
with the provisions of Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) beginning not later than the
first day of the Company's fiscal quarter next following the effective date of
the Registration Statement.

              j. At the request of any Investor, the Company shall furnish, on
the date that Registrable Securities are delivered to an underwriter, if any,
for sale in connection with any Registration Statement or, if such securities
are not being sold by an underwriter, on the date of effectiveness thereof (i)
an opinion, dated as of such date, from counsel representing the Company for
purposes of such Registration Statement, in form, scope and substance as is
customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the
underwriters, if any, and the Investors and (ii) a letter, dated such date, from
the Company's independent certified public accountants in form and substance as
is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters
in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, if any, and
the Investors.

              k. The Company shall make available for inspection by (i) any
Investor, (ii) any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to a
Registration Statement, (iii) one firm of attorneys and one firm of accountants
or other agents retained by the Investors, and (iv) one firm of attorneys
retained by all such underwriters (collectively, the "Inspectors") all pertinent
financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents and properties of
the Company, including without limitation, records of conversions by other
holders of convertible securities issued by the Company and the issuance of
stock to such holders pursuant to the conversions (collectively, the "Records"),
as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector to enable each
Inspector to exercise its due diligence responsibility, and cause the Company's
officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any Inspector
may reasonably request for purposes of such due diligence; provided, however,
that each Inspector shall hold in confidence and shall not make any disclosure
(except to an Investor) of any Record or other information which the Company
determines in good faith to be confidential, and of which determination the
Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the disclosure of such Records is
necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration
Statement, (b) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or
other order from a court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (c)
the information in such Records has been made generally available to the public
other than by disclosure in violation of this or any other agreement. The
Company shall not be required to disclose any confidential information in such
Records to any Inspector until and unless such Inspector shall have entered into
confidentiality agreements (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company) with the Company with respect thereto, substantially in the form of
this Section 3(k). Each Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that
disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of
competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to the

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action
to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, the Records
deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement
between the Company and any Investor) shall be deemed to limit the Investor's
ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent
with applicable laws and regulations.

              l. The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement to be listed on each national securities
exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company
are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then
permitted under the rules of such exchange, or (ii) to the extent the securities
of the same class or series are not then listed on a national securities
exchange, secure the designation and quotation, of all the Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement on the Nasdaq or, if not
eligible for the Nasdaq, on the Nasdaq SmallCap, and, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, to arrange for at least two market makers to
register with the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") as
such with respect to such Registrable Securities.

              m. The Company shall provide a transfer agent and registrar, which
may be a single entity, for the Registrable Securities not later than the
effective date of the Registration Statement.

              n. The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold
Registrable Securities being offered and the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of
certificates (not bearing any restrictive legends) representing Registrable
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such
certificates to be in such denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, or the Investors may reasonably
request and registered in such names as the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, or the Investors may request, and, within five (5)
business days after a Registration Statement which includes Registrable
Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall
cause legal counsel selected by the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent
for the Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investors whose Registrable
Securities are included in such Registration Statement) an opinion of such
counsel regarding the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

              o. At the request of the holders of a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a
Registration Statement and any prospectus used in connection with the
Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to change the plan of
distribution set forth in such Registration Statement.

              p. The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary
to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investors of Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

           4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

     In connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities, the
Investors shall have the following obligations:

              a. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the
Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to
the Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall
furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable
Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable
Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration
of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection
with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. At least five (5)
business days prior to the first anticipated filing date of the Registration
Statement, the Company shall notify each Investor of the information the Company
requires from each such Investor.

              b. Each Investor, by such Investor's acceptance of the Registrable
Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration
Statements hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing
of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's Registrable
Securities from the Registration Statements.

              c. In the event Investors holding a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities being registered determine to engage the services of an
underwriter, each Investor agrees to enter into and perform such Investor's
obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form,
including, without limitation, customary indemnification and contribution
obligations, with the managing underwriter of such offering and take such other
actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the
disposition of the Registrable Securities, unless such Investor has notified the
Company in writing of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's
Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

              d. Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or
3(g), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable
Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or 3(g) and, if so directed by
the Company, such Investor shall deliver to the Company (at the expense of the
Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Company a certificate of destruction)
all copies in such Investor's possession, of the prospectus covering such
Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice.

              e. No Investor may participate in any underwritten registration
hereunder unless such Investor (i) agrees to sell such Investor's Registrable
Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements in usual and
customary form entered into by the Company, (ii) completes and executes all
questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and
other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting
arrangements, and (iii) agrees to pay its pro rata share of all underwriting
discounts

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

and commissions and any expenses in excess of those payable by the Company
pursuant to Section 5 below.

           5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

     All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions,
incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to
Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and
qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, the fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one
counsel selected by the Investors pursuant to Sections 2(b) and 3(h) hereof,
shall be borne by the Company.

           6. INDEMNIFICATION.

     In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a Registration
Statement under this Agreement:

              a. To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify,
hold harmless and defend (i) each Investor who holds such Registrable
Securities, (ii) the directors, officers, partners, managers, employees, agents
and each person who controls any Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), if any, (iii)
any underwriter (as defined in the 1933 Act) for the Investors, and (iv) the
directors, officers, partners, employees and each person who controls any such
underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, if any (each, an
"Indemnified Person"), against any joint or several losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses (collectively, together with actions, proceedings or
inquiries by any regulatory or self-regulatory organization, whether commenced
or threatened, in respect thereof, "Claims") to which any of them may become
subject insofar as such Claims arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration
Statement or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading; (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date
of such Registration Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended
or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any
material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading; or
(iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the
1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the
Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii)
being, collectively, "Violations"). Subject to the restrictions set forth in
Section 6(c) with respect to the number of legal counsel, the Company shall
reimburse the Indemnified Person, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are
due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses
incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim arising
out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Indemnified Person
or underwriter for such Indemnified Person

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

expressly for use in connection with the preparation of such Registration
Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such
prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c)
hereof; (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and (iii) with respect to any
preliminary prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Person
if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as
then amended or supplemented, such corrected prospectus was timely made
available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) hereof, and the Indemnified
Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior
to the use giving rise to a Violation and such Indemnified Person,
notwithstanding such advice, used it. Such indemnity shall remain in full force
and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the
Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities
by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

              b. In connection with any Registration Statement in which an
Investor is participating, to the extent permitted by law, each such Investor
agrees severally and not jointly to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the
same extent and in the same manner set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each
of its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement,
each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act
or the 1934 Act, any underwriter and any other shareholder selling securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement or any of its directors or officers or
any person who controls such shareholder or underwriter within the meaning of
the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (collectively and together with an Indemnified
Person, an "Indemnified Party"), against any Claim to which any of them may
become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such
Claim arises out of or is based upon any Violation by such Investor, in each
case to the extent (and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the
Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration
Statement; and subject to Section 6(c) such Investor will reimburse any legal or
other expenses (promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable)
reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any
such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 6(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of such Investor, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full
force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such
Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities
by the Investors pursuant to Section 9. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(b)
with respect to any preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any
Indemnified Party if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained
in the preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus,
as then amended or supplemented. In no event shall the liability of an Investor
be greater in amount than the aggregate dollar amount of the proceeds (net of
all expenses paid by such Investor and the amount of any damages such Investor
has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or
omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification
obligation.

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

              c. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action
(including any governmental action), such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any
indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a
written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall
have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so
desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume
control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the
indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the
case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party
shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be
paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel
retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such
counsel in such proceeding. The indemnifying party shall pay for only one
separate legal counsel for the Indemnified Persons or the Indemnified Parties,
as applicable, and such legal counsel shall be selected by Investors holding a
majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration
Statement to which the Claim relates (with the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the Investors), if the Investors are entitled to
indemnification hereunder, or the Company, if the Company is entitled to
indemnification hereunder, as applicable. The failure to deliver written notice
to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any
such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the
extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced in its ability to
defend such action. The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made
by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred
and is due and payable.

           7. CONTRIBUTION.

     To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or
limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution
with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section
6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that (i) no
contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have
been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section
6, (ii) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be
entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation, and (iii) contribution (together
with any indemnification or other obligations under this Agreement) by any
seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the aggregate
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such seller of
Registrable Securities and the amount of any damages such seller has otherwise
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable
Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

           8. REPORTS UNDER THE 1934 ACT.

     With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144
promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the
SEC that may at any time permit the investors to sell securities of the Company
to the public without registration ("Rule 144"), the Company agrees to:

              a. make and keep public information available, as those terms are
understood and defined in Rule 144;

              b. file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other
documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long as
the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports
and other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

              c. furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns
Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the
Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the
1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly
report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the
Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to
permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration.

           9. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

     The rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by the
Investors to any transferee of all or any portion of Registrable Securities if:
(i) the Investor agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign
such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a
reasonable time after such assignment, (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable
time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice of (a) the
name and address of such transferee or assignee, and (b) the securities with
respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned,
(iii) following such transfer or assignment, the further disposition of such
securities by the transferee or assignee is restricted under the 1933 Act and
applicable state securities laws, (iv) at or before the time the Company
receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence, the
transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of
the provisions contained herein, (v) such transfer shall have been made in
accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, and (vi) such transferee shall be an "accredited investor" as that
term defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act.

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

          10. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

     Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may
be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively), only with written consent of the Investors who hold a
majority interest of the Registrable Securities. Any amendment or waiver
effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor
and the Company.

          11. MISCELLANEOUS.

              a. A person or entity is deemed to be a holder of Registrable
Securities whenever such person or entity owns of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or
elections from two or more persons or entities with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions,
notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable
Securities.

              b. Any notices required or permitted to be given under the terms
hereof shall be sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested)
or delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery
service) or by facsimile and shall be effective five days after being placed in
the mail, if mailed by regular United States mail, or upon receipt, if delivered
personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service) or
by facsimile, in each case addressed to a party. The addresses for such
communications shall be:

              If to the Company:

              Antares Pharma, Inc.
              704 Eagleview Boulevard
              Suite 414
              Exton, Pennsylvania 19342
              Attention: Roger G. Harrison, Ph.D.
              Telephone: 610-458-6200
              Facsimile: 610-458-0756
              Email: rharrison@antarespharma.com

              With a copy to:

              Leonard, Street and Deinard, P.A.
              150 South Fifth Street
              Suite 2300
              Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402
              Attention: Morris M. Sherman, Esq.
              Telephone: 612-335-1561
              Facsimile: 612-335-1657
              Email: morris.sherman@leonard.com

If to an Investor: to the address set forth immediately below such Investor's
name on the signature pages attached hereto.

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

              With a copy to:

              Lowenstein Sandler PC
              65 Livingston Avenue
              Roseland, New Jersey 07068
              Attention: Robert G. Minion, Esq.
              Facsimile: 973-597-2400
              Email: rminion@lowenstein.com

              c. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

              d. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED NEW YORK, NEW YORK WITH
RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. BOTH
PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE
MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT SERVICE
OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY
RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

              e. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any
provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

              f. This Agreement, the Debenture and Warrant Purchase Agreements,
the Applicable Debentures, the Applicable Warrants and the Amended and Restated
Security Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits thereto) constitute the
entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or
undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

and therein. This Agreement, the Debenture and Warrant Purchase Agreements, the
Applicable Debentures and the Applicable Warrants supersede all prior agreements
and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof.

              g. Subject to the requirements of Section 9 hereof, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their
successors and assigns.

              h. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.

              i. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been
signed by each party and delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once
executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile
transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so
delivering this Agreement.

              j. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and
performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other
party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

              k. Except as otherwise provided herein, all consents and other
determinations to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be
made by Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities, determined
as if the all of the Applicable Debentures and Applicable Warrants then
outstanding have been converted into or exercised for Registrable Securities.

              l. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to each Investor by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for breach of its obligations under this
Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the Company of any of the provisions under this Agreement, that each
Investor shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies in law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an
injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

              m. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the
language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the undersigned Investors have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

ANTARES PARMA, INC.

/s/ Lawrence M. Christian
--------------------------------------
Lawrence M. Christian
Chief Financial Officer


XMARK FUND, L.P.
By:                                             ADDRESS:
                                                152 West 57th Street, 21st Floor
                                                New York, NY 10019
                                                Facsimile: (212) 247-1329
                                                Telephone: (212) 247-8200
/s/ David C. Cavalier
--------------------------------------
David C. Cavalier
Chief Operating Officer
XMARK FUND, LTD.

                                                ADDRESS:
                                                152 West 57th Street, 21st Floor
                                                New York, NY 10019
                                                Facsimile: (212) 247-1329
                                                Telephone: (212) 247-8200
/s/ David C. Cavalier
--------------------------------------
David C. Cavalier
Chief Operating Officer


SDS MERCHANT FUND, LP
By: SDS Capital Partners, LLC,                  ADDRESS:
    its General Partner                         c/o SDS Capital Partners, LLC
                                                53 Forest Avenue, Suite 203
                                                Old Greenwich, CT 06780
                                                Facsimile: (203) 967-5851
                                                Telephone: (203) 247-5850
/s/ Steve Derby
--------------------------------------
Steve Derby
Managing Member

                                      -17-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
