<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.28
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO 2000 STOCK PLAN
<TEXT>


                             FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE
                       CCC INFORMATION SERVICES GROUP INC.
                            2000 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

     WHEREAS,  the  Board of Directors (the "Board") of CCC Information Services
Group  Inc. (the "Company") adopted the CCC Information Services Group Inc. 2000
Stock  Incentive  Plan  (the  "Plan")   on  May  11,  2000,  and  the  Company's
stockholders   approved   the  adoption  of  the  Plan  on  May  25,  2000;  and

     WHEREAS,  as  a  result of the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
the  Board  desires to amend the Plan to modify Section 9 thereof which provides
for  loans  to  key employees to acquire common stock of the Company pursuant to
the  Plan;  and

     WHEREAS,  the  Board  desires  to  further  amend  the  Plan  to modify the
provisions thereof describing permitted transfers of awards made under the Plan;
and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, such amendments may be adopted
by  the  Board  without  stockholder  approval;

     NOW,  THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective as of the
dates  set  forth  below:

     1.  Section  9  of  the  Plan is hereby amended by adding the following new
paragraph  (f)  thereto,  effective  as  of  July  30,  2002.

          "(f)  Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  this  Section 9 to the
          contrary,  on  and  after July 30, 2002, no loan may be granted to any
          Key  Employee  who  is a director or executive officer of the Company.
          For  purposes  of  this  Section  9(f),  an "executive officer" of the
          Company  means  its  President,  any  vice  president  in  charge of a
          principal  business  unit, division or function, any other officer who
          performs  a  policy  making function and any other person who performs
          similar policy making functions. Executive officers of subsidiaries of
          the Company are also executive officers of the Company if they perform
          such  policy  making  functions  for  the  Company."

     2.  The  second  sentence of Section 14(g) of the Plan is hereby deleted in
its  entirety  and  the  following  sentences  are substituted in place thereof,
effective  as  of  February  1,  2003:

          "Under such rules and procedures as the Committee may establish, a Key
          Employee who holds an Incentive may transfer such Incentive, by a gift
          or  a  domestic  relations  order  only, to any of such Key Employee's
          family  members, provided that (i) the Award Agreement with respect to
          such  Incentives expressly so permits or is amended to so permit, (ii)
          the Key Employee does not receive any consideration for such transfer,
          and  (iii) the Key Employee provides such documentation or information
          concerning  any  such  transfer  or  transferee  as  the Committee may
          reasonably  request.  For  purposes  of  this  Section  14  (g), a Key
          Employee's  "family members" include any child, stepchild, grandchild,
          parent,  stepparent,  grandparent,  spouse,  former  spouse,  sibling,
          niece,    nephew,    mother-in-law,     father-in-law,     son-in-law,
          daughter-in-law,  brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive
          relationships,  any person sharing the Key Employee's household (other
          than  a  tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more
          than  fifty  percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which
          these  persons (or the Key Employee) control the management of assets,
          and  any other entity in which these persons (or the Key Employee) own
          more  than  fifty  percent  of  the  voting  interests."



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
