<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.51
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.51

                        AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                        ---------------------------------

     This  amendment  to  the  Employment Agreement is made and entered into the
28th  day of January 2003, by and between New York Health Care, Inc., a New York
corporation,  with  its  principal  place  of  business at 1850 McDonald Avenue,
Brooklyn,  New  York  11223 (hereinafter "Employer" or the "Company"), and Jerry
Braun,  an  individual  whose  residential  address  is at 929 East 28th Street,
Brooklyn,  NY  11210  (hereinafter  "Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS,  the  Employer and Employee are parties to an employment agreement
between them dated November 10, 1999 (the "Employment Agreement");

     WHEREAS,  the  Employer  and  Employee  have  mutually  agreed to amend the
Employment  Agreement  to  the  extent  provided  for  herein;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual covenants as set forth
herein,  and  other  good  and  valuable  consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby  acknowledged:

                      THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

     1.     Paragraph  1 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding
the following sentence at the end of the paragraph:

     "In  addition,  it is agreed that the Employee shall be elected as a member
of  the  Board  of Directors of the Employer for the full term of the Employment
Agreement."

     2.     Paragraph 2 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended to read as
follows:

     "2.  Term.   The  term  of  employment  of  the  Employee  pursuant  to the
Employment  Agreement  shall be extended for an additional period of five years,
so  that the term of the Employment Agreement shall be for ten (10) years ending
at the close of business December 26, 2009."


<PAGE>
     3.     Paragraph 5 of the  Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding
the following subparagraph (B)(v):

          "(B)(v)  The  closing of the October 11, 2001 Stock for Stock Exchange
Agreement, as amended, which occurred on January 2, 2003, is deemed to be a
change of control of the Company."

     4.     Paragraph  6 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding
the following subparagraph (C):

          "(C)  In  the event of termination of the service of the Employee as a
member  of  the Board of Directors of the Employer for any reason other than the
death of the Employee, the Employer shall, effective on the date of termination,
enter  into  a consulting agreement with the Employee, substantially in the form
filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  as  an  Exhibit  to the
Employer's  Form  S-4 Registration Statement which was declared effective by the
SEC  on  November 1, 2002, whereby the Employee will provide consulting services
to  the Employer on an as-needed basis for a period of not less than five years,
and  as  compensation  for  those  services will be granted an option to acquire
500,000 shares of the Employer's common stock during a term of not less than ten
(10)  years  at  a  price per share equal to the closing price of the Employer's
common  stock  on  the  date of such termination, and the shares of common stock
underlying  the  option  shall  be promptly registered on SEC Form S-8 or on any
other  SEC form appropriate for such registration so that such shares shall have
been  fully  registered  no later than ninety (90) days after termination of the
Employment  Agreement."

     5.     Paragraph 10 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended to change
the  address  for  copies  of notices to William J. Davis, Esq., to "Scheichet &
Davis, P.C., 800 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022."


                                        2
<PAGE>
     6.     The  Employment  Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following
paragraph 18:

          "18.  Modifications  to Employment Agreement Authorized by Resolutions
of  the  Compensation  Committee  and  Board  of  Directors.  The  following
modifications  to  the  Employment  Agreement have been implemented prior to the
date  of  this amendment pursuant to resolutions approved by the New York Health
Care,  Inc.  Compensation  Committee  and  Board  of  Directors,  as  follows:

          (a)  Effective January 1, 2002, the Employee will be entitled to forty
eight  (48)  days  of  compensated  absences  each  year  during the term of the
Employment  Agreement.

          (b)  In  lieu  of  the  $5,000 annual allowance for insurance premiums
provided  in  paragraph  4(E)  of the Employment Agreement, the Employee will be
paid  a  $10,000  per  annum  expense  allowance."

     7.     All  Other  Provisions  Remain  Unchanged.  Except  as  specifically
provided for in this amendment to the Employment Agreement, all of the terms and
provisions  of  the  Employment  Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
without  modification.

          IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
effective as of the day and year first above written.


                                   NEW YORK HEALTH CARE, INC.


                            By:    /s/ Jacob Rosenberg
                                   -------------------------------
                                   Jacob Rosenberg, Vice President


                                   EMPLOYEE:


                                   /s/ Jerry Braun
                                   ------------------------
                                   Jerry Braun


                                        3
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
