<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c75760exv10w15.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.15

                    SUPERIOR CONSULTANT HOLDINGS CORPORATION

                        Amendment to Employment Agreement


The Employment Agreement dated October 11, 2000, as amended, between George S.
Huntzinger, RR4, Box 610 42nd Street, Dallas, PA 18612 and Superior Consultant
Company, Inc., a Michigan Corporation, is hereby amended as follows:


1.   Section #1 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

     Your employment with the Company shall commence as of October 11, 2000
     ("the Commencement Date") and will terminate on December 31, 2003. Except
     as otherwise herein provided, you shall have no continuing right to
     compensation and bonus. You shall have such responsibilities and perform
     such duties appropriate to such position as shall be reasonably assigned to
     you by the CEO of the Company. You will initially serve as President and
     Chief Operating Officer. You shall devote all your working time and efforts
     to the business of the Company. You represent that you are not bound by the
     provisions of any non-competition, confidentiality or similar agreement not
     heretofore disclosed by you in writing to the Company. You also represent
     and warrant that you have never been convicted of a felony.

2.   Section #2 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

     Your salary shall be at the rate of $12,923.08 bi-weekly, payable in
     accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company and subject to
     any payroll or other deductions as may be required to be made pursuant to
     law, government order, or by your written agreement or consent.

3.   The first paragraph under Section #4 shall be deleted in its entirety and
     replaced by the following:

     In the event that your employment with the Company shall be terminated by
     the Company without Cause prior to December 31, 2003, and not as a result
     of your death or Disability (as hereinafter defined), the Company shall
     continue your salary (in bi-weekly installments) as if you were still
     employed by the Company through December 31, 2003 or for a period of six
     months from the date of termination, whichever is less. You shall be under
     no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise to mitigate the
     Company's obligation to continue your salary. The Company shall, during
     this period of salary continuation, continue to provide you with health
     insurance benefits on the same basis, including any Company-paid premiums,
     as such benefits are provided to employees of the Company, except that such
     salary continuation coverage period shall be coterminous and shall apply to
     federally mandated COBRA continuation periods. Your rights under the other
     benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be determined in accordance
     with the terms of such plans and programs as then in effect. In the event
     of such termination neither you nor the Company shall have any further
     rights or obligations under this Agreement, except as set forth in Sections
     5, 6, 7, and 8 of this Agreement.

4.   This amendment becomes effective September 15, 2002. Terms of Employment
     Agreement dated October 11, 2000, as amended, will prevail until September
     14, 2002.


                          PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL




<PAGE>
5.   Except as amended hereof, all terms and provisions of the Employment
     Agreement dated October 11, 2000, as amended, remain in full force and
     effect.


SIGNATURES:

Acknowledged and accepted for Superior Consultant Company, Inc.

/s/ Richard D. Helppie                     CEO                      9/20/02
-------------------------         ---------------------         ----------------
Name                              Title                         Date


I hereby acknowledge that I have voluntarily entered into this Amendment to
Employment Agreement after having a full and adequate opportunity to review its
provisions.

Acknowledged and accepted

/s/ George S. Huntzinger                President                   9/20/02
-------------------------         ---------------------         ----------------
Name                              Title                         Date


                          PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
