<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.1: Form of Employment Agreement between Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. and
Joseph L. Mancino, John R. Bransfield, Jr., Michael P. Puorro and R. Patrick
Quinn

The attached Employment Agreement, as amended and restated, by and between
Joseph L. Mancino and Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. is substantially identical in all
material respects (except as otherwise noted below) with the other contracts
listed below which are not being filed as separate exhibits to this Report.

Parties to Employment Agreement:
--------------------------------

Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. and John R. Bransfield, Jr. (1)
Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. and Michael P. Puorro (2)
Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. and R. Patrick Quinn (3)

     (1)  Mr. Bransfield's Employment Agreement with Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. is
          substantially identical to Exhibit 10.1 except as to (i) the name of
          the signatory, which is John R. Bransfield, Jr.; (ii) the position in
          Section 1 of the Employment Agreement, which is Senior Executive Vice
          President; and (iii) the amount of the base salary in Section 3(a),
          which is $280,000 per year.

     (2)  Mr. Puorro's Employment Agreement with Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. is
          substantially identical to Exhibit 10.1 except as to (i) the name of
          the signatory, which is Michael P. Puorro; (ii) the position in
          Section 1 of the Employment Agreement, which is Treasurer and Chief
          Financial Officer, but not as a director of Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. or
          Roslyn Savings Bank; and (iii) the amount of the base salary in
          Section 3(a), which is $197,000 per year.

     (3)  Mr. Quinn's Employment Agreement with Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. is
          substantially identical to Exhibit 10.1 except as to (i) the name of
          the signatory, which is R. Patrick Quinn; (ii) the position in Section
          1 of the Employment Agreement, which is Executive Vice President,
          General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, but not as a director of
          Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. or Roslyn Savings Bank; (iii) the amount of the
          base salary in Section 3(a), which is $235,000 per year; (iv) the
          effective date of the agreement, which is March 27, 2001; and (v)
          certain clarifying language with respect to the payment by Roslyn
          Bancorp, Inc. to Mr. Quinn of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the
          Internal Revenue Code in the event of a change in control as described
          in Sections 5(h)-(j) of the Employment Agreement.

<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.1

                              ROSLYN BANCORP, INC.
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This AGREEMENT, originally entered into on January 10, 1997, is amended and
restated in its entirety effective March 22, 1999, by and between Roslyn
Bancorp, Inc. (the "Holding Company"), a corporation organized under the laws of
Delaware, with its principal administrative office at 1400 Old Northern
Boulevard, Roslyn, New York, and Joseph L. Mancino ("Executive"). Any reference
to "the Bank" herein shall mean Roslyn Savings Bank or any successor thereto.

     WHEREAS, the Holding Company wishes to continue to assure itself of the
services of Executive for the period provided in this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS, Executive is willing to continue to serve in the employ of the
Holding Company on a full-time basis in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained,
and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

1.   CONSIDERATION PROVIDED BY THE EXECUTIVE.

     During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive agrees to serve as
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Holding Company. Executive shall
render administrative and management services to the Holding Company such as are
customarily performed by persons in a similar executive capacity. During said
period, Executive also agrees to serve, if elected, as an officer and director
of any subsidiary of the Holding Company. Failure to reelect Executive as
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Holding Company, failure to reelect
Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, or failure to
nominate or reelect Executive to the Board of Directors of the Holding Company
or the Bank, any without the consent of Executive, shall constitute a breach of
this Agreement.

2.   TERMS.

     (a) The period of Executive's employment under this Agreement shall be
deemed to have commenced as of the date first above written and shall continue
for a period of sixty (60) full calendar months from the effective date of the
date this Agreement, as amended and restated. Commencing on the date of the
execution of this Agreement, as amended and restated, the term of this Agreement
shall be extended for one day each day so that a constant sixty (60) calendar
month term shall remain in effect, until such time as the Board of Directors of
the Holding Company (the "Board") or Executive elects not to extend the term of
the Agreement by giving written notice to the other party in accordance with
Section 8 of this Agreement, in which case the term of this Agreement shall be
fixed and shall end on the fifth anniversary of the date of such written notice.

                                       1

<PAGE>


     (b) During the period of his employment hereunder, except for periods of
absence occasioned by illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable
leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all his business time,
attention, skill, and efforts to the faithful performance of his duties
hereunder including activities and services related to the organization,
operation and management of the Holding Company and the Bank and participation
in community and civic organizations; provided, however, that, with the approval
of the Board, as evidenced by a resolution of such Board, from time to time,
Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, and
hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations, which, in
the Board's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Holding
Company, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to
this Agreement.

     (c) Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, Executive's
employment with the Holding Company may be terminated by the Holding Company or
Executive during the term of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

3.   CONSIDERATION PROVIDED BY THE HOLDING COMPANY.

     (a) The compensation specified under this Agreement shall constitute
consideration paid by the Holding Company in exchange for the duties described
in Section 1. The Holding Company shall pay Executive as compensation a salary
of not less than $572,000 per year ("Base Salary"). Base Salary shall include
any amounts of compensation deferred by Executive under any employee benefit
plan or deferred compensation arrangement maintained by the Bank or the Holding
Company. Such Base Salary shall be payable bi-weekly. During the period of this
Agreement, Executive's Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually; the
first such review will be made no later than one year from the date of this
Agreement. Such review shall be conducted by the Board or a committee designated
by the Board, and the Board may increase Executive's Base Salary at any time.
The increased Base Salary shall become the new "Base Salary" for purposes of
this Agreement. In addition to the Base Salary provided in this Section 3(a),
the Holding Company shall also provide Executive at no cost to Executive with
all such other benefits as are provided uniformly to permanent full-time
employees of the Holding Company and the Bank.

     (b) The Holding Company will provide Executive with the opportunity to
participate in employee benefit plans, arrangements and perquisites
substantially equivalent to those in which Executive was participating or
otherwise deriving a benefit from immediately prior to the beginning of the term
of this Agreement, and the Holding Company will not, without Executive's prior
written consent, make any changes in such plans, arrangements or perquisites
which would adversely affect Executive's rights or benefits thereunder, without
separately providing for an arrangement that ensures Executive receives or will
receive the economic value that Executive would otherwise lose as a result of
such adverse affect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions
of this Subsection (b), Executive will be entitled to participate in or receive
benefits under any employee benefit plans, whether tax-qualified or otherwise,
including, but not limited to, retirement plans, supplemental retirement plans,
pension plans, profit-sharing plans, health-and-accident plan, medical coverage
or any other employee benefit plan or arrangement made available by the Holding

                                       2

<PAGE>

Company now or in the future to its senior executives and key management
employees, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and
overall administration of such plans and arrangements. Executive will be
entitled to incentive compensation and bonuses as provided in any plan or
arrangement of the Holding Company in which Executive is eligible to
participate. Nothing paid to Executive under any such plan or arrangement will
be deemed to be in lieu of other compensation to which Executive is entitled
under this Agreement.

     (c) In addition to the Base Salary provided for by paragraph (a) of this
Section 3 and other compensation provided for by paragraph (b) of this Section
3, the Holding Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable
travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations
under this Agreement, including expenses associated with membership in clubs or
organizations, as mutually agreed to between the Board and Executive.

     (d) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3(d), the Holding Company
will provide to Executive for each calendar year during the term of this
Agreement and for the remaining term of this Agreement after a termination of
employment following an Event of Termination as defined in Section 4 of this
Agreement, no later than 90 days after the close of the calendar year to which
such payment pertains ("Benefit Year"), a "Benefit Equity Payment" in addition
to the contributions actually made (or benefits actually accrued) with respect
to such year to any tax-qualified or non-tax-qualified compensation or benefit
plan, arrangement, policy or program funded or sponsored by the Holding Company
or the Bank, including but not limited to those of the following types: deferred
compensation, retirement, defined benefit pension, defined contribution pension,
supplemental executive retirement, profit sharing, stock option or stock bonus
award, life insurance, health, medical, dental, disability, incentive
compensation or bonus plan, perquisites, or other fringe benefits ("Benefit
Plans") made on his behalf or otherwise accrued as consideration for his
services described in Section 1 of this Agreement. The Benefit Equity Payment
shall be an amount calculated by an actuary accountant or other licensed
professional to equal the amount of the contributions (or other benefits) which
would have been made or accrued for Executive for such year pursuant to all
Benefit Plans as consideration for his services described in Section 1 of this
Agreement but were not made or accrued because (i) any of the Benefit Plans were
terminated or not funded, or (ii) the Executive was no longer employed or will
not be employed by the Holding Company or Bank.

4.   PAYMENTS TO EXECUTIVE UPON AN EVENT OF TERMINATION.

     (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination (as herein defined)
during Executive's term of employment under this Agreement, the provisions of
this Section 4 shall apply. As used in this Agreement, an "Event of Termination"
shall mean and include any one or more of the following: (i) the termination by
the Holding Company of Executive's full-time employment hereunder for any reason
other than, Retirement, as defined in Section 6 hereof, or Termination for
Cause, as defined in Section 7 hereof; (ii) Executive's resignation from the
Holding Company's employ, upon any (A) notice to Executive by the Holding
Company of non-renewal of the term of this Agreement, (B) failure to elect or
reelect or to appoint or reappoint Executive as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Holding Company, failure to elect or reelect or to appoint or
reappoint

                                       3

<PAGE>

Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, or,
failure to nominate or reelect Executive to the Board of Directors of the
Holding Company or Bank, unless Executive consents to any such event (C) a
material change in Executive's function, duties, or responsibilities, which
change would cause Executive's position to become one of lesser responsibility,
importance, or scope from the position and attributes thereof described in
Section 1, above, (and any such material change shall be deemed a continuing
breach of this Agreement), (D) a relocation of Executive's principal place of
employment by more than twenty-five (25) miles from its location at the
effective date of this Agreement, or a material reduction in the benefits and
perquisites available to Executive to which Executive does not consent or for
which Executive is not or will not be provided the economic benefit pursuant to
Section 3(b) hereof, (E) liquidation or dissolution of the Bank or the Holding
Company, or (F) breach of this Agreement by the Holding Company. Upon the
occurrence of any event described in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F),
above, Executive shall have the right to elect to terminate his employment under
this Agreement by resignation upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written
notice given within a reasonable period of time not to exceed, except in case of
a continuing breach, four calendar months after the event giving rise to said
right to elect.

     (b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination on the Date of
Termination as defined in Section 8, the Holding Company shall be obligated to
pay Executive, or, in the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be: (i) the amount of the
remaining payments and benefits that Executive would have earned if he had
continued his employment with the Holding Company or the Bank during the
remaining unexpired term of this Agreement, based on the Executive's Base Salary
and benefits provided at the Date of Termination, as set out in Sections 3(a),
(b) and (d) hereof, as the case may be, and the amount still due the Executive
under any paragraph of Section 3 for service through the Date of Termination. At
the election of Executive, which election is to be made within thirty (30) days
of the Date of Termination, such payments shall be made in a lump sum or paid
monthly during the remaining term of the Agreement following Executive's
termination. In the event that no election is made, payment to Executive will be
made in a lump sum. Such payments shall not be reduced in the event Executive
obtains other employment following termination of employment.

     (c) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Termination, Executive will be
entitled to receive benefits due him under or contributed by the Bank or the
Holding Company on his behalf pursuant to any retirement, incentive, profit
sharing, bonus, performance, disability or other employee benefit plan
maintained by the Bank or the Holding Company on Executive's behalf to the
extent such benefits are not otherwise paid to Executive under a separate
provision of this Agreement.

     (d) To the extent that the Holding Company or the Bank continues to offer
any life, medical, health, disability or dental insurance plan or arrangement in
which Executive participates in on the last day of his employment (each being a
"Welfare Plan"), after an Event of Termination (as herein defined), Executive
and his dependents shall continue participating in such Welfare Plans, subject
to the same premium contributions on the part of Executive as were required
immediately prior to the Event of Termination until the earlier of (i) his death
(ii) his employment by another employer other than one of which he is the
majority owner or (iii) the end of the remaining term of

                                       4

<PAGE>

this Agreement. If the Holding Company or Bank does not offer the Welfare Plans
after the Event of Termination, then the Holding Company shall provide Executive
with a payment equal to the actuarial value of the provision of such benefit for
the period which runs until the earlier of (i) his death; (ii) his employment by
another employer other than one of which he is the majority owner; or (iii) the
end of the remaining term of this Agreement.

     (e) In the event that Executive is receiving monthly payments pursuant to
Section 4(b) hereof, on an annual basis, thereafter, between the dates of
January 1 and January 31 of each year, Executive shall elect whether, the
balance of the amount payable under the Agreement at that time shall be paid in
a lump sum or on a pro rata basis. Such election shall be irrevocable for the
year for which such election is made.

5.   CHANGE IN CONTROL.

     (a) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" of the Holding
Company or the Bank shall mean an event of a nature that: (i) would be required
to be reported in response to Item 1(a) of the current report on Form 8-K, as in
effect on the date hereof, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"); or (ii) results in a Change in
Control of the Bank or the Holding Company within the meaning of the Change in
Bank Control Act and the Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") at 12 C.F.R. (S) 303.4(a), with respect
to the Bank, and the Rules and Regulations promulgated by the Office of Thrift
Supervision ("OTS") (or its predecessor agency), with respect to the Holding
Company, as in effect on the date of this Agreement; or (iii) without limitation
such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (A)
any "person" (as the term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange
Act) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of voting securities of the Bank or the
Holding Company representing 20% or more of the Bank's or the Holding Company's
outstanding voting securities or right to acquire such securities except for any
voting securities of the Bank purchased by the Holding Company and any voting
securities purchased by any employee benefit plan of the Holding Company or its
Subsidiaries, or (B) individuals who constitute the Board on the date hereof
(the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date
hereof whose election was approved by a vote of at least three-quarters of the
directors comprising the Incumbent Board, or whose nomination for election by
the Holding Company's stockholders was approved by a Nominating Committee solely
composed of members which are Incumbent Board members, shall be, for purposes of
this clause (B), considered as though he were a member of the Incumbent Board,
or (C) a plan of reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of all or
substantially all the assets of the Bank or the Holding Company or similar
transaction occurs or is effectuated in which the Bank or Holding Company is not
the resulting entity, or (D) a proxy statement has been distributed soliciting
proxies from stockholders of the Holding Company, by someone other than the
current management of the Holding Company, seeking stockholder approval of a
plan of reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Holding Company or Bank
with one or more corporations as a result of which the outstanding shares of the
class of securities then subject to such plan or transaction are exchanged

                                       5

<PAGE>

for or converted into cash or property or securities not issued by the Bank or
the Holding Company shall be distributed, or (E) a tender offer is made for 20%
or more of the voting securities of the Bank or Holding Company then
outstanding.

     (b) If any of the events described in Section 5(a) hereof constituting a
Change in Control have occurred or the Board has determined that a Change in
Control has occurred, Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in
paragraphs (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 5 upon his termination of
employment on or after the date the Change in Control occurs at any time during
the term of this Agreement due to (1) Executive's dismissal; (2) Executive's
voluntary resignation for any reason on or within the sixty (60) day period
immediately following the date a Change in Control has occurred; or (3)
Executive's resignation following any demotion, loss of title, office or
significant authority or responsibility, reduction in annual compensation or
benefits or relocation of his principals place of employment by more than 25
miles from its location immediately prior to the Change in Control, unless such
termination is because of his death, or Termination for Cause; provided,
however, that such payments shall be reduced by any payment made under Section 4
of this agreement.

     (c) Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control followed by Executive's
termination of employment, as provided in Section 5(b), the Holding Company
shall pay Executive, or in the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay or liquidated
damages, or both, a sum equal to the greater of: 1) the payments due for the
remaining term of the Agreement or 2) the greater of (i) five (5) times
Executive's average annual compensation for the three (3) preceding taxable
years or such lesser number of years in the event that Executive shall have been
employed by the Institution or the Holding Company for less than three (3) years
or (ii) five (5) times Executive's annual compensation for the last taxable year
immediately preceding the Change in Control. In determining Executive's average
annual compensation, annual compensation shall include Base Salary and any other
taxable income, including but not limited to amounts related to the granting,
vesting or exercise of restricted stock or stock option awards, commissions,
bonuses (whether paid or received for the applicable period), pension and profit
sharing plan contributions or benefits (whether or not taxable), severance
payments, retirement benefits, director or committee fees and fringe benefits
paid or to be paid to Executive or paid for Executive's benefit during any such
year. At the election of Executive, which election is to be made prior to or
within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination on or following a Change in
Control, such payment may be made in a lump sum (without discount for early
payment) on or immediately following the Date of Termination (which may be the
date a Change in Control occurs) or paid in equal monthly installments during
the sixty (60) months following Executive's termination. In the event that no
election is made, payment to Executive will be made on a monthly basis during
the sixty (60) months following Executive's termination.

     (d) Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, Executive will be entitled
to receive benefits due him under or contributed by the Bank or the Holding
Company on his behalf pursuant to any retirement, incentive, profit sharing,
bonus, performance, disability or other employee benefit

                                       6

<PAGE>

plan maintained by the Bank or the Holding Company on Executive's behalf to the
extent such benefits are not otherwise paid to Executive under a separate
provision of this Agreement.

     (e) Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control and Executive's termination
of employment in connection therewith, the Holding Company will cause to be
continued life, medical and disability coverage substantially identical to the
coverage maintained by the Bank or Holding Company for Executive and any of his
dependents covered under such plans prior to the Change in Control. Such
coverage and payments shall cease upon the expiration of sixty (60) full
calendar months following the Date of Termination. In the event Executive's
participation in any such plan or program is barred, the Holding Company shall
arrange to provide Executive and his dependents with benefits substantially
similar as those of which Executive and his dependents would otherwise have been
entitled to receive under such plans and programs from which their continued
participation is barred or provide their economic equivalent.

     (f) The use or provision of any membership, license, automobile use, or
other perquisites shall be continued during the remaining term of the Agreement
on the same financial terms and obligations as were in place immediately prior
to the Change in Control. To the extent that any item referred to in this
paragraph will at the end of the term of this Agreement, no longer be available
to the Executive, the Executive will have the option to purchase all rights then
held by the Holding Company or Bank to such item for a price equal to the then
fair market value of the item.

     (g) In the event that Executive is receiving monthly payments pursuant to
Section 5(c) hereof, on an annual basis, thereafter, between the dates of
January 1 and January 31 of each year, Executive shall elect whether the balance
of the amount payable under the Agreement at that time shall be paid in a lump
sum or on a pro rata basis pursuant to such section. Such election shall be
irrevocable for the year for which such election is made.

     (h) Notwithstanding the preceding paragraphs of this Section 5, for any
taxable year in which Executive shall be liable, as determined for the payment
of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provisions
thereto), with respect to any payment in the nature of the compensation made by
the Holding Company or the Bank to (or for the benefit of) Executive pursuant to
this Agreement or otherwise, the Holding Company shall pay to Executive an
amount determined under the following formula:

     An amount equal to: (E x P) + X

WHERE:

     X  =                  E x P
          -----------------------------------------
          1 - [(FI x (1 - SLI)) + SLI + E + M + PO]

     E    =    the rate at which the excise tax is assessed under Section 4999
               of the Code;

                                       7

<PAGE>

     P    =    the amount with respect to which such excise tax is assessed,
               determined without regard to this Section 2;

     FI   =    the highest marginal rate of federal income, employment, and
               other taxes (other than taxes imposed under Section 4999 of the
               Code) applicable to Executive for the taxable year in question;

     SLI  =    the sum of the highest marginal rates of income and payroll tax
               applicable to Executive under applicable state and local laws for
               the taxable year in question;

     M    =    the highest marginal rate of Medicare; and

     PO   =    the adjustment for phase out of or loss of deduction, personal
               exemption or other similar items.

With respect to any payment in the nature of compensation that is made to (or
for the benefit of) Executive under the terms of this Section or otherwise and
on which an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code will be assessed, the
payment determined under this Section 5 shall be made to Executive on the
earliest of (i) the date the Holding Company is required to withhold such tax,
(ii) the date the tax is required to be paid by Executive, or (iii) at the time
of the Change in Control. It is the intention of the parties that the Holding
Company provide Executive with a full tax gross-up under the provisions of this
Section, so that on a net after-tax basis, the result to Executive shall be the
same as if the excise tax under Section 4999 (or any successor provisions) of
the Code had not been imposed. The tax gross-up may be adjusted if alternative
minimum tax rules are applicable to Executive.

     (i) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it shall subsequently be determined
in a final judicial determination or a final administrative settlement to which
Executive is a party that the excess parachute payment as defined in Section
4999 of the Code, reduced as described above, is more than the amount determined
as "P", above (such greater amount being hereafter referred to as the
"Determinative Excess Parachute Payment") then the Holding Company's independent
accountants shall determine the amount (the "Adjustment Amount"), the Holding
Company must pay to the Executive, in order to put the Executive (or the Holding
Company, as the case may be) in the same position as the Executive (or the
Holding Company, as the case may be) would have been if the amount determined as
"P" above had been equal to the Determinative Excess Parachute Payment. In
determining the Adjustment Amount, the independent accountants shall take into
account any and all taxes (including any penalties and interest) paid by or for
Executive or refunded to Executive or for Executive's benefit. As soon as
practicable after the Adjustment Amount has been so determined, the Holding
Company shall pay the Adjustment Amount to Executive.

     (k) In each calendar year that Executive receives payments or benefits
under this Agreement, Executive shall report on his state and federal income tax
returns such information as

                                       8

<PAGE>

is consistent with the determination made by the independent accountants of the
Holding Company as described above. The Holding Company shall indemnify and hold
Executive harmless from any and all losses, costs and expenses (including
without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, interest, fines and penalties)
which Executive incurs as a result of so reporting such information. Executive
shall promptly notify the Holding Company in writing whenever the Executive
receives notice of the Bank of a judicial or administrative proceeding, formal
or informal, in which the federal tax treatment under Section 4999 of the Code
of any amount paid or payable under this Supplemental Agreement is being
reviewed or is in dispute. The Holding Company shall assume control at its
expense over all legal and accounting matters pertaining to such federal tax
treatment (except to the extent necessary or appropriate for Executive to
resolve any such proceeding with respect to any matter unrelated to amounts paid
or payable pursuant to this contract) and Executive shall cooperate fully with
the Holding Company in any such proceeding. Executive shall cooperate fully with
the Holding Company in any such proceeding. Executive shall not enter into any
compromise or settlement or otherwise prejudice any rights the Holding Company
may have in connection therewith without prior consent to the Holding Company.

6.   TERMINATION UPON RETIREMENT.

     Termination of Executive based on "Retirement" shall mean termination in
accordance with the Holding Company's or Bank's retirement policy or in
accordance with any retirement arrangement established with Executive's consent
with respect to him. Upon termination of Executive upon Retirement, Executive
shall be entitled to all benefits under any retirement plan of the Holding
Company or the Bank and other plans to which Executive is a party or a
participant.

7.   TERMINATION FOR CAUSE.

     The term "Termination for Cause" shall mean termination because of: (1)
Executive's personal dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty
involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful
violation of any law, rule, regulation (other than traffic violations or similar
offenses), final cease and desist order or material breach of any provision of
this Agreement which results in a material loss to the Bank or the Holding
Company, or (2) Executive's conviction of a crime or act involving moral
turpitude or a final judgement rendered against Executive based upon actions of
Executive which involve moral turpitude. For the purposes of this Section, no
act, or the failure to act, on Executive's part shall be "willful" unless done,
or omitted to be done, not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the
action or omission was in the best interests of the Bank or its affiliates.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been
terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to him a
Notice of Termination which shall include a copy of a resolution duly adopted by
the affirmative vote of not less than three-fourths of the members of the Board
at a meeting of the Board called and held for that purpose (after reasonable
notice to Executive and an opportunity for him, together with counsel, to be
heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board,
Executive was guilty of conduct justifying Termination for Cause and specifying
the particulars thereof in detail. The Executive shall not have the right to
receive compensation or other benefits for any

                                       9

<PAGE>

period after Termination for Cause. During the period beginning on the date of
the Notice of Termination for Cause pursuant to Section 8 hereof through the
Date of Termination, stock options and related limited rights granted to
Executive under any stock option plan shall not be exercisable nor shall any
unvested awards granted to Executive under any stock benefit plan of the Bank,
the Holding Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, vest. At the Date of
Termination, such stock options and related limited rights and any such unvested
awards shall become null and void and shall not be exercisable by or delivered
to Executive at any time subsequent to such Termination for Cause.

8.   NOTICE.

     (a) Any purported termination by the Holding Company or by Executive shall
be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes
of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which
shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so
indicated.

     (b) "Date of Termination" shall mean the date specified in the Notice of
Termination (which, in the case of a Termination for Cause, shall not be less
than thirty (30) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given);
provided, however, that if a dispute regarding Executive's termination exists,
the "Date of Termination" shall be determined in accordance with Section 8(c) of
this Agreement.

     (c) If, within thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is given,
the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other party that a
dispute exists concerning the termination, except upon the occurrence of a
Change in Control and voluntary termination by the Executive in which case the
Date of Termination shall be the date specified in the Notice, the Date of
Termination shall be the date on which the dispute is finally determined, either
by mutual written agreement of the parties, by a binding arbitration award, or
by a final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction (the
time for appeal therefrom having expired and no appeal having been perfected)
and; provided, further, that the Date of Termination shall be extended by a
notice of dispute only if such notice is given in good faith and the party
giving such notice pursues the resolution of such dispute with reasonable
diligence. Notwithstanding the pendency of any such dispute, the Holding Company
will continue to pay Executive his full compensation in effect when the notice
giving rise to the dispute was given (including, but not limited to, Base
Salary) and continue him as a participant in all compensation, benefit and
insurance plans in which he was participating when the notice of dispute was
given, until the dispute is finally resolved in accordance with this Agreement.
Amounts paid under this Section are in addition to all other amounts due under
this Agreement and shall not be offset against or reduce any other amounts due
under this Agreement.

                                       10

<PAGE>

9.   POST-TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS.

     All payments and benefits to Executive under this Agreement shall be
subject to Executive's compliance with this Section 9 for one (1) full year
after the earlier of the expiration of this Agreement or termination of
Executive's employment with the Holding Company. Executive shall, upon
reasonable notice, furnish such information and assistance to the Holding
Company as may reasonably be required by the Holding Company in connection with
any litigation in which it or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is, or may
become, a party.

10.  NON-COMPETITION AND NON-DISCLOSURE.

     (a) Upon any termination of Executive's employment hereunder pursuant to
Section 4 hereof, Executive agrees not to compete with the Holding Company or
its Subsidiaries for a period of one (1) year following such termination in any
city, town or county in which the Executive's normal business office is located
and the Holding Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an office or has filed an
application for regulatory approval to establish an office, determined as of the
effective date of such termination, except as agreed to pursuant to a resolution
duly adopted by the Board. Executive agrees that during such period and within
said cities, towns and counties, Executive shall not work for or advise, consult
or otherwise serve with, directly or indirectly, any entity whose business
materially competes with the depository, lending or other business activities of
the Holding Company or its Subsidiaries. The parties hereto, recognizing that
irreparable injury will result to the Holding Company or its Subsidiaries, its
business and property in the event of Executive's breach of this Subsection
10(a) agree that in the event of any such breach by Executive, the Holding
Company or its Subsidiaries, will be entitled, in addition to any other remedies
and damages available, to an injunction to restrain the violation hereof by
Executive, Executive's partners, agents, servants, employees and all persons
acting for or under the direction of Executive. Executive represents and admits
that in the event of the termination of his employment pursuant to Section 7
hereof, Executive's experience and capabilities are such that Executive can
obtain employment in a business engaged in other lines and/or of a different
nature than the Holding Company or its Subsidiaries, and that the enforcement of
a remedy by way of injunction will not prevent Executive from earning a
livelihood. Nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the Holding Company
or its Subsidiaries from pursuing any other remedies available to the Holding
Company or its Subsidiaries for such breach or threatened breach, including the
recovery of damages from Executive.

     (b) Executive recognizes and acknowledges that the knowledge of the
business activities and plans for business activities of the Holding Company and
its Subsidiaries as it may exist from time to time, is a valuable, special and
unique asset of the business of the Holding Company and its Subsidiaries.
Executive will not, during or after the term of his employment, disclose any
knowledge of the past, present, planned or considered business activities of the
Holding Company and its Subsidiaries thereof to any person, firm, corporation,
or other entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever unless expressly authorized
by the Board of Directors or required by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Executive may disclose any knowledge of banking, financial and/or

                                       11

<PAGE>

economic principles, concepts or ideas which are not solely and exclusively
derived from the business plans and activities of the Holding Company. Further,
Executive may disclose information regarding the business activities of the Bank
or Holding Company to the Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York, the
New York Banking Department, OTS and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
("FDIC") pursuant to a formal regulatory request. In the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Executive of the provisions of this Section, the
Holding Company will be entitled to an injunction restraining Executive from
disclosing, in whole or in part, the knowledge of the past, present, planned or
considered business activities of the Holding Company or its Subsidiaries or
from rendering any services to any person, firm, corporation, other entity to
whom such knowledge, in whole or in part, has been disclosed or is threatened to
be disclosed. Nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the Holding
Company from pursuing any other remedies available to the Holding Company for
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from
Executive.

11.  SOURCE OF PAYMENTS.

     (a) All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or
check from the general funds of the Holding Company subject to Section 13
hereof.

     (b) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, to the extent
that payments and benefits, as provided by this Agreement, are paid to or
received by Executive under the Employment Agreement dated March 22, 1999,
between Executive and the Bank, such compensation payments and benefits paid by
the Bank will be subtracted from any amount due simultaneously to Executive
under similar provisions of this Agreement.

12.  EFFECT ON PRIOR AGREEMENTS AND EXISTING BENEFITS PLANS.

     This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto
and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Holding Company or any
predecessor of the Holding Company and Executive, except that this Agreement
shall not affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to
Executive of a kind elsewhere provided. No provision of this Agreement shall be
interpreted to mean that Executive is subject to receiving fewer benefits than
those available to him without reference to this Agreement.

13.  NO ATTACHMENT.

     (a) Except as required by law, no right to receive payments under this
Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation, alienation, sale,
assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge, or hypothecation, or to execution,
attachment, levy, or similar process or assignment by operation of law, and any
attempt, voluntary or involuntary, to affect any such action shall be null,
void, and of no effect.

                                       12

<PAGE>

     (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of,
Executive and the Holding Company and their respective successors and assigns.

14.  MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

     (a) This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument
in writing signed by the parties hereto.

     (b) No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any provision
of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged with such
waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver
unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as
to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of
such term or condition for the future as to any act other than that specifically
waived.

15.  SEVERABILITY.

     If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement, or any part of any
provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement or any part of such provision not held so invalid, and each
such other provision and part thereof shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.

16.  HEADINGS FOR REFERENCE ONLY.

     The headings of sections and paragraphs herein are included solely for
convenience of reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of
any of the provisions of this Agreement.

17.  GOVERNING LAW.

     This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
unless otherwise specified herein.

18.  ARBITRATION.

     Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this
Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, conducted before a panel
of three arbitrators sitting in a location selected by the Executive within
fifty (50) miles from the location of the Bank, in accordance with the rules of
the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on
the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction; provided, however, that
Executive shall be entitled to seek specific performance of his right to be paid
until the Date of Termination during the pendency of any dispute or controversy
arising under or in connection with this Agreement.

                                       13

<PAGE>

19.  PAYMENT OF COSTS AND LEGAL FEES AND REINSTATEMENT OF BENEFITS.

     In the event any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with
Executive's termination is resolved in favor of the Executive, whether by
judgment, arbitration or settlement, Executive shall be entitled to the payment
of: (1) all legal fees incurred by Executive in resolving such dispute or
controversy, and (2) any back-pay, including salary, bonuses and any other cash
compensation, fringe benefits and any compensation and benefits due Executive
under this Agreement.

20.  INDEMNIFICATION.

     During the term of this Agreement and for an additional period of seven
years thereafter, the Holding Company shall provide Executive (including his
heirs, executors and administrators) with coverage under a standard directors'
and officers' liability insurance policy at its expense, and shall indemnify,
hold harmless and defend Executive (and his heirs, executors and administrators)
to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against all expenses and
liabilities reasonably incurred by him in connection with or arising out of any
action, suit or proceeding in which he may be involved by reason of his having
been a director or officer of the Holding Company (whether or not he continues
to be a director or officer at the time of incurring such expenses or
liabilities), such expenses and liabilities to include, but not be limited to,
judgments, court costs and attorneys' fees and the cost of reasonable
settlements.

21.  SUCCESSOR TO THE HOLDING COMPANY.

     The Holding Company shall require any successor or assignee, whether direct
or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise, to all or
substantially all the business or assets of the Bank or the Holding Company,
expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Holding
Company's obligations under this Agreement, in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Holding Company would be required to perform if no such
succession or assignment had taken place.

                                       14

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Roslyn Bancorp, Inc. has caused this Agreement to be
executed and its seal to be affixed hereunto by its duly authorized officer and
its directors, and Executive has signed this Agreement on the 25th day of March,
1999.

ATTEST:                                    ROSLYN BANCORP, INC.


/s/ R. Patrick Quinn                       By: /s/ John R. Bransfield, Jr.
-------------------------------                -------------------------------
R. Patrick Quinn                                   John R. Bransfield, Jr.
Secretary                                          For the Board of Directors

                  [SEAL]


WITNESS:                                   EXECUTIVE


/s/ Denise Sterzel                         /s/ Joseph L. Mancino
----------------------------------         -----------------------------------
                                           Joseph L. Mancino

                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
