<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>emergent10k2002ex107.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

     AGREEMENT  dated  September 1, 2001, by and between PAULA FONG ("Fong") and
EMERGENT GROUP, INC. ("Emergent").

     WHEREAS, Fong has served as an unpaid advisor to Emergent for approximately
one year; and

     WHEREAS,  Emergent desires to utilize Fong's extensive business experience,
and to  acknowledge  Fong's  past  contributions,  the parties  hereby  agree as
follows:

1. Emergent agrees to employ Fong, and Fong agrees to act, as a consultant for
Emergent in the areas of business development, fund raising, strategic planning,
growth and potential acquisitions.

2. Fong agrees to make herself available upon reasonable notice for such
consultation to Emergent as may be reasonably requested by Emergent. Emergent
shall not be obligated to request Fong to provide services pursuant to this
Agreement, and Emergent shall not be required to provide Fong with an office.

3. This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall terminate on
August 31, 2003. This Agreement shall not be extended without the express
written agreement of the parties hereto.

4. In consideration for the services to be performed by Fong, Emergent agrees to
grant Fong options to purchase a total of 500,000 shares of Emergent common
stock at an exercise price of $.20 per share. Options to purchase 250,000 of the
shares shall vest and become exercisable on September 1, 2002, and options to
purchase 250,000 of the shares shall vest and become exercisable on September 1,
2003. All unexercised options shall expire on December 31, 2004. In connection
with the options defined above in this Section 4, the number of shares available
for purchase and the exercise price per share shall be adjusted to take into
consideration any and all share splits or reverse share splits.
<PAGE>
5. This Agreement may be terminated by Emergent for cause, and by Fong for any
reason at any time prior to August 31, 2003, upon 10 days written notice. In the
event of any termination pursuant to this paragraph, Fong shall forfeit all
options which have not vested and become exercisable. For purposes of this
paragraph, cause shall include:

     (a) conviction of any felony,  or a misdemeanor  involving moral turpitude;
or

     (b) any  material  breach of this  agreement,  if not cured  within 30 days
after written notice thereof.

6. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Agreement
shall be given in writing and shall be served either personally, by facsimile or
delivered by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, and
properly addressed as follows:
<PAGE>
         If to Emergent:

                  Medical Resources Management, Inc.
                  932 Grand Central Avenue
                  Glendale, California 91201
                  Attn:  Mark Waldron

         with a copy to:

                  Heller, Horowitz & Feit, P.C.
                  292 Madison Avenue
                  New York, New York 10017
                  Attn:  Martin Stein, Esq.

         If to Fong:

                  15375 Calle Corta
                  Hacienda Heights, California 91745
                  Att:  Paula Fong


         Notices shall be deemed received at the earliest of actual receipt,
confirmed facsimile or three (3) days following mailing.

7. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto
pertaining to the subject matter contained herein and supercedes all prior
agreements, representations, and understandings of the parties, whether oral or
written, regarding the subject matter of this agreement. In addition, Fong
acknowledges that Emergent, Daniel Yun or Mark Waldron have not made any
representations or promises to her and that she has not relied on any
representations or promises other than those set forth in this agreement.
Specifically, Fong disclaims the existence of, and any reliance by her upon, any
representations regarding any compensation by or equity interest in any entity
in which Daniel Yun or Mark Waldron are principals, or in which they may become
principals in the future, except as may be set forth expressly in this
agreement, or any other written agreement signed by them.
<PAGE>
8. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, canceled, or discharged
except by written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

9. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, and assigns, provided, however, that Fong may not
assign any or all of her rights or duties hereunder except following the prior
written consent of the Company.

10. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement.

11. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York. All disputes under this agreement shall be
resolved by arbitration, to be held under the auspices of the American
Arbitration Association in New York.

12. This Agreement is subject to, and shall not become effective prior to,
the approval of the board of directors of Emergent.

                                                  EMERGENT GROUP, INC.


                                          By: /s/ Mark W. Waldron, CEO



                                              /s/ Paula Fong





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
