<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a87366exv2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                              SHARE SALE AGREEMENT

SHARE SALE AGREEMENT made January 17, 2003

BETWEEN:

ASPEON INC of 16832 Redhill Ave. Irvine, CA 92606, United States of America
(formerly trading as JAVELIN SYSTEMS INC)

(the 'vendor');

AND

MATTHEW JAMES MALEY, an individual
(the 'purchaser').

RECITALS:

A.       The vendor is an American company which manufacturers and distributes
         electronic point of sale equipment and other technology based products
         and goods.

B.       JAVELIN SYSTEMS (ASIA PACIFIC) PTY LIMITED (ACN 082 092 742) (the
         "Company") is an Australian based subsidiary of the vendor and markets
         and sells the vendor's products and goods in the Asia Pacific region.

C.       The purchaser wishes to acquire ownership of the Sale Share in the
         Company so as to continue to develop the marketing and sales of the
         vendor's products in the Asia Pacific region.

D.       The vendor is the registered holder and beneficial owner of the Sale
         Share.

E.       Purchaser is a director and secretary of the Company and has, for
         approximately five (5) years preceding the date of this agreement, had
         primary responsibility for the supervision of the day to day operations
         of the Company and its business.

F.       The vendor wishes to sell to the purchaser and the purchaser wishes to
         buy from the vendor the Sale Share on the terms and conditions of this
         agreement.

G.       In addition to the mutual promises and exchanges contained in this
         agreement the vendor agrees to enter into a separate Distribution
         Agreement with the Company at Completion in substantially the form
         attached to this agreement as Exhibit A directed at the marketing,
         promotion and sale of the vendor's goods in the Asia Pacific region.

<PAGE>

THE PARTIES AGREE AND DECLARE AS FOLLOWS:

INTERPRETATION

         1.1      Definitions

                  In this agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

                  'Accounts Payable' has the meaning indicated in clause 2.4;

                  'Bank Guarantee' has the meaning indicated in clause 7.1;

                  'Business Day' means a day on which banks are open for banking
                  business in Australia;

                  'Company' means JAVELIN SYSTEMS (ASIA PACIFIC) PTY LIMITED
                  (ACN 082 092 742), whose corporate details are set out in
                  Schedule 1;

                  'Completion' means completion of the sale and purchase of the
                  Sale Share under clause 4;

                  'Distribution Agreement' means the Distribution Agreement
                  between the vendor and the Company in the form attached to
                  this agreement as Exhibit A.

                  'GST Law' has the same meaning as in A New Tax System (Goods
                  and Services Tax) Act 1999

                  'Instalment Payments' has the meaning indicated in clause 2.4;

                  'Loss or claim' means, in relation to any person, a damage,
                  loss, cost, expense or liability incurred by the person or a
                  claim, demand, action, proceeding or judgment made against the
                  person, however arising and whether present or future, fixed
                  or unascertained, actual or contingent;

                  'Purchase Price' means the consideration described in Schedule
                  7;

                  'Sale Share' means a single ordinary share in the Company;

                  'Warranty' means each of the warranties and representations
                  referred to in clause 5.1.

         1.2      General

                  In this agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

                  (a)      the singular includes the plural and vice versa;

                  (b)      a reference to an individual or person includes a
                           corporation, partnership, joint venture, association,
                           authority, trust, state or government and vice versa;

                  (c)      a reference to any gender includes all genders;

                  (d)      a reference to a recital, clause, schedule, annexure
                           or exhibit is to a recital, clause, schedule,
                           annexure, or exhibit of or to this agreement;

                  (e)      a recital, schedule, annexure or a description of the
                           parties forms part of

                                       2

<PAGE>

                           this agreement;

                  (f)      a reference to any agreement or document is to that
                           agreement or document (and, where applicable, any of
                           its provisions) as amended, novated, supplemented or
                           replaced from time to time;

                  (g)      a reference to any party to this agreement, or any
                           other document or arrangement, includes that party's
                           executors, administrators, substitutes, successors
                           and permitted assigns;

                  (h)      where an expression is defined, another part of
                           speech or grammatical form of that expression has a
                           corresponding meaning;

                  (i)      a reference to a bankruptcy or winding up includes
                           bankruptcy, winding up, liquidation, dissolution,
                           becoming an insolvent under administration (as
                           defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act), being
                           subject to administration and the occurrence of
                           anything analogous or having a substantially similar
                           effect to any of those conditions or matters under
                           the law of any applicable jurisdiction, and to the
                           procedures, circumstances and events which constitute
                           any of those conditions or matters;

                  (j)      where an expression is defined anywhere in this
                           agreement, it has the same meaning throughout;

                  (k)      a reference to 'dollars' or '$' is to an amount in
                           United States Dollars ;

                  (l)      a reference to a matter being 'to the knowledge' of a
                           person means that the matter is to the best of the
                           knowledge and belief of that person after making
                           reasonable enquires in the circumstances; and

                  (m)      a term or expression starting with a capital letter:

                           (i)      which is defined in clause 1.1 has the
                                    meaning given to it in clause 1.1;

                           (ii)     which is defined in the Corporations Act but
                                    is not defined in clause 1.1 has the same
                                    meaning as in the Corporations Act; and

                           (iii)    which is defined in the GST Law but is not
                                    defined in clause 1.1, has the same meaning
                                    as in the GST Law.

         1.3      Headings

                  In this agreement, headings are for convenience of reference
                  only and do not affect interpretation.

         1.4      Confidentiality

                  Where this agreement provides that a party must treat any
                  information confidentially, that party must not, and must
                  ensure that any person who receives the information by the
                  party's authority does not, until Completion:

                  (a)      disclose any of the information in any form to anyone
                           else; or

                  (b)      use any of the information except to:

                           (i)      acquire or check information in connection
                                    with this agreement and the transactions
                                    contemplated by it; or


                           (ii)     perform any of its obligations under this
                                    agreement or in relation to any of the
                                    transactions contemplated by it,

                  unless:

                  (c)      the person who provides the information has first
                           agreed in writing;

                  (d)      the information is disclosed to a professional
                           adviser, banker or financial adviser of the party or
                           to a person whose consent is required under this
                           agreement or for a transaction contemplated by it and
                           that person undertakes to the person who provides the
                           information:

                           (i)      not to disclose any of the information in
                                    any form to anyone else; and

                           (ii)     only to use the information for the purposes
                                    of advising the party or

                                       3

<PAGE>

                                    financing the party or considering
                                    whether to give that consent (as the case
                                    may be);

                  (e)      the law requires the disclosure or use; or

                  (f)      the information is available generally (but not if it
                           is because a person has contravened a confidentiality
                           obligation (including under this clause)).

                  If Completion does not occur on or before the completion date,
                  the party must return, and ensure that any person who receives
                  the information by the party's authority returns, the
                  information (in any form in which it is held) to the person
                  who provided the information. The obligations imposed by this
                  clause survive termination of this agreement.

AGREEMENT TO SELL AND BUY THE SALE SHARE

         2.1      Sale and purchase

                  Subject to clause 3, the vendor as beneficial owner sells to
                  the purchaser and the purchaser buys from the vendor, the Sale
                  Share (together with all benefits, rights and entitlements
                  accrued or attaching to the Sale Share) free from any security
                  or third party interest for the Purchase Price and otherwise
                  on the terms and conditions of this agreement.

         2.2      Purchase Price

                  The Purchase Price of the Sale Share is as described in
                  Schedule 7 of this agreement.

         2.3      Aged Payables

                  Vendor and purchaser agree that the total amount of the
                  Company's payables to vendor as of the completion date is set
                  out in Schedule 6 (the "Accounts Payable"). Purchaser will
                  cause the Company to pay the Accounts Payable to vendor in
                  monthly instalments of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10,000) each
                  until such time that the total Accounts Payable amount has
                  been paid to the vendor. Each such instalment must be paid by
                  the Company to the vendor on or before the last day of each
                  calendar month, commencing on January 31, 2003 (the
                  "Instalment Payments").

         2.4      Purchaser's Guarantee of Instalment Payments.

                  Purchaser irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the
                  vendor of the payment by the Company to vendor of all of the
                  Accounts Payable. Purchaser's guarantee under this clause 2.4
                  is a guarantee of performance and payment. Upon any breach or
                  default by the Company in the timely payment of any of the
                  Instalment Payments in accordance with clause 2.3, vendor may
                  proceed immediately against purchaser to obtain payment of
                  that Instalment Payment.

CONDITIONS

         3.1      Conditions precedent to Completion

                  The obligations of the parties to complete the sale and
                  purchase of the Sale Share do not become binding unless on or
                  before the completion date each of the conditions set out in
                  Schedule 4 is fulfilled (or waived under cl 3.3).

         3.2      Effect of non-fulfilment

                  If the conditions referred to in clause 3.1 are not fulfilled
                  (or waived under

                                       4

<PAGE>

                  clause 3.3) on or before the completion date, then this
                  agreement (other than this clause 3 and clause 1) is at an end
                  as to its future operation except for the enforcement of any
                  right or claim which arises on or has arisen before this
                  agreement comes to an end.

         3.3      Fulfilment by waiver

                  A condition referred to in clause 3.1 is waived if, and only
                  if:

                  (a)      where the condition is expressed to be for the
                           benefit of a particular party, that party gives
                           notice of waiver of the condition to the other party;
                           and

                  (b)      otherwise, the parties agree in writing to waive the
                           condition.

         3.4      Obligation to satisfy conditions

                  Where Schedule 4 specifies that a party must do an act in
                  relation to the fulfilment of a condition, the specified party
                  must do the specified act in accordance with Schedule 4 and,
                  in any event, the vendor and the purchaser must use their
                  respective best endeavours to ensure that the conditions
                  referred to in clause 3.1 are fulfilled on or before the
                  completion date.

         3.5      Extent of obligation to fulfil conditions

                  The obligation imposed on a party by clause 3.4 does not
                  require the party to waive any condition under clause 3.3.

COMPLETION

         4.1      Time and place of Completion

                  Completion is to occur on the completion date at such time and
                  place as is agreed in writing by the parties.

         4.2      Obligations of vendor at Completion

                  At Completion the vendor must:

                  (a)      deliver or cause to be delivered to the purchaser:

                           (i)      the share certificate in respect of the Sale
                                    Share or if the share certificate cannot be
                                    located, a written statutory declaration of
                                    that fact and an undertaking in writing to
                                    provide the share certificate to the Company
                                    if it is subsequently located;

                           (ii)     a completed transfer of the Sale Share
                                    naming as transferee the purchaser or its
                                    nominees duly executed by the vendor;

                           (iii)    a written and duly executed resignation as a
                                    director from Richard Stack;

                           (iv)     the revocation of all existing authorities
                                    to operate bank accounts and the appointment
                                    of the person nominated by the purchaser as
                                    signatories of the bank accounts;

                           (v)      a copy of the Distribution Agreement, duly
                                    executed by the vendor; and

                           (vi)     the common seal, certificate of
                                    incorporation and all company registers of
                                    the Company in the possession of vendor.

                                       5

<PAGE>

                  (b)      ensure that a meeting of the directors of the Company
                           is convened to:

                           (i)      approve registration of the purchaser as the
                                    holder of the Sale Share in the books of the
                                    Company, subject to the presentation of a
                                    duly executed and stamped transfer in
                                    respect of the Sale Share; and

                           (ii)     resolve to accept the resignation referred
                                    to in paragraph (a)(iii) and the revocation
                                    of existing authorities and appointments
                                    referred to in paragraph (a)(iv)

         4.3      Obligations of purchaser at Completion

                  At Completion the purchaser must:

                  (a)      pay all of the Purchase Price to the vendor or as the
                           vendor may direct by notice to the purchaser, by wire
                           transfer of immediately available funds to a bank
                           account designated by the vendor; and

                  (b)      deliver to the vendor a copy of the Distribution
                           Agreement, duly executed by purchaser.

         4.4      Vendor's obligations until registration

                  After Completion and until the Sale Share is registered in the
                  name of the purchaser and any nominee, the vendor must take
                  all action as registered holder of the Sale Share as the
                  purchaser may lawfully require from time to time by notice.

         4.5      Purchaser's obligation to register

                  The purchaser must ensure that registration of the transfer of
                  the Sale Share takes place as soon as possible after
                  Completion.

         4.6      Interdependence

                  The obligations of the vendor under clauses 4.2 and 4.3 are
                  interdependent.

         4.7      Title

                  On Completion unencumbered beneficial ownership in the Sale
                  Share will pass to the purchaser. After stamping of the
                  transfer in respect of the Sale Share and registration of the
                  purchaser as registered holder of the Sale Share, legal
                  ownership in the Sale Share will pass to the purchaser.

WARRANTIES

         5.1      Vendor's warranties

                  (a)      The vendor warrants and represents to the purchaser,
                  as an inducement to the purchaser to enter into this agreement
                  and to purchase the Sale Share, that, to the knowledge of the
                  vendor each of the statements set out in Schedule 5 is true,
                  complete and accurate, both at the date of this agreement and
                  at the completion date (except that where a Warranty refers to
                  only one of those dates, that Warranty is given only as at
                  that date). However, notwithstanding the foregoing or any
                  other provision of this agreement, in no event will vendor be
                  deemed to have breached any representation or Warranty, or be
                  responsible to indemnify purchaser with respect to any loss or
                  claim, to the extent that (a) the facts, events or
                  circumstances constituting such breach, or the existence of

                                       6

<PAGE>

                  such loss or claim, are known to the purchaser as of the date
                  of this agreement or the completion date; or (b) caused
                  directly or indirectly by any act or omission on the part of
                  the purchaser.

                  (b)      After Completion, purchaser must give notice in
                  writing to vendor of any breach of any of the warranties made
                  by vendor under this agreement as soon as practicable after
                  becoming aware thereof.

                  (c)      The purchaser acknowledges that no representations or
                  warranties in connection with the sale of the Sale Share or
                  the Company have been made by the vendor or anyone on behalf
                  of the vendor other than the warranties expressly stated in
                  this agreement.

         5.2      Vendor's indemnity

                  The vendor indemnifies the purchaser against any loss or claim
                  of or against the purchaser to the extent that the claim
                  arises from or is connected with any breach by the vendor of
                  any of the warranties or any other term of this agreement;
                  provided, however, that in no event will the vendor's
                  aggregate liability arising in any way under or in connection
                  with this agreement exceed an amount equal to the Purchase
                  Price.

         5.3      Duration of warranties

                  The warranties and the provisions of clauses 5.1, 5.2 and 5.5
                  remain in full force and are binding notwithstanding
                  Completion for a period of 2 years from the date of Completion
                  and, where before that date the purchaser gives the vendor
                  notice of a claim for a breach of a warranty, or the vendor
                  gives the purchaser notice of a claim for a breach of a
                  warranty, that warranty does not cease on that date and
                  continues after that date to the extent required to enable the
                  purchaser, or the vendor, as the case may be, to prosecute
                  that claim.

         5.4      Separate warranties

                  Each warranty is a separate warranty and representation and
                  its meaning is not affected by any other warranty.

         5.5      Purchaser's warranties

                  The purchaser warrants and represents to the vendor, as an
                  inducement to the vendor to enter into this agreement and to
                  sell the Sale Share, and it is a condition of this agreement
                  that, at the date of this agreement and at the completion
                  date:

                  (a)      the execution and delivery of this agreement has been
                           properly authorised by all necessary action of the
                           purchaser;

                  (b)      the purchaser has full power and lawful authority to
                           execute and deliver this agreement and to consummate
                           and perform or cause to be performed its obligations
                           under this agreement;

                  (c)      this agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
                           obligation on the purchaser enforceable in accordance
                           with its terms by appropriate legal remedy;

                  (d)      this agreement does not, and Completion will not,
                           conflict with or result in the breach of or default
                           under any provision of any material term or provision
                           of any agreement or deed or any writ, order or
                           injunction, judgment, law, rule or regulation to
                           which it is a party or a subject or by which it is
                           bound; and

                  (e)      there are no actions, claims, proceedings or
                           investigations pending or

                                       7

<PAGE>

                           threatened against it or to its knowledge by, against
                           or before any person which may have a material effect
                           on the sale and purchase of the Sale Share in
                           accordance with this agreement.

                  (f)      the purchaser agrees and covenants to assume full
                           liability for any employment, severance or long
                           service entitlements obligations arising in relation
                           to the Company's employees after the completion date.

         5.6      Purchaser's indemnity

                  The purchaser indemnifies the vendor against any loss or claim
                  of or against the vendor to the extent that the claim arises
                  from or is connected with any breach of any of the warranties
                  of purchaser or any other term of this agreement;

COSTS AND STAMP DUTY

         6.1      Costs generally

                  Each party must bear and is responsible for its own costs in
                  connection with the preparation, execution, Completion and
                  carrying into effect of this agreement.

         6.2      Stamp duty generally

                  The purchaser must bear and is responsible for all stamp duty
                  on or in respect of:

                  (a)      this agreement; and

                  (b)      the instruments of transfer referred to in clause 4.2
                           and any instrument or transaction contemplated by
                           this agreement.

GUARANTEES

         7.1      Release of Guarantee of Bank Debt

                  As soon as possible after the completion date, but in any
                  event within sixty (60) days after the date of this agreement,
                  purchaser will obtain, and deliver to vendor, a release, in
                  form and substance satisfactory to vendor, which will
                  completely and irrevocably release and discharge vendor from
                  any and all obligations and liabilities under and with respect
                  to that certain Deed of Guarantee (the "Bank Guarantee") in
                  favor of Commonwealth Bank of Australia CAN 123 123 124 (the
                  "Bank") previously executed by the vendor The release must be
                  executed by the Bank and each assignee of the Bank under the
                  Bank Guarantee, if any.

         7.2      Indemnification re Bank Guarantee

                  Purchaser will reimburse vendor and each of its present and
                  future officers, directors, employees, agents and shareholders
                  (individually an "Indemnified Party" and collectively the
                  "Indemnified Parties") for, and indemnify and hold the
                  Indemnified Parties harmless against, any and all losses,
                  liabilities, damages, amounts paid in settlement, demands,
                  penalties, fines, claims, suits, actions, judgments, and
                  causes of action, assessments, costs, and expenses (including,
                  without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, any and all
                  reasonable expenses incurred in investigating, preparing, and
                  defending against any litigation or administrative or judicial
                  proceeding) (collectively, "Damages"), asserted against,
                  resulting from, imposed upon, or incurred or suffered directly
                  or indirectly by, any Indemnified Party as a result of or

                                       8

<PAGE>

                  arising from or in connection with the Bank Guarantee.

NOTICES

         8.1      Method of giving notices

                  A notice, consent, approval or other communication (each a
                  'notice') under this agreement must be signed by or on behalf
                  of the person giving it, addressed to the person to whom it is
                  to be given and:

                  (a)      delivered to that person's address;

                  (b)      sent by pre-paid mail to that person's address; or

                  (c)      transmitted by facsimile to that person's address.

         8.2      Time of receipt

                  A notice given to a person in accordance with this clause is
                  treated as having been given and received:

                  (a)      if delivered to a person's address, on the day of
                           delivery if a Business Day, otherwise on the next
                           Business Day;

                  (b)      if sent by pre-paid mail, on the fifth Business Day
                           after posting; or

                  (c)      if transmitted by facsimile to a person's address and
                           a correct and complete transmission report is
                           received, on the day of transmission if a Business
                           Day, otherwise on the next Business Day.

         8.3      Address of parties

                  For the purposes of this clause the address of a person is the
                  address set out below or another address of which that person
                  may from time to time give notice to each other person:

                  THE VENDOR:

                  Address:          ASPEON Inc.
                                    Aspeon Irvine Office
                                    16832 Redhill Ave.
                                    Irvine, CA 92606
                                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

                  Facsimile:        + 1 949 440 8087

                  Attention:        Mr. Richard Stack - CEO

                  THE PURCHASER:

                  Address:          Mr. Matt Maley
                                     c/o Javelin Systems Asia Pacific Pty Ltd
                                     Unit 4/ 21 Chester Street
                                     Camperdown, NSW, 2050
                                     AUSTRALIA

                  Facsimile:        + 61 2 9565 5151

GENERAL

         9.1      Amendment

                  This agreement may only be amended or supplemented in writing,
                  signed by the parties.

         9.2      Waiver

                                       9

<PAGE>

                  The non-exercise of or delay in exercising any power or right
                  of a party does not operate as a waiver of that power or
                  right, nor does any single exercise of a power or right
                  preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise
                  of any other power or right. A power or right may only be
                  waived in writing, signed by the party to be bound by the
                  waiver.

         9.3      Entire agreement

                  This agreement is the entire agreement of the parties on the
                  subject matter. The only enforceable obligations and
                  liabilities of the parties in relation to the subject matter
                  are those that arise out of the provisions contained in this
                  agreement. All representations, communications and prior
                  agreements in relation to the subject matter are merged in and
                  superseded by this agreement.

         9.4      Severability

                  Any provision in this agreement which is invalid or
                  unenforceable in any jurisdiction is to be read down for the
                  purposes of that jurisdiction, if possible, so as to be valid
                  and enforceable, and is otherwise capable of being severed to
                  the extent of the invalidity or unenforceability, without
                  affecting the remaining provisions of this agreement or
                  affecting the validity or enforceability of that provision in
                  any other jurisdiction.

         9.5      Assignment

                  No party may assign or transfer any of its rights or
                  obligations under this agreement without the prior consent in
                  writing of all the other parties.

         9.6      No merger

                  No provision of this agreement:

                  (a)      merges on or by virtue of Completion; or

                  (b)      is in any way modified, discharged or prejudiced by
                           reason of any of the conditions specified in clause
                           3.2 being waived.

         9.7      Further assurance

                  Each party must do, sign, execute and deliver and must ensure
                  that each of its employees and agents does, signs, executes
                  and delivers, all deeds, documents, instruments and acts
                  reasonably required of it or them by notice from another party
                  to effectively carry out and give full effect to this
                  agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties under
                  it, both before and after Completion.

         9.8      Counterparts

                  This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
                  and all of those counterparts taken together constitute one
                  and the same instrument.

         9.9      Attorneys

                  Each attorney who executes this agreement on behalf of a party
                  declares that the attorney has no notice of the revocation or
                  suspension by the grantor or in any manner of the power of
                  attorney under the authority of which the attorney executes
                  this agreement and has no notice of the death of the grantor.

         9.10     Confidentiality

                  Each party must treat the existence and terms of this
                  agreement

                                       10

<PAGE>

                  confidentially and no announcement or communication relating
                  to the negotiations of the parties or the existence, subject
                  matter or terms of this agreement may be made or authorised by
                  a party unless the other parties have first given their
                  written approval; provided, however, that the vendor may,
                  without purchaser's approval, make such public announcement of
                  the existence and terms of this agreement as the vendor
                  determines is necessary or advisable under applicable United
                  States securities laws.

LAW AND JURISDICTION

         10.1     Governing law

                  This agreement is governed by the law in force in New South
                  Wales, Australia.

         10.2     Submission to jurisdiction

                  The parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
                  courts of New South Wales and any courts which may hear
                  appeals from those courts in respect of any proceedings in
                  connection with this agreement.

ACCESS TO BOOKS AND RECORDS

         11.1     Access to books and records

                  The vendor shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice
                  to purchaser, to have access to the Company's books and
                  records during the Company's normal business hours, and the
                  right to make copies of the same, for the purpose of enabling
                  the vendor to prepare tax returns and any other proper
                  purpose. In the event that the Company decides to destroy any
                  of its books and records within eight years following the date
                  of this agreement, purchaser shall notify the vendor of that
                  intent not less than thirty days prior to such destruction,
                  identifying in reasonable detail the books and records to be
                  destroyed. If requested to do so by the vendor, the purchaser
                  will cause the Company, in lieu of destroying such books and
                  records, to transfer possession of the same to the vendor.

GST

         12.1     Consideration exclusive of GST

                  Any consideration or payment obligation in this deed is
                  exclusive of GST unless stated otherwise.

         12.2     Monetary Consideration

                  (a)      This clause 12.2 applies if a Supply made under, in
                  connection with, or contemplated by this agreement is a
                  Taxable Supply.

                  (b)      If this clause 12.2 applies, the Consideration for
                  the Supply is increased by an additional amount equal to the
                  amount of that Consideration multiplied by the relevant GST
                  rate.

                  (c)      The additional amount under paragraph (b) is payable
                  at the same time and in the same manner as any Consideration
                  for the Supply to which the additional amount relates.

         12.3     Tax Invoice

                                       11

<PAGE>

                  A party who makes a Taxable Supply under, in connection with,
                  or contemplated by this deed, must give the party providing
                  the Consideration for the Taxable Supply, a Tax Invoice within
                  10 Business Days after the end of the month in which any
                  Consideration is paid, or an Invoice issued in relation to
                  that Taxable Supply, whichever occurs first.

         12.4     Payments

                  Unless otherwise stated in this deed, the following principles
                  apply when determining the amount of a payment under this
                  deed:

                  (a)      if a party is entitled under this deed to be
                  reimbursed or indemnified by another party for an expense,
                  claim, loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with
                  this deed, the reimbursement or indemnity payment must not
                  include any GST component of the expense, claim, loss,
                  liability or cost for which an Input Tax Credit may be
                  claimed; and

                  (b)      if a party sets off an amount under this deed, the
                  same principles apply to calculate the amount to be set-off,
                  as if the amount had been paid in accordance with paragraph
                  (a).

         12.5     Adjustment Event

                  If an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Supply made
                  under, in connection with, or contemplated by this deed, the
                  parties must do all things necessary to make sure that the
                  Adjustment Event may be properly accounted for, including:

                  (a)      where appropriate, the party making that Supply must
                  provide a refund or credit to or will be entitled to receive a
                  further amount from the party providing the Consideration for
                  that Supply; and

                  (b)      the issue of an Adjustment Note within 10 Business
                  Days after the end of the month in which the Adjustment Event
                  occurs.

         12.6     Definitions

                  Capitalised terms in this clause 12 have the respective
                  meanings ascribed to those terms by the GST Law.

                                       12
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 1
                                  (Clause 1.1)

                                   THE COMPANY

NAME:  JAVELIN SYSTEMS (ASIA PACIFIC) PTY LIMITED

PLACE OF INCORPORATION: NEW SOUTH WALES

DATE OF INCORPORATION: 25 March 1998

AUSTRALIAN COMPANY NUMBER: 082 092 742

ISSUED CAPITAL: 1 Ordinary Share

DIRECTORS: MATTHEW JAMES MALEY, RICHARD STACK,

SECRETARIES: MATTHEW JAMES MALEY, PHILLIP ANTHONY WILD

                                   SCHEDULE 2
                             [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

                                       13

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 3

                             [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

                                   SCHEDULE 4
                                   (Clause 3)

                                   CONDITIONS

Conditions for the benefit of all parties:

Confirmation of resignation of Richard Stack as a Director of the Company

Delivery of the share certificate for the Sale Share, or if the share
certificate cannot be located, a written statutory declaration of that fact and
an undertaking in writing to provide the share certificate to the Company if it
is subsequently located

Delivery of executed share transfer form for the Sale Share

Production of minute of directors meeting authorising transfer of share from
vendor to purchaser.

Conditions for the benefit of the vendor:

Payment of the Purchase Price for the share capital of Eighty Thousand United
States Dollars (US$80,000) at Completion.

                                   SCHEDULE 5
                                  (Clause 5.1)

                               VENDOR'S WARRANTIES

1.       The vendor

1.1      The vendor is duly incorporated and validly exists under the law of its
         place of incorporation.

1.2      The vendor has full corporate power and authority to own the Sale
         Share.

1.3      The vendor is not insolvent and no receiver has been appointed over any
         part of its assets and no such appointment has been threatened.

1.4      The vendor is not in liquidation or administration and no proceedings
         have been

                                       14

<PAGE>

         brought or threatened or procedure commenced for the purpose of winding
         up the vendor or placing it under administration.

2.       Due authorisations

2.1      The execution and delivery of this agreement has been properly
         authorised by all necessary corporate action of the vendor.

2.2      The vendor has full corporate power and lawful authority to execute and
         deliver this agreement and to consummate and perform or cause to be
         performed its obligations under this agreement.

2.3      This agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
         vendor enforceable in accordance with its terms by appropriate legal
         remedy.

2.4      This agreement and Completion do not conflict with or result in a
         breach of or default under any provision of the certificate of
         incorporation of the vendor or any material term or provision of any
         agreement or deed or any writ, order or injunction, judgment, law, rule
         or regulation to which it is a party or is subject or by which it is
         bound.

3.       The Sale Share

3.1      The Sale Share:

         (a)      is the only issued share in the capital of the Company; and

         (b)      has been allotted and fully paid up.

3.2      There are no agreements, arrangements or understandings in force or
         securities issued which call for the present or future issue of, or
         grant to any person the right to require the issue of, any shares or
         other securities in the Company.

4.       Compliance with law and absence of litigation

4.1      There is no claim, action, proceeding or demand which may give rise to
         litigation involving the vendor (in relation to the Sale Share).

4.2      There is no unsatisfied judgment, order, arbitral award or decision of
         any court, tribunal or arbitrator against the vendor.

4.3      There is no outstanding claim, action, proceeding or demand current,
         pending or threatened, in respect of the vendor in relation to the Sale
         Share.

4.4      The vendor is not a party to any contract, agreement, arrangement or
         understanding which is in breach of any applicable trade practices
         legislation in relation to the Sale Share nor does the vendor engage in
         any conduct or practice which is in breach of that legislation in
         relation to the Sale Share.

                                       15

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 6

                                 (Clause 2.4)

                                ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

                           [OMITTED FROM THIS FILING]

                                       16

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 7

                                 PURCHASE PRICE

         The Purchase Price for the share capital in Javelin Systems (Asia
Pacific) Pty Ltd is the sum of Eighty Thousand United States Dollars
(US$80,000), payable at Completion.

                                       17

<PAGE>

EXECUTED as an agreement.

Executed for and on behalf of
ASPEON INC BY:

/s/ RICHARD STACK                      -----------------------------------------
Signature of Director/Secretary         Signature of Director/Secretary
-----------------------------------    -----------------------------------------
Name of Director/Secretary              Name of Director/Secretary
-----------------------------------    -----------------------------------------

Executed by
MATTHEW JAMES MALEY in the presence of:

                                       /s/ MATTHEW JAMES MAELY
----------------------------------     ---------------------------
Signature of witness                       Signature of Matthew James Maley

                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
