<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex107.txt
<DESCRIPTION>KEY EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN ENTERPRISE AND KEVIN C. EICHNER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

                       ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP.
                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

        THIS AGREEMENT, is made by and between KEVIN C. EICHNER (the
"Executive") and ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), effective as of July 1, 2002 (the "Effective Date").

        WITNESSETH:

        WHEREAS, Executive desires to be employed by the Company, and the
Company desires to employ Executive, on the terms, covenants and conditions
hereinafter set forth in this Agreement.

        NOW, THEREFORE, for the reasons set forth above, and in consideration of
the mutual promises and agreements herein set forth, the Company and Executive
agree as follows:

        1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, the Company hereby employs Executive for the Contract Term as
hereafter defined. During the Contract Term, Executive shall serve as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall have such duties
and responsibilities as are customarily assigned to individuals serving in such
position and such other duties as the Board of Directors (the "Board") may from
time to time specify consistent with such corporate office and position.
Executive shall comply with all polices and procedures of the Company generally
applicable to executive employees of the Company and to the extent consistent
with the provisions of this Agreement. The duties and responsibilities Executive
is to perform hereunder shall be conducted primarily from the St. Louis,
Missouri metropolitan area where the principal offices of the Company are
located. Executive may be required from time to time to perform his duties
hereunder on an occasional basis at such other places as the Board shall
designate or as the interests or business opportunities of the Company may
require; provided, however, that without Executive's consent, the Executive
shall not be required to relocate his residence from the St. Louis, Missouri
metropolitan area. Executive hereby accepts such employment and agrees to serve
the Company in such capacities for the term of this Agreement.

        2. Term of Employment. Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of
this Agreement shall be for three years commencing on the Effective Date and
ending on June 30, 2005 (the "Contract Term"). The Contract Term may be extended
by mutual written agreement of Executive and the Company upon such terms,
provisions and conditions which are mutually acceptable to Executive and the
Company. Notwithstanding any expiration of this Agreement at the end of the
Contract Term, to the extent that Executive remains an employee of the Company
thereafter, unless the parties otherwise agree in writing, (i) the obligations
of the Company under sections 4, 6 and 11 of this Agreement shall remain
applicable and (ii) the obligations of Executive under sections 7, 8 and 9 of
this Agreement shall remain applicable. The term during which Executive is an
employee of the Company, including any period of employment following the
Contract Term, is referred to as the "Employment Term."

        3. Devotion to Duties. Executive agrees that during the Employment Term
he will devote all of his skill, knowledge, commercial efforts and working time
to the conscientious and faithful performance of his duties and responsibilities
to the Company (except for (i) permitted vacation time and absence for sickness
or similar disability and (ii) to the extent that it does not interfere with the
performance of Executive's duties hereunder: (A) such reasonable time as may be
devoted to the fulfillment of Executive's civic and charitable activities and
(B) such reasonable time as may be necessary from time to time for personal
financial matters). Executive will use his best good faith efforts to promote
the success of the Company's business and will cooperate fully with the Board in
the advancement of the best interests of the Company. Executive will agree to
serve as a director of the Company, or as a director or officer of any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates, without additional compensation.

        4. Compensation of Executive.

                4.a Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall
        pay to the Executive as compensation for the services to be performed by
        the Executive a base salary of $300,000 per year (the "Base Salary").
        The Base Salary shall be payable in installments in accordance with the
        Company's normal payroll practice and shall be subject to such
        withholdings and other ordinary employee withholdings as may be required
        by law. The Base Salary may be adjusted from time to time in the sole
        discretion of the Board, but shall not be reduced without the consent of
        Executive.

                4.b Targeted Bonus. In addition to the compensation set forth
        elsewhere in this Section 4, for each year or portion thereof during the
        Employment Term and any extensions thereof, the Executive shall qualify
        for a targeted annualized bonus ("Targeted Bonus") based upon meeting
        established targeted goals such that with his Base Salary and Targeted
        Bonus Executive will have the opportunity to earn at least $600,000 per
        year. No later than the Company's January Board meeting, the Company and
        Executive shall

                                       78

<PAGE>


        agree upon certain targeted financial and operating goals ("Targets")
        for that calendar year which may include Company specific goals such as
        consolidated return on equity, asset quality and performance of the
        Company's wealth management services. The established Targets shall be
        consistent with the financial plan for the Company as adopted by the
        Company's Board. Within 75 days after the end of each calendar year, the
        Board (or a committee of the Board to which the Board has delegated such
        authority) shall make a good faith determination as to the extent to
        which the Targets have been met by the Company for the preceding
        calendar year. If the Targets have been met, then Executive shall
        receive a Targeted Bonus for such preceding year up to a maximum of
        $300,000 for calendar 2003 and in subsequent years such amounts as the
        Board may determine, subject to the aforementioned condition that the
        sum of annual base compensation plus Targeted Bonus for the year is at
        least $600,000. In the event that the established Targets are exceeded,
        then Executive shall be entitled to receive additional bonus amounts
        above the Targeted Bonus pursuant to the previously determined formula
        applicable to that year. If the Board (or such committee of the Board)
        determines that the Targets have not been fully met, but minimum
        thresholds as may be established by the Board (or such committee) have
        been met, the Board (or such committee) shall make a good faith
        determination as to the extent that the Targets have been met and
        determine the amount of such Targeted Bonus to be awarded to the
        Executive based proportionately upon the extent to which the Targets are
        determined to have been met. Executive shall also be eligible to receive
        such other bonuses or incentive payments as may be approved by the Board
        of Directors. Without limiting the foregoing, Executive shall be
        entitled to receive a draw against such annual Targeted Bonus at the
        rate of $15,000 per month (subject to such withholdings as may be
        required by law) and the Company agrees that for all periods ending on
        or prior to December 31, 2002, no part of such draw shall be refundable
        regardless of the extent to which the Targets have been achieved by the
        Company. After December 31, 2002, the Board may from time to time
        eliminate, reduce or increase the draw against the annual Targeted Bonus
        based upon the Board's determination in its sole discretion as to the
        progress or lack of progress in achieving the Targets for the applicable
        fiscal year of the Company.

                4.c Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate, during
        the Employment Term, in all regular employee benefit and deferred
        compensation plans established by each of Enterprise Bank (to the extent
        such participation is not restricted by the Internal Revenue Code of
        1986 (the "Code")) and the Company, including, without limitation, any
        savings and profit sharing plan, incentive stock plan, dental and
        medical plans, life insurance and disability insurance, such
        participation to be as provided in said employee benefit plans in
        accordance with the terms and conditions thereof as in effect from time
        to time and subject to any applicable waiting period. Executive shall
        also be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation during each year of the
        Employment Term, provided that any vacation not used in any year shall
        be forfeited and not carried over to any subsequent year. In addition to
        the foregoing benefits, the Company agrees (i) to provide during the
        Employment Term aggregate term insurance on Executive's life equal to
        $1,000,000 payable to a beneficiary designated by Executive, provided
        that Executive qualifies for such coverage at normal published premium
        rates, and (ii) to provide (or reimburse Executive with respect to)
        supplemental disability income insurance such that the total combined
        disability income coverage available to employee from the Company and
        under policies maintained by Executive on which the Company reimburses
        Executive for the premiums is equal to $25,000 per month until
        Executive's 65th birthday. Executive agrees that the cost of the
        foregoing supplemental insurance benefits shall constitute taxable
        benefits and be subject to such withholding taxes as may be required by
        law.

                4.d Office and Secretary. Executive will have a private office,
        secretarial assistance, administrative support, and such other
        facilities and services as the Company deems necessary or appropriate
        for the performance of the Executive's duties under this Agreement.

                4.e Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company will provide for the
        payment or reimbursement of all reasonable and necessary expenses
        incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of his
        duties under this Agreement in accordance with the Company's expense
        reimbursement policy, as such may change from time to time. Without
        limiting the foregoing, the Company further agrees during the Employment
        Term (i) to reimburse Executive for monthly automobile expense by means
        of a $500 per month automobile allowance; (ii) to reimburse Executive
        for dues and assessments in respect of club memberships maintained by
        Executive up to a maximum of $7,500 per year; and (iii) that all air
        travel required of Executive shall be at no less than "Business Class"
        or its equivalent, if available. In addition, the Executive shall be
        entitled to receive reimbursement for up to $5,000 in legal expenses
        incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this
        Agreement.

                4.f Stock Options and Long-Term Incentives. Effective as of the
        Effective Date, Executive was granted ten-year non-qualified options to
        acquire 82,905 shares of the common stock of the Company at a per-share
        exercise price of $9.30 pursuant to the terms of the Company's 2002
        Stock Incentive Plan. Such options shall vest and become exercisable at
        the rate of 27,635 shares on June 30 of each of 2003, 2004 and 2005,
        provided that Executive remains continuously employed by the Company
        through such dates. Executive shall also be eligible for additional
        option grants annually as determined by the Board, under the

                                       79

<PAGE>

        terms of the Company's 2002 Stock Incentive Plan as adopted and/or
        amended by the Company from time to time. In the event that the Company
        adopts a long-term incentive compensation program, either to supplement
        or replace option awards, Executive shall be entitled to participate
        therein on a similar basis.

        5. Termination of Employment.

                5.a Termination for Cause. "Termination for Cause", as
        hereinafter defined, may be effected by the Company at any time during
        the term of this Agreement by written notification to Executive,
        specifying in detail the basis for the Termination for Cause. Upon
        Termination for Cause, Executive shall immediately be paid all accrued
        salary, bonus compensation to the extent earned, vested deferred
        compensation, if any, (other than pension plan or profit sharing plan
        benefits which will be paid in accordance with the terms of the
        applicable plan), any benefits under any plans of the Company in which
        the Executive is a participant to the full extent of the Executive's
        rights under such plans, accrued vacation pay for the year in which
        termination occurs, and any appropriate business expenses incurred by
        Executive reimbursable by the Company in connection with his duties
        hereunder, all to the date of termination, but Executive shall not be
        paid any other compensation or reimbursement of any kind, including
        without limitation, severance compensation. "Termination for Cause"
        shall mean termination by the Company of Executive's employment by the
        Company by reason of (a) an order of any federal or state regulatory
        authority having jurisdiction over the Company, (b) the willful failure
        of Executive substantially to perform his duties hereunder (other than
        any such failure due to Executive's physical or mental illness); (c) a
        willful breach by Executive of any material provision of this Agreement
        or of any other written agreement with the Company or any of its
        Affiliates; (d) Executive's commission of a crime that constitutes a
        felony or other crime of moral turpitude or criminal fraud; or (e)
        chemical or alcohol dependency which materially and adversely affects
        Executive's performance of his duties under this Agreement; (f) any act
        of disloyalty or breach of responsibilities to the Company by the
        Executive which is intended by the Executive to cause material harm to
        the Company; (e) misappropriation (or attempted misappropriation) of any
        of the Company's funds or property. If subsequent to Executive's
        termination of employment hereunder for other than Cause it is
        determined in good faith by the Company that Executive's employment
        could have been terminated for Cause hereunder, Executive's employment
        shall be deemed to have been terminated for Cause retroactively to the
        date the events giving rise to Cause occurred.

                5.b Termination Other Than for Cause. Notwithstanding any other
        provisions of this Agreement, the Company may effect a "Termination
        Other Than For Cause", as hereinafter defined, at any time upon giving
        written notice to Executive of such termination. Upon any Termination
        Other Than for Cause, subject to the effectiveness of Executive's
        execution of a release and waiver of all claims with respect to
        Executive's employment against the Company its Affiliates and their
        respective officers and directors in a form reasonably satisfactory to
        the Company other than rights under this Section 5.2 and subject to
        Executive's compliance with the terms and conditions contained in this
        Agreement, Executive shall within 30 days after such termination be paid
        all accrued salary, bonus compensation to the extent earned, vested
        deferred compensation (other than pension plan or profit sharing plan
        benefits which will be paid in accordance with the applicable plan),
        accrued vacation pay for the year in which termination occurs, any
        benefits under any plans of the Company in which Executive is a
        participant to the full extent of Executive's rights under such plans,
        and any appropriate business expenses incurred by Executive in
        connection with his duties hereunder, all to the date of termination,
        and all severance compensation provided in subsection 6.2. In addition,
        subject to the conditions set forth above, upon such termination of
        employment, all stock options granted to Executive shall become fully
        vested and exercisable and all restricted common stock granted to
        Executive shall fully vest and become transferable. "Termination Other
        Than for Cause" shall mean any termination by the Company of Executive's
        employment with the Company other than a termination pursuant to
        subsection 5.1, 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 or 5.6, or termination by Executive of
        Executive's employment with the Company by reason of (i) the Company's
        material breach of this Agreement, (ii) the assignment of Executive
        without his consent to a position, responsibilities or duties of a
        materially lesser status or degree of responsibility than his position,
        responsibilities or duties as of the Effective Date, (iii) the
        requirement by the Company that Executive be based anywhere other than
        the St. Louis, Missouri metropolitan area, without Executive's consent
        or (iv) the failure of Executive to be reelected to the Board by its
        stockholders or the failure of the Board to re-nominate him for
        reelection without Executive's consent.

                5.c Termination by Reason of Disability. If, during the term of
        this Agreement, the Executive, in the reasonable judgment of the Board
        of Directors, (i) has failed to perform his duties under this Agreement
        on account of illness or physical or mental incapacity, (ii) such
        illness or incapacity continues for a period of more than 90 consecutive
        days, or 90 days during any 180 day period, and (iii) Executive is
        entitled to receive disability income benefit payments under the
        disability insurance policy maintained by the Company pursuant to
        Section 4.3 of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to
        terminate Executive's employment hereunder by written notification to
        Executive and payment to Executive of all accrued salary, bonus
        compensation to the extent earned, vested deferred compensation, if any,
        (other than

                                       80

<PAGE>

        pension plan or profit sharing plan benefits which will be paid in
        accordance with the applicable plans), accrued vacation pay for the year
        in which termination occurs, any benefits under any plans of the Company
        in which Executive is a participant to the full extent of Executive's
        rights under such plans, and any appropriate business expenses incurred
        by Executive in connection with his duties hereunder, all to the date of
        termination, but Executive shall not be paid any other compensation or
        reimbursement of any kind, including without limitation, severance
        compensation.

                5.d Death. In the event of Executive's death during the term of
        this Agreement, Executive's employment shall be deemed to have
        terminated as of the last day of the month during which his death occurs
        and the Company shall pay to his estate or such beneficiaries as
        Executive may from time to time designate all accrued salary, bonus
        compensation to the extent earned, vested deferred compensation (other
        than pension plan or profit sharing plan benefits which will be paid in
        accordance with the applicable plan), any benefits under any plans of
        the Company in which Executive is a participant to the full extent of
        Executive's rights under such plans, accrued vacation pay for the year
        in which termination occurs, and any appropriate business expenses
        incurred by Executive in connection with his duties hereunder, all to
        the date of termination, but Executive's estate shall not be paid any
        other compensation or reimbursement of any kind, including without
        limitation, severance compensation.

                5.e Voluntary Termination. In the event of a "Voluntary
        Termination," as hereinafter defined, provided that the Executive
        provides the Company with at least 90 days notice of such termination
        (which notice and any requirement for service may be waived or shortened
        by the Company), the Company shall within 30 days after such termination
        pay all accrued salary, bonus compensation to the extent earned, vested
        deferred compensation, if any, (other than pension plan or profit
        sharing plan benefits which will be paid in accordance with the
        applicable plans), any benefits under any plans of the Company in which
        Executive is a participant to the full extent of Executive's rights
        under such plans, accrued vacation pay for the year in which termination
        occurs, and any appropriate business expenses incurred by Executive in
        connection with his duties hereunder, all to the date of termination,
        but no other compensation or reimbursement of any kind, including
        without limitation, severance compensation. "Voluntary Termination"
        shall mean termination by Executive of Executive's employment other than
        (i) constructive termination as described in paragraphs (i) through (ii)
        of subsection 5.2, (ii) termination by reason of Executive's disability
        as described in subsection 5.3, (iii) termination by reason of
        Executive's death as described in subsection 5.4, and (iv) Termination
        Upon a Change in Control as described in subsection 5.6.

                5.f Termination Upon a Change in Control. In the event of a
        "Termination Upon a Change in Control," as hereinafter defined,
        Executive shall immediately be paid all accrued salary, bonus
        compensation to the extent earned, vested deferred compensation, if any,
        (other than pension plan or profit sharing plan benefits which will be
        paid in accordance with the applicable plans), any benefits under any
        plans of the Company in which Executive is a participant to the full
        extent of Executive's rights under such plans, vacation pay for the year
        in which termination occurs, and any appropriate business expenses
        incurred by Executive in connection with his duties hereunder, all to
        the date of termination, and all severance compensation provided in
        subsection 6.1. "Termination Upon a Change in Control" shall mean a
        termination by the Company (other than a Termination for Cause) or by
        Executive, in either case within one year following a "Change in
        Control" as hereinafter defined. "Change in Control" shall mean the date
        on which any of the following has occurred:

                (a)     any individual, entity or group (a "Person"), other than
                one or more of the Company's directors on the Effective Date of
                this Agreement or any Person that any such director controls,
                becomes the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the combined
                voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the
                Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
                of the Company (the "Company Outstanding Voting Securities");

                (b)     any Person becomes the beneficial owner of 50% or more
                of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
                securities of Enterprise Bank entitled to vote generally in the
                election of directors of Enterprise Bank ("Bank Outstanding
                Voting Securities");

                (c)     consummation of a reorganization, merger or
                consolidation (a "Business Combination") of the Company, unless,
                in each case, following such Business Combination (i) all or
                substantially all of the Persons who were the beneficial owners,
                respectively, of the Company Outstanding Voting Securities
                immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own,
                directly or indirectly, more than a majority of the combined
                voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled
                to vote generally in the election of directors of the company
                resulting from such Business Combination, (ii) no Person
                (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination)
                beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the
                combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities
                entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the
                company resulting from such Business Combination except to the
                extent such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination,
                and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the Board of
                Directors of the company resulting from the Business Combination
                are Continuing Directors (as hereinafter

                                       81

<PAGE>

                defined) at the time of the execution of the definitive
                agreement, or the action of the Board, providing for such
                Business Combination;

                (d)     consummation of the sale, other than in the ordinary
                course of business, of more than 50% of the combined assets of
                the Company and its subsidiaries in a transaction or series of
                related transactions during the course of any twelve-month
                period;

                (e)     the date on which Continuing Directors (as hereinafter
                defined) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
                of the Board of Directors of the Company; or

                (f)     the failure of Executive to be reelected to the Board by
                its stockholders or the failure of the Board to re-nominate him
                for reelection without Executive's consent.

        As used in this Section 5.6, the definitions of the terms "beneficial
        owner" and "group" shall have the meanings ascribed to those terms in
        Rule 13(d)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As used in this
        Section 5.6, the term "Continuing Directors" shall mean, as of any date
        of determination, (i) any member of the Board of Directors on the
        Effective Date of this Agreement, (ii) any person who has been a member
        of the Board of Directors for the two years immediately preceding such
        date of determination, or (iii) any person who was nominated for
        election or elected to the Board of Directors with the affirmative vote
        of the greater of (A) a majority of the Continuing Directors who were
        members of the Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or
        election or (B) at least four Continuing Directors but excluding, for
        purposes of this clause (iii), any such individual whose initial
        assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened
        election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or
        other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of a
        Person other than the Board of Directors of the Company. "Control" means
        the direct or indirect ownership of voting securities constituting more
        than fifty percent (50%) of the issued voting securities of a
        corporation.

                5.g Resignation Upon Termination. Effective upon any termination
        under this Section 5 or otherwise, Executive shall automatically and
        without taking any further actions be deemed to have resigned from all
        positions then held by him with the Company and all of its Affiliates.

        6. Severance Compensation

                6.a Termination Upon Change in Control. In the event Executive's
        employment is terminated in a Termination Upon a Change in Control,
        Executive shall be paid the following as severance compensation:

                (a)     For two (2) years following such termination of
                employment, an amount (payable on the dates specified in
                subsection 4.1 except as otherwise provided herein) equal to the
                Base Salary at the rate payable at the time of such termination
                plus (i) any accrued and unpaid Bonus due Executive under
                paragraph 4.3 of this Agreement and (ii) an amount equal to the
                Targeted Bonuses due (based on the Base Salary then in effect)
                for the year in which such termination of employment occurs
                (determined as though all requisite targets were fully and
                completely achieved). Notwithstanding any provision in this
                paragraph (a) to the contrary, Executive may, in Executive's
                sole discretion, by delivery of a notice to the Company within
                30 days following a Termination Upon a Change in Control, elect
                to receive from the Company a lump sum severance payment by bank
                cashier's check equal to the present value of the flow of cash
                payments that would otherwise be paid to Executive pursuant to
                this paragraph (a). Such present value shall be determined as of
                the date of delivery of the notice of election by Executive and
                shall be based on a discount rate equal to the prime rate, as
                reported in the Wall Street Journal, or similar publication, on
                the date of delivery of the election notice. If Executive elects
                to receive a lump sum severance payment, the Company shall make
                such payment to Executive within 30 days following the date on
                which Executive notifies the Company of Executive's election.

                (b)     In the event that Executive is not otherwise entitled to
                fully exercise all awards granted to him under any stock option
                plan maintained by the Company and any such plan does not
                otherwise provide for acceleration of exerciseability upon the
                occurrence of the Change in Control described herein, such
                awards shall become immediately exercisable upon a Change in
                Control.

                (c)     All restricted stock granted to Executive will vest and
                become transferable.

                (d)     Executive shall continue to accrue retirement benefits
                and shall continue to enjoy any benefits under any plans of the
                Company in which Executive is a participant to the full extent
                of Executive's rights under such plans, including any
                perquisites provided under this Agreement, through the remainder
                of the Employment Term; provided, however, that the benefits
                under any such plans of the Company in which Executive is a
                participant, including any such perquisites, shall cease upon
                Executive's obtaining other employment. If necessary to provide
                such benefits to Executive, the Company shall, at its election,
                either: (i) amend its employee benefit plans to provide the
                benefits described in this paragraph (c), to the extent that
                such is permissible under the nondiscrimination requirements and
                other provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the
                "Code") and the provisions of Executive Retirement Income
                Security Act of 1974, or (ii) provide

                                       82

<PAGE>

                separate benefit arrangements or cash payments so that Executive
                receives amounts equivalent thereto, net of tax consequences.

                6.b Termination Other Than for Cause. In the event Executive's
        employment is terminated in a Termination Other Than for Cause,
        Executive shall be paid as severance compensation his Base Salary, at
        the rate payable at the time of such termination, through the remaining
        period of the Contract Term or the one year period commencing on the
        effective date of such termination (whichever period is shorter) plus
        (i) any accrued and unpaid Bonus due Executive under paragraph 4.3 of
        this Agreement and (ii) an amount equal to the Targeted Bonuses due
        (based on the Base Salary then in effect) for the year in which such
        termination of employment as though all requisite targets were fully and
        completely achieved. Notwithstanding any provision in this subsection
        6.2 to the contrary, the Company may, in the Company's sole discretion,
        by delivery of a notice to Executive within 30 days following a
        Termination Other Than for Cause, elect to remit to Executive a lump sum
        severance payment by bank cashier's check equal to the present value of
        the flow of cash payments that would otherwise be paid to Executive
        pursuant to this subsection 6.2. Such present value shall be determined
        as of the date of delivery of the notice of election by the Company and
        shall be based on a discount rate equal to the prime rate, as reported
        in The Wall Street Journal, on the date of delivery of the election
        notice. If the Company elects to remit a lump sum severance payment, the
        Company shall make such payment to Executive within 30 days following
        the date on which the Company notifies Executive of its election. In the
        event that Executive is not otherwise entitled to fully exercise all
        awards granted to him under the Company's Incentive Stock Plan, and the
        Incentive Stock Plan does not otherwise provide for acceleration of
        exerciseability upon the occurrence of a Termination Other Than for
        Cause described herein, such awards shall become immediately exercisable
        upon a Termination Other Than for Cause.

                6.c Termination Upon Any Other Event. In the event of a
        Voluntary Termination, Termination For Cause, termination by reason of
        Executive's disability pursuant to subsection 5.5 or termination by
        reason of Executive's death pursuant to subsection 5.6, Executive or his
        estate shall not be paid any severance compensation.

        7. Confidentiality. Executive agrees to hold in strict confidence all
non-public information concerning any matters affecting or relating to the
business of the Company, including without limiting the generality of the
foregoing non-public information concerning its manner of operation, business or
other plans, data bases, marketing programs, protocols, processes, computer
programs, client lists, marketing information and analyses, operating policies
or manuals or other data. Executive agrees that he will not, directly or
indirectly, use any such information for the benefit of others than the Company
or disclose or communicate any of such information in any manner whatsoever
other than to the directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives of
the Company who need to know such information, who shall be informed by
Executive of the confidential nature of such information and directed by
Executive to treat such information confidentially. Upon the Company's request,
Executive shall return all information furnished to him related to the business
of the Company without retaining any copies in electronic or other form. The
above limitations on use and disclosure shall not apply to information which
Executive can demonstrate: (a) was known to Executive before receipt thereof
from the Company; (b) is learned by Executive from a third party entitled to
disclose it; or (c) becomes known publicly other than through Executive; (c) is
disclosed by Executive upon authority of the Board or any committee of the
Board; (d) is disclosed pursuant to any legal requirement or (e) is disclosed
pursuant to any agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates is a party. The parties hereto stipulate that all such information is
material and confidential and gravely affects the effective and successful
conduct of the business of the Company and the Company's goodwill, and that any
breach of the terms of this Section 7 shall be a material breach of this
Agreement. The terms of this Section 7 shall survive and remain in effect
following any termination of this Agreement.

        8. Use of Proprietary Information. Executive recognizes that the Company
possesses a proprietary interest in all of the information described in Section
7 and has the exclusive right and privilege to use, protect by copyright, patent
or trademark, manufacture or otherwise exploit the processes, ideas and concepts
described therein to the exclusion of Executive, except as otherwise agreed
between the Company and Executive in writing. Executive expressly agrees that
any products, inventions, discoveries or improvements made by Executive, his
agents or affiliates, during the term of this Agreement, based on or arising out
of the information described in Section 7 shall be the property of and inure to
the exclusive benefit of the Company. Executive further agrees that any and all
products, inventions, discoveries or improvements developed by Executive
(whether or not able to be protected by copyright, patent or trademark) in the
scope of his employment, or involving the use of the Company's time, materials
or other resources, shall be promptly disclosed to the Company and shall become
the exclusive property of the Company.

                                       83

<PAGE>

        9. Non-Competition Agreement.

                9.a Non-Competition. Executive agrees that, during the
        Employment Term and for a period of one year following any termination
        of such employment, Executive shall not, without the prior written
        consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate,
        control, be connected with as an officer, employee, partner, consultant
        or otherwise, or otherwise engage or participate in (except as an
        employee of the Company, or Affiliate of it) any corporation or other
        business entity engaged in the operation, ownership or management of a
        bank, trust company or financial services business within the
        Metropolitan Statistical Areas of St. Louis, Kansas City or any other
        city in which the Company or any of its Affiliates has an office at the
        time of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ownership
        by Executive of less than 1% of any class of the outstanding capital
        stock of any corporation conducting such a competitive business which is
        regularly traded on a national securities exchange or in the
        over-the-counter market shall not be a violation of the foregoing
        covenant.

                9.b Non-Solicitation. During the period of actual employment
        and, in addition, the period, if any, during which Executive shall be
        entitled to severance compensation pursuant to Section 6
        (notwithstanding an election by Executive to receive a lump sum
        severance payment for such period), Executive shall not, except on
        behalf of or with the prior written consent of the Company, directly or
        indirectly, entice or induce, or attempt to entice or induce, any
        employee of the Company to leave such employ, or employ any such person
        in any business similar to or in competition with that of the Company.
        Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the provisions set forth
        in this subsection 9.2 constitute a reasonable restriction on his
        ability to compete with the Company.

                9.c Saving Provision. The parties hereto agree that, in the
        event a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the
        geographical or durational elements of this covenant are unenforceable,
        such determination shall not render the entire covenant unenforceable.
        Rather, the excessive aspects of the covenant shall be reduced to the
        threshold which is enforceable, and the remaining aspects shall not be
        affected thereby.

                9.d Equitable Relief. Executive acknowledges that the extent of
        damages to the Company from a breach of Sections 7, 8 and 9 of this
        Agreement would not be readily quantifiable or ascertainable, that
        monetary damages would be inadequate to make the Company whole in case
        of such a breach, and that there is not and would not be an adequate
        remedy at law for such a breach. Therefore, Executive specifically
        agrees that the Company is entitled to injunctive or other equitable
        relief (without any requirement to post any bond or other security) from
        a breach of Sections 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement, and hereby waives and
        covenants not to assert against a prayer for such relief that there
        exists an adequate remedy at law, in monetary damages or otherwise.

        10. Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable by Executive and
shall not be assignable by the Company except by operation of law or to a
successor entity acquiring all or substantially all the Company's business or
assets. No such assignment shall affect any determination of whether such
assignment involves a Change of Control for purposes of this Agreement. In the
event of any assignment permitted hereby, the duties and responsibilities of
Executive performed for the assignee shall not, without the written consent of
Executive, be materially increased, altered or diminished in a manner
inconsistent with Executive's duties and responsibilities hereunder for the
Company.

        11. Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Executive to the
full extent provided for in the Bylaws of the Company, and no amendment of such
Bylaws shall diminish the Company's obligation to indemnify the Executive
pursuant to this Agreement.

        1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and any agreements entered into
after the date hereof under any of the Company's benefit plans or compensation
programs as described in Section 4 contain the complete agreement concerning the
employment arrangement between the parties, including without limitation
severance or termination pay, and shall, as of the Effective Date, supersede all
other agreements or arrangements between the parties with regard to the subject
matter hereof.

        11. Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns. The obligations of the Company under
this Agreement shall not be terminated by reason of any liquidation,
dissolution, bankruptcy, cessation of business or similar event relating to the
Company. This Agreement shall not be terminated by reason of any merger,
consolidation or reorganization of the Company, but shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the surviving or resulting entity.

        12. Modification. No waiver or modification of this Agreement or of any
covenant, condition, or limitation herein contained shall be valid unless
authorized by the Board and reduced to in writing and duly executed by the party
to be charged therewith and no evidence of any waiver or modification shall be
offered or received in evidence of any proceeding, arbitration, or litigation
between the parties hereto arising out of or affecting this Agreement, or the
rights or obligations of the parties thereunder, unless such waiver or
modification is in writing, duly executed as aforesaid.

                                       84

<PAGE>

        13. Severability. All agreements and covenants contained herein are
severable, and in the event any of them shall be held to be invalid or
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be
interpreted as if such invalid agreements or covenants were not contained
herein.

        14. Manner of Giving Notice. All notices, requests and demands to or
upon the respective parties hereto shall be sent by hand, certified mail,
overnight air courier service, in each case with all applicable charges paid or
otherwise provided for, addressed as follows, or to such other address as may
hereafter be designated in writing by the respective parties hereto:

        To Company:                             To Executive at his current
        Enterprise Financial Services Corp      residential address on file with
        150 North Meramec                       the Company.
        Clayton, Missouri  63105
        Attention:  Chairman of the Board
                    and Corporate Secretary

        Such notices, requests and demands shall be deemed to have been given or
made on the date of delivery if delivered by hand or by telecopy and on the next
following date if sent by mail or by air courier service.

        15. Remedies. In the event of a breach of this Agreement, the
non-breaching party shall be entitled to such legal and equitable relief as may
be provided by law, and shall further be entitled to recover all costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in enforcing the
non-breaching party's rights hereunder.

        16. Headings. The headings have been inserted for convenience only and
shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions of this
Agreement.

        17. Choice of Law. It is the intention of the parties hereto that this
Agreement and the performance hereunder be construed in accordance with, under
and pursuant to the laws of the State of Missouri without regard to the
jurisdiction in which any action or special proceeding may be instituted.

        18. Taxes. The company may withhold from any payments made under this
Agreement all applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, employment
and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law.

        19. Voluntary Agreement; No Conflicts. Executive hereby represents and
warrants to the Company that he is legally free to accept and perform his
employment with the Company, that he has no obligation to any other person or
entity that would affect or conflict with any of Executive's obligations
pursuant to such employment, and that the complete performance of the
obligations pursuant to Executive's employment will not violate any order or
decree of any governmental or judicial body or contract by which Executive is
bound. The Company will not request or require, and Executive agrees not to use,
in the course of Executive's employment with the Company, any information
obtained in Executive's employment with any previous employer to the extent that
such use would violate any contract by which Executive is bound or any decision,
law, regulation, order or decree of any governmental or judicial body.

        20. Certain Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall
apply:

        "Affiliate" with respect to any person, means any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is
Controlled by, or is under common Control with the first Person, including but
not limited to a Subsidiary of the first Person, a Person of which the first
Person is a Subsidiary, or another Subsidiary of a Person of which the first
Person is also a Subsidiary.

        "Control" With respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or
indirectly, severally or jointly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or credit arrangement, as trustee or executor, or
otherwise.

        "Person" Any natural person, firm, partnership, limited liability
company, association, corporation, company, trust, business trust, governmental
authority or other entity.

        "Subsidiary" With respect to any Person, each corporation or other
Person in which the first Person owns or Controls, directly or indirectly,
capital stock or other ownership interests representing 50% or more of the
combined voting power of the outstanding voting stock or other ownership
interests of such corporation or other Person.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of
the date first stated above.

                                              ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP

                                              By:

                                              Title:

                                              Kevin C. Eichner

                                       85

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
