<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a1029123102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.29
<TEXT>

                  Dollar Financial Group/First Bank of Delaware


                  Dollar Financial Group/First Bank of Delaware

                        MARKETING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT


     This  Marketing  and Servicing  Agreement  (this  "Agreement")  is made and
entered  into  as of the  18th  day of  October,  2002,  between  FIRST  BANK OF
DELAWARE,  a Delaware state bank ("BANK"),  and DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP,  INC., a
New York corporation ("DOLLAR").
     WHEREAS,  BANK is a Delaware  state bank  insured  by the  Federal  Deposit
Insurance  Corporation (the "FDIC"), and as such, is authorized to extend credit
to  borrowers,  subject to the federal and Delaware  financial  institution  and
credit regulations in effect and as applicable;
     WHEREAS,   DOLLAR,  in  performing  duties  under  this  Agreement,   is  a
corporation  validly  existing  under the laws of the  State of New  York,  duly
authorized  to do business in the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania;  and DOLLAR's
subsidiaries,  in  performing  duties  under this  Agreement,  are  corporations
validly   existing  under  the  laws  of  their   respective   jurisdictions  of
incorporation and, to the extent required, are duly authorized to do business as
a foreign  corporation  in each other  jurisdiction  in which they  respectively
conduct business under this Agreement;
     WHEREAS,  in accordance  with its  established  lending  criteria as may be
amended by BANK from time to time as hereinafter provided,  BANK desires to make
single-payment,  short-term  loans in amounts  not to exceed $500  ("Loans")  to
consumers  ("Borrowers"),  which  Loans  shall be  evidenced  by delivery of the
Borrowers'  personal checks [* * *] to DOLLAR to hold in trust and as bailee for
BANK; and
     WHEREAS,  DOLLAR,  in  performing  duties under this  Agreement  desires to
market and service the Loans on BANK's behalf and to cause DOLLAR's subsidiaries
to do so;
     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  and  of the  mutual
promises  contained in this  Agreement,  and other valuable  consideration,  the
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,  and intending to be legally bound,
BANK and DOLLAR (together, the "Parties") agree as follows:

     1.  BANK's Responsibilities and Rights.

     (a) BANK in its sole  discretion  shall  determine  all of the  conditions,
terms and features of the Loans,  including,  without limitation,  loan amounts,
fees and charges,  interest rates, credit limits, credit standards and all other
terms and conditions of the Loans,  and shall be responsible for the form of all
Loan Documents as that term is defined in Section 2(e)(iii).  Copies of all such
terms, conditions,  features and forms have heretofore been delivered by BANK to
DOLLAR and accepted by DOLLAR.  BANK shall make Loans to all Applicants (as that
term is defined in Section  2(a)  below) who apply at or through  the offices of
DOLLAR for Loans and who, in the  reasonable  determination  of BANK,  meet such
credit  standards  and other  qualifications;  provided  that BANK  shall not be
required to make any Loan if it reasonably  believes that the making of the Loan
or its solicitation will violate or has violated

                                       1
<PAGE>

     any  applicable  federal  or  non-preempted  state  statutes,  regulations,
interpretations,   orders,   court   decisions   or   other   applicable   rules
(collectively, "Laws"). Neither DOLLAR, nor BANK, nor their respective employees
shall state or suggest to  Applicants  that Loans are made or approved by DOLLAR
or that DOLLAR (or any employee of DOLLAR) can improve an  Applicant's  prospect
of  obtaining a Loan.  BANK shall  maintain at its offices in Delaware  computer
terminals that connect to [ * * * ] from which BANK may reject any Loan or Loans
at any time in accordance  with BANK's  reasonable  application of BANK's credit
standards as in effect from time to time.

     (b) The parties  acknowledge that BANK may hereafter modify its Loan terms,
conditions, features and forms in its sole discretion.  Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, any modification of any Loan term, condition,
features or form which has a material  adverse  economic  effect on DOLLAR shall
not become  effective  until[ * * *].  Modifications  which are  mandated  by or
required as a result of any change in applicable Laws or regulations  (including
any change in  interpretation)  or any lawful and reasonable actions or requests
of duly authorized state and federal  regulatory  authorities which are required
to be implemented[* * *], either in connection with the matters  contemplated by
this  Agreement or in connection  with similar loan programs  conducted by other
financial institutions,  licensed lenders or financial service providers,  shall
not be subject to the provisions of the preceding sentence.

     (c) DOLLAR  acknowledges that all rights of ownership in the Loans and Loan
Documents (as defined in Section 2(e)(iii)),  including, without limitation, any
Customer Checks (as defined in Section 2(c)(iv)),  proceeds thereof, payments on
the Loans or other collateral or security for the Loans, are and remain the sole
property of BANK. DOLLAR shall have no ownership or other rights to or interests
in, whether legal or equitable,  such Loans,  Loan Documents,  Customer  Checks,
proceeds thereof,  payments on the Loans or other collateral or security for the
Loans  during  the term of this  Agreement.  All  such  Loans,  Loan  Documents,
Customer Checks, proceeds thereof,  payments on the Loans or other collateral or
security for the Loans shall not be considered  property of DOLLAR's estate if a
bankruptcy petition is filed by or against DOLLAR.

     (d) In its sole discretion,  BANK may sell, transfer, grant an interest in,
or otherwise  assign any Loan,  or any portion of any Loan,  to a third party or
parties.  Any sale, transfer or assignment by BANK of any such Loan shall comply
with applicable Delaware and federal law.

     (e) BANK shall forward to DOLLAR via facsimile,  with a copy by first-class
mail,  within five (5) business  day of receipt any written  notices it receives
that  bankruptcy  proceedings  have been initiated with respect to any Borrower.
     (f) BANK shall,  within  thirty  (30) days of the last day of any  calendar
quarter,  provide DOLLAR with BANK's quarterly  financial  statements and, on or
before each April 15, shall provide DOLLAR with BANK's annual audited  financial
statements, each to be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     2. DOLLAR's Responsibilities, Services and Compensation. (a) General Duties
of  DOLLAR;  Standards  of  Performance.   DOLLAR  shall  perform  all  services
reasonably  required  to  market  and  service  the  Loans  made by BANK[* * *],
including  without  limitation the  establishment  and/or  maintenance of retail
outlets in number (subject to the provisions of Section 2(l) below) and location
determined   by  DOLLAR  in  its  sole   discretion,   where   Loan   applicants
("Applicants")  may  submit  Loan  applications   ("Applications")  and  receive
disclosures  required by  applicable  Laws and where  Borrowers  may execute and
deliver Loan  documentation and deliver checks or other payment on the Loans for
deposit by DOLLAR on BANK's behalf to the BANK Deposit Account,  as that term is
defined in Section 2(d)(iv).  In marketing the Loans and performing its services
hereunder,  DOLLAR shall at all times and in all material  respects  comply with
applicable  Laws.  Before  initiating  any  marketing  efforts  pursuant to this
Agreement[* * *], DOLLAR shall  reasonably  cooperate with BANK in  implementing
the Loan program contemplated hereby in such manner as to minimize the potential
for  regulatory  objections.  Further,  DOLLAR  shall use all of the  reasonable
documentation  provided by BANK and follow the reasonable and lawful  practices,
policies  and  procedures  established  by BANK and  communicated  in writing to
DOLLAR from time to time with respect to the Loans,  which BANK Policies  shall,
if so determined by BANK, incorporate without limitation [* * *] as communicated
to DOLLAR by BANK (the "BANK Policies").  DOLLAR shall [* * *] act in conformity
with the BANK Policies and the  requirements  of applicable  Laws  pertaining to
their  duties.  DOLLAR  will [* * *] and will not agree or  promise to procure a
Loan for any Applicant from Bank.  DOLLAR may,  without being relieved of any of
its obligations  hereunder,  delegate any of its duties hereunder to a direct or
indirect subsidiary of DOLLAR. Notwithstanding any such delegation, Dollar shall
remain  liable for all  performances  required of DOLLAR  under this  Agreement,
including without  limitation any such performances which have been delegated as
permitted hereby;  any breach by a permitted delegee shall be deemed a breach by
DOLLAR  hereunder.  In  addition,  DOLLAR  shall cause each direct and  indirect
subsidiary of DOLLAR to perform the duties and  obligations of DOLLAR under this
Agreement, including without limitation the [* * *] obligations of DOLLAR.

     (b)      Marketing of Loans.

     (i) BANK hereby  authorizes  DOLLAR  during the term of this  Agreement  to
market  Loans to  Borrowers  in  compliance  with all  applicable  Laws and BANK
Policies.  BANK hereby grants to DOLLAR a non-exclusive license to reproduce the
name,  trade  name,  trademarks  and  logos  of BANK  (collectively,  the  "BANK
Properties") during the term of this Agreement in connection with this Agreement
on  letters,   print   advertisements,   the  Internet,   television  and  radio
communications  and  other  advertising  and  promotional  materials  (all  such
letters, advertising and promotional materials incorporating BANK Properties and
all related designs,  artwork,  logos, slogans, copy and other similar materials
shall be  referred  to  collectively  herein  as the  "Promotional  Materials");
provided, however, DOLLAR shall submit all Promotional Materials to BANK for its
written  approval  prior to any use  thereof  and BANK  shall  not  unreasonably
withhold such approval. If BANK fails to reject any proposed

                                       3
<PAGE>

     Promotional  Materials  within  [* * *]  business  days of  submission  for
approval,  such  Promotional  Materials  shall be deemed  approved by BANK.  All
rights not expressly  granted to DOLLAR herein are reserved by BANK.  Regardless
of whether they incorporate the BANK Properties, all advertising and promotional
materials  for the  Loans (A) shall  prominently  identify  BANK as maker of the
Loans, (B) shall be accurate, (C) shall not be misleading, (D) shall comply with
all  applicable  Laws,  and (E) shall be submitted to BANK for prior approval in
accordance with the foregoing  provisions of this paragraph,  which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

     (ii) In connection with DOLLAR's  performance of its obligations under this
Agreement,  it is expressly agreed that (A) BANK shall not hold any ownership or
leasehold interest in any DOLLAR store or any personal property located therein,
except that BANK shall be the exclusive owner of all Customer Checks,  Notes (as
those  terms are  defined in  Section  2(c)  below),  Loan  Documents,  and cash
reflecting  Loan  repayments as may be located at such stores from time to time,
(B) no BANK  employees  shall work in any DOLLAR store (except for BANK auditors
who may  examine  DOLLAR  stores  from  time to time for  compliance  with  BANK
Policies),  and (C) BANK shall  exercise no authority  or control over  DOLLAR's
employees  or methods of  operation.  DOLLAR will not post signage at its retail
locations showing BANK's name or logo;  provided,  however,  that this provision
shall not prohibit DOLLAR from providing  documents or information to Applicants
with the BANK's name or logo that have been approved by BANK or posting fees and
other  information  as required at its  locations  to carry out its  obligations
under  this  Agreement.  Neither  DOLLAR  nor  any of its  employees,  officers,
directors,  representatives or agents will hold themselves out as an employee of
BANK nor, except as otherwise authorized by BANK, as an agent of BANK.

     (iii) [* * *].

     (iv) In connection with the ongoing use of the[* * *], the BANK agrees that
it shall have no more than (A) [* * *] or (B)[* * *].

     (c) Servicing of Loan Applications.

     (i) BANK also hereby  authorizes  DOLLAR to assist BANK in  obtaining  Loan
applications by allowing DOLLAR employees to take  Applications from Applicants,
using an  Application  form  approved by BANK.  DOLLAR  shall make  Applications
available to prospective  Applicants  and shall not  discourage any  prospective
Applicant from submitting an Application and shall provide reasonable assistance
to each prospective Applicant in completing an Application. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, DOLLAR shall not discriminate against or discourage
any Applicant in any aspect of the credit process on any "prohibited  basis," as
such term is defined in the federal  Equal Credit  Opportunity  Act ("ECOA") and
Federal Reserve Regulation B. DOLLAR shall forward all completed Applications to
BANK (or its designated loan processing agent)[* * *].


                                       4
<PAGE>

     (ii) Based  upon the  information  provided  by  Applicants  to BANK in the
Applications and such other credit-related  information as obtained by DOLLAR at
the direction of BANK, or by BANK directly,  and pursuant to the credit granting
standards  adopted by BANK,  BANK shall be solely  responsible  for  determining
whether to extend credit to Applicants. BANK shall, either itself or through[* *
*], communicate to DOLLAR its credit decision on any Application,  together with
the reason for any negative credit  decision,  [* * *] and within a commercially
reasonable  time,  in  accordance  with  industry  standards,  following [* * *]
receipt of each  application.  DOLLAR shall deliver an  appropriately  completed
adverse action notice from BANK in compliance  with  Regulation B and applicable
state law  ("Adverse  Action  Notice") to any  Applicant  whose  Application  is
rejected by BANK,  which  Adverse  Action  Notice shall also contain any adverse
action  information  required by the Fair Credit  Reporting Act ("FCRA") and any
applicable state credit reporting law.

     (iii) Each of BANK's  Loans  hereunder  shall be  evidenced by a promissory
note ("Note") containing  disclosures  required by the federal  Truth-in-Lending
Act and applicable state law (the  "Disclosures").  The Note shall be issued for
the amount  shown as the "Total of Payments" on the Note (which shall be the sum
of the  amount  shown as the  "Amount  Financed"  plus the  amount  shown as the
"Finance  Charge," and which amount shown as the "Finance  Charge" shall equal a
fixed amount based solely on the amount shown as the "Amount  Financed"  and not
the term of the Loan).

     (iv)  DOLLAR  shall  (A)  deliver a copy of the Note to the  Borrower;  (B)
obtain from the Borrower the executed  Note; (C) obtain from Borrower his or her
signed personal check,  dated the due date of the Note, made payable to BANK for
the Total of Payments set forth in the Note (the "Customer  Check"),  and/or[* *
*]; and (D) in accordance with Section 1(b) hereof,  hold in trust and as bailee
for BANK,  separate and apart from DOLLAR's own assets,  the Customer  Check and
Note and other Loan Documents.

     (d) Collection of Loans.

     (i) BANK hereby authorizes  DOLLAR, and DOLLAR agrees, to service the Loans
by, among other things, (1) using its commercially reasonable efforts to collect
payments  on the  Loans at and after  maturity  thereof  on behalf of BANK;  (2)
accurately recording and reporting the payments of funds from Borrowers; and (3)
making prompt  remittance to and  settlement  with BANK. In collecting  payments
owed under the Notes,  DOLLAR  shall [* * *] DOLLAR  shall  not,  explicitly  or
implicitly,  make any threats of criminal  prosecution  in connection  with debt
collection, or otherwise engage in any practices that violate any applicable Law
[* * *].  DOLLAR  and its  subsidiaries  are  expressly  authorized  to  collect
defaulted  Loans in  accordance  with  BANK's  procedure  manual (as  reasonably
modified  by BANK  from time to time),  a copy of which  has been  exhibited  to
DOLLAR.

     (ii) [* * *].


                                       5
<PAGE>

     (iii) DOLLAR shall use commercially reasonable efforts to service the Loans
at all times in accordance  with the terms of the Note and the  Disclosures  and
the BANK  Policies.  BANK shall notify  DOLLAR in writing at least ten (10) days
prior to any change in the BANK  Policies,  unless  such  changes  are  required
sooner by applicable Law.

     (iv) On each day DOLLAR  operates its stores for regular  business,  DOLLAR
shall deposit and transfer from its stores to a BANK account  designated by BANK
(the "BANK Deposit  Account") (A) all cash and electronic  remittances  received
from Borrowers  representing repayment of Loans and (B) all Customer Checks held
by DOLLAR with respect to Loans as to which repayment was not otherwise received
on or before  the due date  (subject  to such  delay in  deposit,  as DOLLAR may
reasonably  accommodate in accordance with the written practices and policies of
BANK to secure repayment in cash from the Borrower).

     (e) Reports; Access to Stores, Books and Records and Employees.

     (i) During the term of this  Agreement,  DOLLAR shall  provide to BANK data
submissions  and  reports  reasonably  required  by BANK in  order  to  maintain
effective  internal  controls  and to  monitor  results  under  this  Agreement,
including  without   limitation  the  performance  of  the  Loans  and  DOLLAR's
obligations hereunder. Such reports shall include [* * *].

     (ii)  DOLLAR  shall,  within  forty-five  (45)  days of the last day of any
calendar quarter, provide BANK with DOLLAR's quarterly financial statements and,
on or before each September 30, shall provide BANK with DOLLAR's  annual audited
financial statements,  each to be prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting  principles.  DOLLAR shall immediately  notify BANK in writing of any
default or event of default  which  occurs or exists  (or,  with the  passage of
time, will occur or exist) under any loan document between DOLLAR and any of its
lenders  while this  Agreement  is in effect or any Loans  generated  under this
Agreement remain outstanding (unless charged off).

     (iii) [* * *].

     (iv) DOLLAR will comply, as reasonably determined by BANK, with [* * *].

     (f) Fees  and  Costs.  In  consideration  of  DOLLAR's  performance  of its
obligations  under this  Agreement,  BANK shall pay  DOLLAR  the  marketing  and
servicing  fees set forth in this Section 2(f) (the  "Fees").  [* * *].

     (i) [* * *].

     (ii) The Fees owing to DOLLAR and the  amounts  owing to the BANK under the
Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with BANK's requirements.

     (iii) [* * *].

     (iv) [* * *].


                                       6
<PAGE>

     (v) BANK shall deduct from the compensation  otherwise payable to DOLLAR [*
* *].

     (vi) BANK shall deduct from the compensation otherwise payable to DOLLAR [*
* *]

     (vii) [* * *].

     (g) [* * *].

     (h) Notice. Each party shall provide the other with written notice promptly
(but not later than 5 business  days) after  becoming aware of any threatened or
actual investigation, regulatory action, arbitration, lawsuit, fees or penalties
pertaining to the Loans,  this Agreement or any similar  marketing and servicing
agreements  of third  parties,  the  effect of which may  materially  impact the
obligations or rights of the parties under this Agreement.

     (i) [* * *].

     (j) [* * *].

     (k)  Maintain   Required  Licenses  and   Registrations.   DOLLAR  (or,  if
applicable,  each of DOLLAR's  affiliates who perform any of the  obligations of
DOLLAR  under this  Agreement)  will obtain  and/or  maintain  all  licenses and
registrations  required by any Laws  applicable to the  activities of DOLLAR (or
its affiliates)  under this Agreement.

     (l)  Maintain  Minimum  Store  Operations.  Prior  to the  commencement  of
marketing activities on behalf of BANK in any state, DOLLAR shall inform BANK of
the number and locations of DOLLAR's retail  establishments  in such state. [* *
*].

     (m) State Addendum.  Prior to the  commencement of marketing  activities on
behalf of BANK in any state, DOLLAR shall, in addition to complying with Section
2(i)  hereof,  obtain  the prior  express  written  consent  of BANK to  conduct
marketing  activities in such state,  and such written consent shall be appended
to this Agreement as an addendum. Under no circumstances shall DOLLAR advertise,
sell or otherwise  market Loans in any state unless such express written consent
shall  theretofore have been received by DOLLAR with respect to such state. Such
consent may be withheld by BANK in its absolute, sole and unfettered discretion.

     3. Representations and Warranties.

     (a) BANK  hereby  represents  and  warrants to DOLLAR as of the date hereof
that:
     (i) BANK is a duly organized Delaware state bank validly existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware,  and is authorized,  as a matter of Delaware law,
to conduct its business as described in this Agreement. The deposits of BANK are
insured by the FDIC up to applicable  limits.  BANK has the corporate  power and
authority and all requisite licenses,  permits and authorizations under Delaware
and  federal  law  to  execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and  perform  its
obligations contemplated hereunder.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     (ii) BANK is authorized  under Delaware and federal law to make Loans which
comply with Delaware law regarding such Loans to Borrowers  residing  outside of
Delaware  and is not  prohibited  by Delaware or federal law to contract  with a
third  party to provide  the  services  which  DOLLAR  will  provide  under this
Agreement.

     (iii) BANK is authorized  under Delaware and federal law to contract with a
third party to provide loan  processing  services not covered by this Agreement,
and  transmission  by and  between  DOLLAR and such third  party of  information
required for and provided  solely for the purpose of  processing  the Loans does
not violate Delaware or federal law.

     (iv) This Agreement has been duly  authorized by BANK's Board of Directors,
executed and  delivered  by BANK and  constitutes  its legal,  valid and binding
agreement,  enforceable  against BANK in  accordance  with its terms,  except as
enforceability  may  be  limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   reorganization,
moratorium,  receivership,  conservatorship,  and the rights and  obligations of
receivers and conservators under 12 U.S.C. ss.ss.1821 (d) and (e), and any other
laws  affecting   creditors'  rights  and  remedies  generally  and  by  general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding in equity or at law).

     (v) The execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement by BANK does
not violate or conflict with (A) any provision of the articles of  incorporation
or other  governance  documents of BANK;  or (B) any Delaware or federal law, or
any order,  arbitration award, judgment or decree to which BANK is a party or by
which BANK or any of its assets may be bound.

     (vi) There are no claims, actions, suits, orders or investigations,  either
at law or in equity,  or any  proceedings by or before any court or governmental
authority or arbitrator pending, or to the knowledge of BANK threatened, against
BANK or any of its affiliates that (i) if asserted and decided adversely to BANK
or any affiliate, could materially and adversely affect BANK or its affiliate or
the program  contemplated by this  Agreement,  or (ii) questions the validity of
this Agreement,  the program contemplated herein or the Loans, or (iii) seeks to
delay,  prohibit or restrict the  activities of DOLLAR or BANK  contemplated  by
this Agreement.

     (vii)  BANK has  delivered  to  DOLLAR  true and  correct  copies of BANK's
audited  financial  statements  as of and for the year ended  December 31, 2001.
Such financial  statements and notes fairly present the financial  condition and
the results of  operations,  stockholders'  equity,  and cash flow of BANK as at
December 31, 2001 and for the year then ended,  all in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles  consistently applied. BANK has also delivered to
DOLLAR true and correct copies of BANK's  unaudited  financial  statements as of
and for the six month  period  ended June 30, 2002.  Such  financial  statements
fairly   present  the  financial   condition  and  the  results  of  operations,
stockholders'  equity, and cash flow of BANK as at June 30, 2002 and for the six
month period then ended,  all in accordance with generally  accepted  accounting
principles consistently applied.

                                       8
<PAGE>

     (b) DOLLAR  hereby  represents  and warrants to BANK, as of the date hereof
that:

     (i) DOLLAR is duly  organized  and validly  existing  under the laws of the
State of New York, and DOLLAR and/or its affiliates performing duties under this
Agreement are duly qualified to do business as contemplated under this Agreement
and has all requisite  licenses,  permits and  authorizations  under  applicable
state and  federal law to execute and  deliver  this  Agreement  and perform its
obligations contemplated hereunder. DOLLAR will from time to time notify BANK of
the names and respective  jurisdictions  of incorporation of its subsidiaries to
which DOLLAR will delegate its performances in any part hereunder.

     (ii) DOLLAR has the corporate  power and  authority,  and DOLLAR and/or its
affiliates performing duties under this Agreement,  have all requisite licenses,
permits and authorizations,  to execute and deliver its Agreement and to perform
hereunder.  This  Agreement  has  been  duly  authorized  by  DOLLAR's  Board of
Directors, executed and delivered by DOLLAR and constitutes its legal, valid and
binding  agreement,  enforceable  against  DOLLAR in accordance  with its terms,
except  as   enforceability   may  be   limited   by   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization or other laws affecting  creditors' rights and remedies generally
and by general principles of equity(regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     (iii) The execution,  delivery and  performance of this Agreement by DOLLAR
does not violate or conflict with (A) any provision of the governance  documents
of DOLLAR; or (B) any applicable state or federal law, or any order, arbitration
award,  judgment or decree to which  DOLLAR is a party or by which DOLLAR or any
of its assets may be bound.

     (iv) There are no claims, actions, suits, orders or investigations,  either
at law or in equity,  or any  proceedings by or before any court or governmental
authority or  arbitrator  pending,  or to the  knowledge  of DOLLAR  threatened,
against  DOLLAR  or any of its  affiliates  that  (i) if  asserted  and  decided
adversely to DOLLAR or any  affiliate,  could  materially  and adversely  affect
DOLLAR or its affiliates or the program contemplated by this Agreement,  or (ii)
questions the validity of this Agreement, the program contemplated herein or the
Loans, or (iii) seeks to delay, prohibit or restrict the activities of DOLLAR or
BANK contemplated by this Agreement.

     (v)  DOLLAR  has  delivered  to BANK true and  correct  copies of  DOLLAR's
audited  financial  statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2002.  Such
financial  statements and notes fairly  present the financial  condition and the
results of operations,  stockholders' equity, and cash flow of DOLLAR as at June
30, 2002 and for the year then ended, all in accordance with generally  accepted
accounting principles consistently applied.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     4. Indemnification.

     (a) DOLLAR  hereby  indemnifies  and agrees to hold  harmless  BANK and its
parent,  subsidiaries  and affiliates,  and each of their  officers,  directors,
employees,   representatives,   agents  and  attorneys  (the  "BANK  Indemnified
Parties")  from and  against any and all claims,  losses,  liabilities,  damages
(including, without limitation,  consequential, special, incidental and punitive
damages),   penalties,   demands,  suits,  arbitrations,   actions,   judgments,
settlements,  costs and expenses,  including without limitation, those costs and
expenses  relating to any  investigation  or any defense or  prosecution  of any
proceedings and reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants, experts,
investigators   and  other   consultants   incurred  in   connection   therewith
(collectively,  "Losses") suffered or incurred by BANK Indemnified  Parties as a
result of, or in connection with:

     (b) [* * *].

     (c) BANK  hereby  indemnifies  and agrees to hold  harmless  DOLLAR and its
parent,  subsidiaries  and affiliates,  and each of their  officers,  directors,
employees,  representatives,  agents  and  attorneys  (the  "DOLLAR  Indemnified
Parties")  from and  against  any and all Losses  suffered  or  incurred by such
DOLLAR Indemnified  Parties as a result of, or in connection with, those matters
specified [* * *].

     (d) The BANK  Indemnified  Parties and the DOLLAR  Indemnified  Parties are
sometimes  referred to herein as the "Indemnified  Parties," and DOLLAR or BANK,
as indemnitor  hereunder,  are sometimes referred to herein as the "Indemnifying
Party."
     (e) Any Indemnified Party seeking indemnification  hereunder shall promptly
notify the Indemnifying Party, in writing, of any notice of the assertion by any
third party of any claim or of the  commencement by any third party of any legal
or regulatory  proceeding,  arbitration or action,  or if the Indemnified  Party
determines  the  existence  of any such claim or the  commencement  by any third
party of any such legal or regulatory proceeding, arbitration or action, whether
or not the same shall have been asserted or initiated,  in any case with respect
to  which  the   Indemnifying   Party  is  or  may  be   obligated   to  provide
indemnification  (an "Indemnifiable  Claim") specifying in reasonable detail the
nature of the Loss, and, if known, the amount,  or an estimate of the amount, of
the Loss,  provided  that failure to promptly  give such notice shall only limit
the liability of the Indemnifying  Party to the extent of the actual  prejudice,
if any,  suffered by such  Indemnifying  Party as a result of such failure.  The
Indemnified  Party  shall  provide  to the  Indemnifying  Party as  promptly  as
practicable  thereafter  information and documentation  reasonably  requested by
such Indemnifying Party to support and verify the claim asserted.

     (f) The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of any
notification of an Indemnifiable Claim (a "Claim Notice") to undertake,  conduct
and control,  through counsel of its own choosing,  and at its own expense,  the
settlement or defense  thereof,  and the Indemnified  Party shall cooperate with
the  Indemnifying  Party  in  connection  therewith  if such  cooperation  is so
requested and the request is reasonable;  provided that the  Indemnifying  Party
shall  hold  the   Indemnified   Party  harmless  from  all  of  its  reasonable
out-of-pocket

                                       10
<PAGE>

     expenses,  including reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with
the  Indemnified  Party's   cooperation.   If  the  Indemnifying  Party  assumes
responsibility  for  the  settlement  or  defense  of any  such  claim,  (i) the
Indemnifying  Party shall permit the Indemnified  Party to  participate,  at the
Indemnified  Party's  expense,  in such  settlement or defense  through  counsel
chosen by the Indemnified Party and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not settle
any Indemnifiable Claim without the Indemnified  Party's consent,  which consent
shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or delayed for any reason if the settlement
involves only payment of money, and which consent may be withheld for any reason
if the  settlement  involves  more  than the  payment  of money,  including  any
admission  by the  Indemnified  Party.  So long  as the  Indemnifying  Party  is
vigorously   contesting  any  such  Indemnifiable   Claim  in  good  faith,  the
Indemnified  Party shall not pay or settle such claim  without the  Indemnifying
Party's   consent,   which   consent   shall  not  be   unreasonably   withheld.
Notwithstanding  the election of the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of
any such action,  the Indemnified  Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel and to participate in the defense of such action,  and the  Indemnifying
Party  shall bear the  reasonable  fees,  costs and  expenses  of such  separate
counsel if, in the  reasonable  judgment of the  Indemnified  Party,  the use of
counsel  chosen by the  Indemnifying  Party to represent the  Indemnified  Party
would present such counsel with a conflict of interest.

     (g) If the Indemnifying  Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within
thirty (30) days after  receipt of the Claim  Notice that it elects to undertake
the defense of the Indemnifiable Claim described therein, or if the Indemnifying
Party fails to contest vigorously any such Indemnifiable  Claim, the Indemnified
Party shall have the right,  upon notice to the Indemnifying  Party, to contest,
settle or compromise the  Indemnifiable  Claim in the exercise of its reasonable
discretion;  provided that the Indemnified  Party shall notify the  Indemnifying
Party of any compromise or settlement of any such Indemnifiable Claim. No action
taken by the  Indemnified  Party pursuant to this Section 4(g) shall deprive the
Indemnified Party of its rights to  indemnification  pursuant to this Section 4.
The Indemnifying  Party shall pay to the Indemnified  Party all Losses which the
Indemnified  Party has  incurred  within 30 days of receipt  of  written  demand
therefor,  including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys  fees  of the
Indemnified Party incurred in connection with defense of any third party claim.
(h)      [* * *]. (i) [* * *].

     5. Term and Termination.

     (a) The  term of  this  Agreement  shall  commence  as of the  date of this
Agreement,  and shall  continue  for a period of [* * *].  This  Agreement  will
automatically renew for subsequent [* * *]periods unless BANK or DOLLAR provides
written  notice  to the other at least [* * *] prior to the end of the term that
such Party elects to terminate the Agreement.

     (b) This  Agreement  also may be terminated  upon the  occurrence of one or
more of the following events, within the time periods set forth below:

                                       11
<PAGE>

     (i) Upon the occurrence and during the  continuation of an Event of Default
(as defined below in this Section 5(b)(i)) by either Party,  the  non-defaulting
Party may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice at least thirty (30)
days in advance of termination  and an opportunity  for the defaulting  Party to
cure the Event of Default  during such notice  period  (the "Cure  Period").  It
shall  constitute  an Event of  Default  by BANK  hereunder  if BANK shall be in
material  breach  of any  representation  or  warranty  or  covenant.  It  shall
constitute  an Event of Default by DOLLAR  hereunder  if (a) DOLLAR  shall be in
material breach of any  representation or warranty or covenant hereunder or [* *
*]. Any  non-defaulting  party, by giving written notice to the other party, may
suspend its obligations  under this Agreement  during any Cure Period until such
time as the default is cured.

     (ii) Upon the  occurrence of an Insolvency  Event (as defined below in this
Section  5(b)(ii)) by either  Party,  this  Agreement  shall  automatically  and
immediately terminate. It shall constitute an Insolvency Event by BANK hereunder
if BANK  shall  file for  protection  under  any  state or  federal  liquidation
provision,  or BANK is placed into conservatorship or receivership with the FDIC
or any other duly appointed person or entity.  It shall constitute an Insolvency
Event by DOLLAR  hereunder if DOLLAR shall file for protection under any chapter
of the federal Bankruptcy Code, an involuntary  petition is filed against DOLLAR
under any such  chapter  and is not  dismissed  within  sixty  (60) days of such
filing, or a receiver or any regulatory authority takes control of DOLLAR.

     (iii)  Either  Party  may,  by giving  written  notice to the other  Party,
suspend its obligations under this Agreement during any period that any material
representation  or warranty made by the other Party pursuant to Section 3 hereof
would have been  inaccurate  in any material  respect if it had been made by the
other Party during such period if such inaccuracy  would have a material adverse
effect on the other Party during such period.

     (iv) [* * *].

     (v) [* * *].

     (vi) In the event of an act of God or other  natural  disaster  which makes
the  carrying  out of this  Agreement  impossible,  or if a party's  performance
hereunder  is rendered  illegal or  materially  adversely  affected by reason of
changes in Law (either  federal or state)  applicable  to the Loans or to either
Party  hereto,  or if a Party is advised in  writing  by any  regulatory  agency
having  or  asserting  jurisdiction  over  such  Party  or the  Loans  that  the
performance  of its  obligations  under this  Agreement is or may be unlawful or
constitutes or may constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice or that such
activity may  jeopardize  such Party's  standing with or applicable  rating from
such regulatory agency,  then the Party unable to perform,  or whose performance
has been rendered illegal or who has been so advised by a regulatory agency, may
terminate  this  Agreement by giving written notice at least ninety (90) days in
advance of  termination  to the other Party,  unless such changes in the Laws or

                                       12
<PAGE>

     communication from such regulatory agency require earlier  termination,  in
which case  termination  shall be  effective  upon such earlier  required  date.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  in any such event, the disabled party shall use
reasonable  commercial  efforts  to meet its  obligations  as set  forth in this
Agreement.  Further, the disabled party shall promptly notify the other party in
writing if it is unable to perform due to any of the above-stated  reasons,  the
expected  duration of such  inability to perform,  and of any  developments  (or
changes  therein)  that  appear  likely to affect  the  ability of that party to
perform any of its obligations in whole or in part.

     (vii) [* * *].

     (viii) [* * *].

     (ix) [* * *].


     (c) Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, BANK shall pay DOLLAR
any fees that are then due and payable under this Agreement  (subject to set off
as  contemplated  in Section 2(f)  above).  In order to preserve the goodwill of
each  Party  with its  customers,  both  Parties  shall  act in good  faith  and
cooperate  in  order  to  ensure  a  smooth  and  orderly  termination  of their
relationship and the termination of the Loan  origination and marketing  program
contemplated  hereunder.  Unless  prohibited by applicable Laws, or as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, upon BANK's written request DOLLAR shall continue to
service outstanding Loans following  termination or expiration of this Agreement
until all Loans are repaid or charged off in accordance with BANK Policies. Upon
the  termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  all rights herein granted to
DOLLAR  shall  revert to BANK,  and DOLLAR  (except any rights it may have under
Section 7(a)) shall  immediately  cease using the BANK Properties.

     (d) Upon the  termination or expiration of this  Agreement,  this Agreement
shall  become null and void and neither  Party shall have any further  liability
with respect  thereto,  except for the provisions of Sections  2(e)(iii),  2(f),
2(g),  2(h),  2(j), 4, 5(c)-(g),  6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 hereof,  and any outstanding
obligations  to pay or remit Fees,  which shall survive the  termination of this
Agreement.

     (e)  If  an  Event  of  Default  has  occurred  and  is   continuing,   the
non-defaulting  party  shall be  entitled  to  pursue,  either  before  or after
termination,  such rights and remedies as may be available at law and in equity,
in addition to those  rights and  remedies  specifically  provided for under the
terms of this Agreement.

     (f) Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason,  BANK shall have the
immediate  right to obtain  possession  from DOLLAR of original Loan  Documents,
Customer Checks and proceeds.

     (g) .

     6. Notices.

     Any notice  hereunder  by a Party  shall be given to the other Party at its
address set forth  below or at such other  address  designated  by notice in the
manner provided in this Section 6,

                                       13
<PAGE>
     by personal  delivery,  certified mail or private  courier  service,  or by
facsimile with a confirmation  copy by first class mail,  postage  prepaid.  Any
written  notice or demand to be given  under  this  Agreement  shall be duly and
properly given if delivered as described in this Section 6, Such notice shall be
deemed to have been given (a) when  received if by personal  delivery or private
courier  service,  (b) when  faxed if by  facsimile,  and (c)  five  days  after
mailing, if sent by certified mail; provided,  however, that any notice given by
a party  changing  its address for notice shall be deemed given only upon actual
receipt by the other party. Unless otherwise agreed, notice shall be sent to the
contact persons at the addresses or facsimile  numbers,  as the case may be, set
forth below:
                            If to DOLLAR:

                                    Dollar Financial Group, Inc.
                                    1436 Lancaster Avenue -- Suite 210
                                    Berwyn, Pennsylvania 19312-1288
                                    Facsimile: (610) 296-7844
                                    Telephone: (610) 296-3400 Ext. 125

                                    Attention: Mr. Donald F. Gayhardt, President

                            with a copy to:

                                    Hilary B. Miller, Esq.
                                    112 Parsonage Road
                                    Greenwich, CT 06830-3942
                                    Facsimile: (203) 622-6264
                                    Telephone: (203) 399-1320


                                       14
<PAGE>

                            If to BANK:

                                    First Bank of Delaware
                                    Attention: Edward Haluska
                                    Brandywine Commons II
                                    1000 Rocky Run Parkway
                                    Wilmington, DE 19803
                                    Facsimile: (302) 529-5987
                                    Telephone: (302) 529-5984

                           with a copy to:

                                    First Republic Bank
                                    Attention: Paul Frenkiel, CFO
                                    1608 Walnut St., 11th Floor
                                    Philadelphia, PA 19103
                                    Facsimile: (215) 735-0508
                                    Telephone: (215) 735-4422, ext. 255

                                            and

                                    Lori L. Lasher, Esq.
                                    Reed Smith LLP
                                    2500 One Liberty Place
                                    Philadelphia, PA 19103
                                    Facsimile: (215) 851-1420
                                    Telephone: (215) 851-8136

     7. Confidentiality and Use of Customer  Information.

     (a) [* * *].

     (b) [* * *].

     (c) [* * *].

     (d) BANK and DOLLAR agree to treat in  confidence  the  provisions  of this
Agreement and all  documents,  materials and other  information  related to this
Agreement which shall have been obtained  during the course of the  negotiations
leading  to,  and during  the  performance  of,  this  Agreement  (collectively,
"Confidential Information"), including without limitation the reports referenced
in Section 2(e),  and not to communicate  Confidential  Information to any third
party,  except that  Confidential  Information  may be provided to a  regulatory
agency  having or asserting  jurisdiction  over a Party or the Loans,  a Party's
affiliates,  as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act"),

                                       15
<PAGE>

     counsel, accountants,  financial or tax advisors without the consent of the
other  Party;  provided  that  such  parties  agree  to hold  such  Confidential
Information in confidence.  As used herein, the term "Confidential  Information"
does not include information which (i) becomes generally available to the public
other than as a result of a disclosure by a Party receiving such  information (a
"Restricted  Party"),  (ii) is  independently  developed by a  Restricted  Party
without violating this Agreement, (iii) was available to the Restricted Party on
a  non-confidential  basis prior to its disclosure to the Restricted Party, (iv)
becomes  available to the Restricted  Party on a  non-confidential  basis from a
source other than the other Party;  provided  that such source is not bound by a
confidentiality  agreement  with the other Party or  otherwise  prohibited  from
transmitting the information to the Restricted Party by a contractual,  legal or
fiduciary obligation or (v) is required by Law to be disclosed.

     (e) In the event that a Restricted  Party is requested or required (by oral
questions,  interrogatories,  requests for  information or documents,  subpoena,
Civil  Investigative  Demand or similar  process) to disclose  any  Confidential
Information,  the  Restricted  Party will  provide  the other  Party with prompt
notice  of such  request(s)  so that the  other  Party  may seek an  appropriate
protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive the Restricted Party's
compliance  with the provisions of this  Agreement.  In the event that the other
Party does not seek such a protective order or other remedy,  or such protective
order or other  remedy  is not  obtained,  or the  other  Party  grants a waiver
hereunder, the Restricted Party may furnish that portion (and only that portion)
of the Confidential  Information which the Restricted Party is legally compelled
to disclose and will exercise such efforts to obtain  reasonable  assurance that
confidential  treatment  will  be  accorded  any  Confidential   Information  so
furnished  as a  Restricted  Party would  reasonably  exercise  in assuring  the
confidentiality  of  any  of  its  own  confidential  information.  The  parties
acknowledge  that DOLLAR is a public  reporting  company under the Exchange Act,
that  DOLLAR may be required  to file a copy of this  Agreement  with the United
States Securities and Exchange  Commission in redacted form, and that DOLLAR may
do so without  being deemed in breach  hereof;  Dollar shall cause the filing of
this Agreement to be made pursuant to a confidential  treatment  request in form
and substance  reasonably  acceptable to BANK's counsel.  Under no circumstances
shall the economic terms of this  Agreement be  voluntarily  disclosed by either
party except as required by law.

     8. Specific Performance in the Event of Breach.

     The Parties agree that monetary damages would not be adequate  compensation
in the event of a breach by a Restricted Party of its obligations  under Section
7 of this Agreement and,  therefore,  the Parties agree that in the event of any
such breach the Restricted Party, in addition to its other remedies at law or in
equity,  shall  be  entitled  to an  order  requiring  the  Restricted  Party to
specifically  perform  its  obligations  under  Section 7 of this  Agreement  or
enjoining the Restricted Party from breaching  Section 7 of this Agreement,  and
the Restricted  Party shall not plead in defense  thereto that there would be an
adequate remedy at law.

                                       16
<PAGE>


     9. Miscellaneous.

     (a) Neither the existence of this Agreement or any related agreements,  nor
their  execution,  is  intended  to be,  nor shall it be  construed  to be,  the
formation of a partnership,  joint venture or agency  relationship  between BANK
and DOLLAR. No employee of DOLLAR shall be deemed to be an employee of BANK, nor
shall any employee of BANK be deemed an employee of DOLLAR.

     (b) This Agreement,  together with the exhibits, if any, hereto, supersedes
any  negotiations,  discussions  or  communications  between BANK and DOLLAR and
constitutes the entire  agreement of BANK and DOLLAR with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

     (c)  Failure  of  any  Party  to  insist,  in  one or  more  instances,  on
performance  by any other Party in accordance  with the terms and  conditions of
this  Agreement  shall  not be deemed a waiver  or  relinquishment  of any right
granted hereunder or of the future  performance of any such term or condition or
of any other term or condition of this  Agreement  unless and to the extent that
such waiver is in a writing  signed by or on behalf of the Party alleged to have
granted such waiver.

     (d)  DOLLAR  shall not  assign  any of its  rights or  delegate  any of its
obligations  hereunder without BANK's prior written consent,  which shall not be
unreasonably  withheld,  in which event DOLLAR shall remain  directly  liable to
BANK for all of DOLLAR's obligations hereunder. No permitted delegation shall be
deemed to release DOLLAR from any of its obligations  hereunder.  BANK shall not
assign any of its rights or delegate any of its  obligations  hereunder  without
DOLLAR's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  This
Section 9(d) shall not be deemed to apply to Section 1(c).  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  DOLLAR may assign this Agreement in whole or in part to an affiliate
of DOLLAR, so long as DOLLAR agrees to remain directly liable to BANK for all of
DOLLAR's obligations hereunder.

     (e) DOLLAR shall provide to BANK ninety (90) days' prior written  notice of
its intent to sell,  assign or  transfer  its rights or  obligations  under this
Agreement,  whether voluntarily or involuntarily,  to any other person. A change
of control of DOLLAR,  including, but not limited to, the purchase of a majority
interest  in  DOLLAR,  a merger  or  consolidation  in which  DOLLAR  is not the
surviving entity, or the like, shall be deemed by BANK to be a sale,  assignment
or transfer of DOLLAR's rights and obligations  under this Agreement and subject
to BANK's consent as set forth under the preceding paragraph. BANK is authorized
to make such  investigation  of any proposed  transferee or assignee as it deems
necessary  and may submit the identity of such  proposed  transferee or assignee
and any other pertinent material to the regulatory  agencies having jurisdiction
over BANK.  Any written  statement  from any such agency that the proposed sale,
assignment  or transfer is  unacceptable  shall  entitle BANK to terminate  this
Agreement  concurrently with the closing of such sale, assignment or transfer; a
copy of any such  statement  or  certificate  shall be  forthwith  delivered  to
DOLLAR.

     (f) This Agreement is for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Parties and
shall not be deemed to be for the  benefit  of any third  party,  including  any
Borrower, except for the

                                       17
<PAGE>

     indemnification of BANK Indemnified  Parties and DOLLAR Indemnified Parties
as provided in Section 4 hereof. Except as provided in the previous sentence, no
such third party shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary hereunder.

     (g) The headings of the several  sections and subsections of this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

     (h) This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts,
each of which is an original but all of which together shall  constitute one and
the same document. Facsimile signatures and photocopies shall be deemed as valid
as though they were originals.

     10. Choice of Law; Forum Selection; Attorneys Fees and Waiver of Jury Trial

     (a) Choice of Law.  This  Agreement  and the  rights  and duties  described
herein shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Delaware,  without  reference to Delaware  choice of law or conflict of
law rules.

     (b) Forum  Selection.  Any action or  proceeding  seeking  to  enforce  any
provision  of, or based on any right  arising  out of, this  Agreement  shall be
brought  against  any of the  parties  in the  courts of the State of  Delaware,
County of New Castle, or, if it has or can acquire  jurisdiction,  in the United
States  District  Court for the  District of  Delaware,  and each of the parties
consents to the  jurisdiction of such courts (and of the  appropriate  appellate
courts) in any such action or proceeding  and waives any objection to venue laid
therein.  Process  in any  action or  proceeding  referred  to in the  preceding
sentence may be served on any party anywhere in the world.

     (c)  Attorneys'  Fees.  Any  person  who is  the  successful  party  in any
proceeding  brought to enforce such party's rights under this Agreement shall be
entitled to recover  reasonable  attorneys' fees and costs from the other party.

     (d) Waiver Of Rights To Trial By Jury. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT  HEREBY
EXPRESSLY  WAIVES  ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY  CLAIM,  DEMAND,  ACTION OR
CAUSE OF ACTION  ARISING  UNDER THIS  AGREEMENT OR IN ANYWAY  CONNECTED  WITH OR
RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT,  OR THE  TRANSACTIONS  RELATED  THERETO,  IN EACH  CASE  WHETHER  NOW
EXISTING  OR  HEREAFTER  ARISING,  AND  WHETHER  SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR
OTHERWISE;  AND EACH PARTY  HEREBY  AGREES  AND  CONSENTS  THAT ANY SUCH  CLAIM,
DEMAND,  ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION  SHALL BE  DECIDED BY COURT  TRIAL  WITHOUT A
JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A
COPY OF THIS  SECTION  WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN  EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE
SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

                                       18
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BANK and DOLLAR,  intending to be legally bound hereby,
have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly  authorized  officers as
of the day and year first set forth above.


 FIRST BANK OF DELAWARE             DOLLAR FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.
     ("BANK")                                        ("DOLLAR")

By:____________________________     By:___________________________

Its:____________________________    Its:___________________________




                                       19
<PAGE>



                                   Exhibit "A"

                                     Pricing

Finance Charge to Borrowers
     BANK  intends  to  charge  each  Borrower  a  Finance  Charge  equal to the
following dollar amounts per $100 of principal advanced,  based on the residence
of the Borrower:

                   [* * *].

Fees
     The Fees shall be, in respect of each $100 of principal advanced:

                   [* * *].

Deductions

                   [* * *].

                   [* * *].
     (Reference  in this  exhibit to  particular  [* * *] shall not be deemed to
constitute  an  acknowledgement  by BANK  that the  conditions  set forth in the
Agreement to the conduct by DOLLAR of marketing and servicing activities in such
[* * *] have been satisfied.)

                                       20
<PAGE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
