<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.46
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d04348exv10w46.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.46 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT-PHILIP RAGONA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.46


                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT


      This INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into
as of this 30th day of September, 2002, by and between Atrium Corporation, a
Delaware corporation and each entity listed on Schedule A hereto, as the same
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time or at any time, (each
a "Company" and, collectively, including any successors thereto, the
"Companies"), and Philip J. Ragona ("Indemnitee").

                                    RECITALS:

A.          Competent and experienced persons are reluctant to serve or to
continue to serve corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or
indemnification (or both) against claims and actions against them arising out of
their service to and activities on behalf of those corporations.

B.          The current uncertainties relating to the availability of adequate
insurance for directors and officers have increased the difficulty for
corporations to attract and retain competent and experienced persons.

C.          The Boards of Directors of each of the Companies (the "Boards") have
determined that the continuation of present trends in litigation will make it
more difficult to attract and retain competent and experienced persons, that
this situation is detrimental to the best interests of the Companies'
stockholders, and that the Companies should act to assure their directors and
officers that there will be increased certainty of adequate protection in the
future.

D.          It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Companies to
obligate themselves contractually to indemnify their directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in order to induce them to serve
or continue to serve the Companies.

E.          Indemnitee is willing to serve and continue to serve the Companies
on the condition that he be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law.

F.          Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Indemnitee is
agreeing to serve or to continue to serve as a director or officer of the
Companies.



<PAGE>

                                   AGREEMENTS:

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, Indemnitee's
agreement to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the
Companies, and the covenants contained in this Agreement, the Companies and
Indemnitee hereby covenant and agree as follows:

      1.    Certain Definitions:

            For purposes of this Agreement:

            a.    Affiliate: shall mean any Person that directly, or indirectly,
                  through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
                  by, or is under common control with the Person specified.

            b.    Change of Control: shall mean the occurrence of any of the
                  following events:

                  (i)   The acquisition after the date of this Agreement by any
                        individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of
                        Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange
                        Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a
                        "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of
                        Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 50% or
                        more of either (x) the then outstanding shares of common
                        stock of the relevant Company (the "Outstanding Company
                        Common Stock") or (y) the combined voting power of the
                        then outstanding voting securities of the relevant
                        Company entitled to vote generally in the election of
                        directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities");
                        provided, however, that for purposes of this paragraph
                        (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a
                        Change of Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the
                        relevant Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (B) any
                        acquisition by the relevant Company or any Subsidiary
                        thereof, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit
                        plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the
                        relevant Company or any Subsidiary of the relevant
                        Company, (D) any acquisition by one or more members of
                        the Investor Group, or (E) any acquisition by any entity
                        or its security holders pursuant to a transaction which
                        complies with clauses (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph
                        (iii) below; or



                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  Individuals who, as of the date of this Agreement,
                        constitute the Boards (the "Incumbent Boards") cease for
                        any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
                        relevant Board; provided, however, that any individual
                        becoming a director subsequent to the date of this
                        Agreement (A) who is appointed by a member of the
                        Investor Group, or (B) whose election, or nomination for
                        election by the relevant Company's stockholders, was
                        approved by a vote of at least a majority of the
                        directors then comprising the relevant Incumbent Board,
                        shall be considered as though such individual were a
                        member of the relevant Incumbent Board, but excluding,
                        for this purpose, any such individual whose initial
                        assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or
                        threatened election contest with respect to the election
                        or removal of directors or other actual or threatened
                        solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a
                        Person other than the relevant Board; or

                  (iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger, or
                        consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or
                        substantially all of the assets of the relevant Company
                        or an acquisition of assets of another entity (a
                        "Business Combination"), other than a Business
                        Combination with one or more members of the Investor
                        Group, in each case, unless, immediately following such
                        Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of
                        the individuals and entities who were the beneficial
                        owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common
                        Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
                        immediately prior to such Business Combination
                        beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50%
                        of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common
                        stock or other equity interests and the combined voting
                        power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled
                        to vote generally in the election of directors (or
                        similar governing body), as the case may be, of the
                        entity resulting from such Business Combination
                        (including, without limitation, an entity which as a
                        result of such transaction owns the relevant Company or
                        all or substantially all of the relevant Company's
                        assets either directly or through one or more
                        Subsidiaries) in proportions not materially different
                        from their ownership, immediately prior to such Business
                        Combination, of the Outstanding


                                       3
<PAGE>

                        Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting
                        Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding
                        any entity resulting from such Business Combination or
                        any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the
                        relevant Company or such entity resulting from such
                        Business Combination or any Subsidiary of either of
                        them) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or
                        more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of
                        common stock of the entity resulting from such Business
                        Combination or the combined voting power of the then
                        outstanding voting securities of such entity except to
                        the extent that such ownership existed prior to the
                        Business Combination, and (C) at least a majority of the
                        members of the board of directors (or similar governing
                        body) of the entity resulting from such Business
                        Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the
                        time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of
                        the action of the relevant Board, providing for such
                        Business Combination; or

                  (iv)  Approval by the stockholders of the relevant Company of
                        a complete liquidation or dissolution of such Company.

            c.    Claim: shall mean any threatened, pending, or completed
                  action, suit or proceeding (including, without limitation,
                  securities laws actions, suits and proceedings and also any
                  cross claim or counterclaim in any action, suit or
                  proceeding), whether civil, criminal, arbitral, administrative
                  or investigative in nature, or any inquiry or investigation
                  (including discovery), whether conducted by the Companies or
                  any other Person, that Indemnitee in good faith believes might
                  lead to the institution of any action, suit or proceeding.

            d.    Expenses: shall mean all costs, expenses (including attorneys'
                  and expert witnesses' fees) and obligations paid or incurred
                  in connection with investigating, defending (including
                  affirmative defenses and counterclaims), being a witness in,
                  or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to
                  defend, be a witness in, or participate in, any Claim relating
                  to any Indemnifiable Event.




                                       4
<PAGE>

            e.    Indemnifiable Event: shall mean any actual or alleged act,
                  omission, statement, misstatement, event or occurrence related
                  to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer,
                  agent or fiduciary of any of the Companies, or is or was
                  serving at the request of any of the Companies as a director,
                  officer, trustee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation,
                  partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust, or
                  other enterprise, or by reason of any actual or alleged thing
                  done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity. For
                  purposes of this Agreement, the Companies agree that
                  Indemnitee's service on behalf of or with respect to any
                  Subsidiary or employee benefits plan of any of the Companies
                  or any Subsidiary of any of the Companies shall be deemed to
                  be at the request of such Company.

            f.    Indemnifiable Liabilities: shall mean all Expenses and all
                  other liabilities, damages (including, without limitation,
                  punitive, exemplary, and the multiplied portion of any
                  damages), judgments, payments, fines, penalties, amounts paid
                  by Indemnitee in settlement solely with the Companies' consent
                  (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), and awards
                  paid or incurred that arise out of, or in any way relate to,
                  any Indemnifiable Event.

            g.    Investor Group: shall include Ardshiel, Inc., Ardatrium
                  L.L.C., Arddoor L.L.C., Ardwing L.LC., Wing Partners L.L.C.,
                  GE Investment Private Placement Partners II, a Limited
                  Partnership and each of their respective Affiliates.

            h.    Potential Change of Control: shall be deemed to have occurred
                  if (i) any of the Companies enters into an agreement, the
                  consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a
                  Change of Control of any of the Companies; (ii) any Person
                  (including any of the Companies) commences a tender offer
                  that, if consummated, would constitute a Change of Control of
                  any of the Companies; or (iii) any of the Boards adopts a
                  resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement,
                  a Potential Change of Control of any of the Companies has
                  occurred.

            i.    Reviewing Party: shall mean (i) a member or members of the
                  relevant Board who are not parties to the particular Claim for
                  which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification or (ii) if a
                  Change of Control of any of the Companies has occurred and
                  Indemnitee so requests, or if the members of the relevant
                  Board so elect, or if all of the members of the relevant Board
                  are parties to such Claim, Special Counsel.



                                       5
<PAGE>

            j.    Special Counsel: shall mean special, independent legal counsel
                  selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Companies (which
                  approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and who has not
                  otherwise performed material services for any of the Companies
                  or for Indemnitee within the last three years (other than as
                  Special Counsel under this Agreement or similar agreements).

            k.    Subsidiary: shall mean, with respect to any Person, any
                  corporation or other entity of which a majority of the voting
                  power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is
                  owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.          Indemnification and Expense Advancement.

            a.    The Companies shall, jointly and severally, indemnify
                  Indemnitee and hold Indemnitee harmless to the fullest extent
                  permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
                  Law, as soon as practicable but in any event no later than 30
                  days after written demand is presented to the Companies, from
                  and against any and all Indemnifiable Liabilities.
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the
                  Companies under this Section 2(a) shall be subject to the
                  condition that the Reviewing Party shall not have determined
                  (in a written opinion in any case in which Special Counsel is
                  involved) that Indemnitee is not permitted to be indemnified
                  under applicable law. Nothing contained in this Agreement
                  shall require any determination under this Section 2(a) to be
                  made by the Reviewing Party prior to the disposition or
                  conclusion of the Claim against the Indemnitee.

            b.    If so requested by Indemnitee, the Companies shall advance to
                  Indemnitee all reasonable Expenses incurred by Indemnitee to
                  the fullest extent permitted by law (or, if applicable,
                  reimburse Indemnitee for any and all reasonable Expenses
                  incurred by Indemnitee and previously paid by Indemnitee)
                  within ten (10) business days after such request (an "Expense
                  Advance"). The Companies shall be obligated from time to time
                  at the request of Indemnitee to make or pay an Expense Advance
                  in advance of the final disposition or conclusion of any
                  Claim. In connection with any request for an Expense Advance,
                  if requested by the Companies, Indemnitee or Indemnitee's
                  counsel shall submit an affidavit stating that the Expenses to
                  which the Expense Advances relate are reasonable. Any dispute
                  as to the reasonableness of any Expense shall not delay an
                  Expense


                                       6
<PAGE>

                  Advance by the Companies. If, when, and to the extent that the
                  Reviewing Party determines that (i) Indemnitee would not be
                  permitted to be indemnified with respect to a Claim under
                  applicable law or (ii) the amount of the Expense Advance was
                  not reasonable, the Companies shall be entitled to be
                  reimbursed by Indemnitee and Indemnitee hereby agrees to
                  reimburse the Companies without interest (which agreement
                  shall be an unsecured obligation of Indemnitee) for (x) all
                  related Expense Advances theretofore made or paid by the
                  Companies in the event that it is determined that
                  indemnification would not be permitted or (y) the excessive
                  portion of any Expense Advances in the event that it is
                  determined that such Expenses Advances were unreasonable;
                  provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced legal
                  proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a
                  determination that Indemnitee could be indemnified under
                  applicable law, or that the Expense Advances were reasonable,
                  any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee
                  would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law
                  or that the Expense Advances were unreasonable shall not be
                  binding, and the Companies shall be obligated to continue to
                  make Expense Advances, until a final judicial determination is
                  made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal
                  therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed), which determination
                  shall be conclusive and binding. If there has been a Change of
                  Control of any of the Companies, the Reviewing Party shall be
                  Special Counsel, if Indemnitee so requests. If there has been
                  no determination by the Reviewing Party or if the Reviewing
                  Party determines that Indemnitee substantively is not
                  permitted to be indemnified in whole or part under applicable
                  law or that any Expense Advances were unreasonable, Indemnitee
                  shall have the right to commence litigation in any court in
                  the states of Texas, New York or Delaware having subject
                  matter jurisdiction thereof and in which venue is proper
                  seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging
                  any such determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect
                  thereof, and the Companies hereby consent to service of
                  process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any
                  determination by the Reviewing Party otherwise shall be
                  conclusive and binding on the Companies and Indemnitee.

            c.    Nothing in this Agreement, however, shall require the
                  Companies to indemnify Indemnitee with respect to any Claim
                  initiated by Indemnitee, other than a Claim solely seeking
                  enforcement of the Companies' indemnification obligations to
                  Indemnitee or a Claim authorized by the relevant Board.



                                       7
<PAGE>

3.          Change of Control. The Companies agree that, if there is a Potential
Change of Control or a Change of Control of any of the Companies and if
Indemnitee requests in writing that Special Counsel be the Reviewing Party, then
Special Counsel shall be the Reviewing Party. In such a case, the Companies
agree not to request or seek reimbursement from Indemnitee of any
indemnification payment or Expense Advances unless Special Counsel has rendered
its written opinion to the Companies and Indemnitee that the Companies were not
or are not permitted under applicable law to indemnify Indemnitee or that such
Expense Advances were unreasonable. However, if Indemnitee has commenced legal
proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that
Indemnitee could be indemnified under applicable law or that the Expense
Advances were reasonable, any determination made by Special Counsel that
Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law or that
the Expense Advances were unreasonable shall not be binding, and the Companies
shall be obligated to continue to make Expense Advances, until a final judicial
determination is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal
therefore have been exhausted or lapsed), which determination shall be
conclusive and binding. The Companies agree to pay all reasonable fees of
Special Counsel and to indemnify Special Counsel against any and all expenses
(including attorneys' fees), claims, liabilities, and damages arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or Special Counsel's engagement pursuant hereto.

4.          Establishment of Trust. In the event of a Potential Change of
Control or a Change of Control of any of the Companies, the Companies shall,
upon written request by Indemnitee, create a trust for the benefit of Indemnitee
(the "Trust") and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall
fund the Trust in an amount equal to all Indemnifiable Liabilities reasonably
anticipated at the time to be incurred in connection with any Claim. The amount
to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall
be determined by the Reviewing Party. The terms of the Trust shall provide that,
upon a Change of Control of any of the Companies, (i) the Trust shall not be
revoked or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of
Indemnitee; (ii) the trustee of the Trust shall advance, within ten business
days of a request by Indemnitee, any and all reasonable Expenses (any
determination concerning the reasonableness of the Expenses shall be made by the
Reviewing Party) to Indemnitee (and Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the
Trust under the circumstances in which Indemnitee would be required to reimburse
the Companies for Expense Advances under this Agreement), (iii) the Trust shall
continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligation
set forth above; (iv) the trustee of the Trust shall promptly pay to Indemnitee
all amounts for which Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant
to this Agreement; and (v) all unexpended funds in the Trust shall revert to the
Companies upon a final determination by the Reviewing Party or a court of
competent jurisdiction, as the case may be, that Indemnitee has been fully
indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. The trustee of the Trust shall be
chosen by Indemnitee, and shall be a financial institution that is not
affiliated with Indemnitee. Nothing in this Section 4 shall relieve the
Companies of any of their obligations under this Agreement.



                                       8
<PAGE>

5.          Indemnification for Additional Expenses. The Companies shall
indemnify Indemnitee against any and all costs and expenses (including
attorneys' and expert witnesses' fees) and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall
(within two business days of that request) advance those costs and expenses to
Indemnitee that are incurred by Indemnitee if Indemnitee, whether by formal
proceedings or through demand and negotiation without formal proceedings: (a)
seeks to enforce Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement, (b) seeks to enforce
Indemnitee's rights to expense advancement or indemnification under any other
agreement or provision of any of the Companies' Certificate of Incorporation
(the "Certificate of Incorporation") or Bylaws (the "Bylaws") now or hereafter
in effect relating to Claims for Indemnifiable Events, or (c) seeks recovery
under any directors' and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by
the Companies, in each case regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately
prevails; provided that a court of competent jurisdiction has not found
Indemnitee's claim for indemnification or expense advancements under the
foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) to be frivolous, presented for an improper
purpose, without evidentiary support, or otherwise sanctionable under Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure No. 11 or an analogous rule or law, and provided
further, that if a court makes such a finding, Indemnitee shall reimburse the
Companies for all amounts previously advanced to Indemnitee pursuant to this
Section 5. Subject to the provisos contained in the preceding sentence, the
Companies waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all rights that
they may have to recover its costs and expenses from Indemnitee.

6.          Partial Indemnity. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of
this Agreement to indemnification by the Companies for some, but not all, of
Indemnitee's Indemnifiable Liabilities, the Companies shall indemnify Indemnitee
for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled.

7.          Contribution.

            a.    Contribution Payment. To the extent the indemnification
                  provided for under any provision of this Agreement is
                  determined (in the manner herein above provided) not to be
                  permitted under applicable law, the Companies, in lieu of
                  indemnifying Indemnitee, shall, to the extent permitted by
                  law, contribute to the amount of any and all Indemnifiable
                  Liabilities incurred or paid by Indemnitee for which such
                  indemnification is not permitted. The amount the Companies
                  contribute shall be in such proportion as is appropriate to
                  reflect the relative fault of Indemnitee, on the one hand, and
                  of the Companies and any and all other parties (including
                  officers and directors of the Companies other than Indemnitee)
                  who may be at fault (collectively, including the Companies,
                  the "Third Parties"), on the other hand.



                                       9
<PAGE>

            b.    Relative Fault. The relative fault of the Third Parties and
                  the Indemnitee shall be determined (i) by reference to the
                  relative fault of Indemnitee as determined by the court or
                  other governmental agency or (ii) to the extent such court or
                  other governmental agency does not apportion relative fault,
                  by the Reviewing Party after giving effect to, among other
                  things, the relative intent, knowledge, access to information,
                  and opportunity to prevent or correct the relevant events, of
                  each party, and other relevant equitable considerations.

            c.    The Companies and Indemnitee agree that it would not be just
                  and equitable if contribution were determined by pro rata
                  allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not
                  take account of the equitable considerations referred to in
                  this Section 7(b).

8.          Assumption of Defense by the Companies. Except as otherwise provided
below, any of the Companies, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
notified, will be entitled to assume the defense of any Claim, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ
his own counsel in connection with such Claim but the fees and expenses of such
counsel incurred after notice from any of the Companies of its assumption of the
defense thereof shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless (i) the employment
of counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the Companies, (ii) Indemnitee
shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between
the Companies and Indemnitee in the conduct of such defense or (iii) the
Companies shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such
action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's counsel
shall be subject to reimbursement in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. The Companies shall not be entitled to assume Indemnitee's defense of
any Claim brought by the Companies or as to which Indemnitee shall have reached
the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) above.

9.          Burden of Proof. In connection with any determination by the
Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be
indemnified under any provision of this Agreement or to receive contribution
pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law the
burden of proof shall be on the Companies to establish that Indemnitee is not so
entitled.

10.          No Presumption. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of
any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court
approval), or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent,
or an entry of an order of probation prior to judgment shall not create a
presumption (other than any presumption arising as a matter of law that the
parties may not contractually agree to disregard) that Indemnitee did not meet
any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court
has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law.



                                       10
<PAGE>

11.          Non-exclusivity. The rights of Indemnitee hereunder shall be in
addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Bylaws or Certificate
of Incorporation or the Delaware General Corporation Law or otherwise. To the
extent that a change in the Delaware General Corporation Law (whether by statute
or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification by agreement than would be
afforded currently under this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto
that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded
by that change. Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement shall not be diminished
by any amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or of any other
agreement or instrument to which Indemnitee is not a party, and shall not
diminish any other rights that Indemnitee now or in the future has against the
Companies.

12.          Liability Insurance. Except as otherwise agreed to by the Companies
and Indemnitee in a written agreement, to the extent the Companies maintain an
insurance policy or policies providing directors' and officers' liability
insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by that policy or those policies, in
accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any Company director or officer.

13.          Period of Limitations. No action, lawsuit, or proceeding may be
brought against Indemnitee or Indemnitee's spouse, heirs, executors, or personal
or legal representatives, nor may any cause of action be asserted in any such
action, lawsuit or proceeding, by or on behalf of the Companies, after the
expiration of two years after the statute of limitations commences with respect
to Indemnitee's act or omission that gave rise to the action, lawsuit,
proceeding or cause of action; provided, however, that, if any shorter period of
limitations is otherwise applicable to any such action, lawsuit, proceeding or
cause of action, the shorter period shall govern.

14.          Amendments. No supplement, modification or amendment of this
Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties
hereto. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless
in a writing signed by the party granting the waiver. No waiver of any of the
provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any
other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall that waiver
constitute a continuing waiver.

15.          Other Sources. Indemnitee shall not be required to exercise any
rights that Indemnitee may have against any other Person (for example, under an
insurance policy) before Indemnitee enforces his rights under this Agreement.
However, to the extent the Companies actually indemnify Indemnitee or advances
him Expenses, the Companies shall be subrogated to the rights of Indemnitee and
shall be entitled to enforce any such rights which Indemnitee may have against
third parties. Indemnitee shall assist the Companies in enforcing those rights
if it pays his costs and expenses of doing so. If Indemnitee is actually
indemnified or advanced Expenses by any third party, then, for so long as
Indemnitee is not required to disgorge the amounts so received, to that extent
the


                                       11
<PAGE>

Companies shall be relieved of their obligation to indemnify Indemnitee or
advance Indemnitee Expenses.

16.          Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective
successors, assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by merger or
consolidation), spouses, heirs and personal and legal representatives. This
Agreement shall continue in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to
serve as an officer or director of the Companies or another enterprise at the
Companies' request.

17.          Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during
the term hereof, that provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall
be construed and enforced as if that illegal, invalid, or unenforceable
provision had never comprised a part hereof; and the remaining provisions shall
remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement.
Furthermore, in lieu of that illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision, there
shall be added automatically as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar
in terms to the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible
and be legal, valid, and enforceable.

18.          Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to
contracts made and to be performed in that state without giving effect to the
principles of conflicts of laws.

19.          Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

20.          Notices. Whenever this Agreement requires or permits notice to be
given by one party to the other, such notice must be in writing to be effective
and shall be deemed delivered and received by the party to whom it is sent upon
actual receipt (by any means) of such notice. Receipt of a notice by the
Secretary of a Company shall be deemed receipt of such notice by such Company.

21.          Complete Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete
understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than any
indemnification rights that Indemnitee may enjoy under the Certificate of
Incorporation, the Bylaws or the Delaware General Corporation Law.

22.          Effective Date. This Agreement shall be effective as of September
30, 2002.



                                       12
<PAGE>

23.          Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which were taken together shall be deemed one and the same
instrument.

      EXECUTED as of the date first written above.


                                        ATRIUM CORPORATION



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Jeff L. Hull
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer





                                        ATRIUM COMPANIES, INC.



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Jeff L. Hull
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer





                                        INDEMNITEE



                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Philip J. Ragona






                                       13
<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A


Atrium Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation



                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
