<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>acquisition_agmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ACQUISITION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


EXHIBIT 2.1
-----------

                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT
                              ---------------------

     AGREEMENT  dated  as of February 28, 2003, by and among HERITAGE WORLDWIDE,
INC.,  a  Delaware  corporation  ("HWWI"), the persons and/or entities listed on
Exhibit  A  attached  hereto  and  made  a  part  hereof,  being  the  majority
stockholders  of  HWWI  (the  "Majority Stockholders"), POLY IMPLANTS PROTHESES,
S.A.,  a  French  limited  liability  entity  ("PIP"),  and MILO FINANCE S.A., a
Luxembourg  limited  liability entity and the holder of a majority of the issued
and  outstanding  capital  stock  of  PIP  now  and  as  of the Closing Date, as
hereinafter  defined  (the  "Seller").

     WHEREAS,  PIP  owns  95% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PIP
Espagne,  S.A.,  a  Spanish  limited  liability  entity  ("PIP  Espagne");  and

     WHEREAS, the Seller desires to sell and HWWI desires to purchase all of the
shares  of  capital  stock of PIP held by Seller on the terms and subject to the
conditions  set  forth  in  this  Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  premises  and  other good and
valuable  consideration,  receipt  of  which is hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereby  agree  as  follows:

     1.     Purchase  and  Sale.  At  the  Closing, on the Closing Date (both as
hereinafter  defined)  and  subject  to  the  satisfaction  and/or waiver of the
Conditions  specified  in  Sections 7 and 13 hereof, the Seller hereby agrees to
sell,  transfer,  assign  and convey to HWWI, and HWWI hereby agrees to purchase
and  acquire  from  the  Seller,  225,504  shares  of  capital  stock  of  PIP,
constituting approximately 99.44% of the shares of PIP issued and outstanding at
the  time  of  the  Closing  ("Seller  Shares").

     2.     Purchase Price.  The aggregate purchase price to be paid by HWWI for
the  Seller Shares shall be 13,741,667 newly issued shares (the "New Shares") of
its  common  stock,  par  value $.001 per share ("Common Stock"), which shall be
issued  to the Seller on the basis of approximately 60.94 shares of Common Stock
for  each Seller Share. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued; in
lieu  thereof,  the  number  of  New  Shares to be issued to the Seller shall be
rounded  up to the next whole share.  At Closing, the New Shares shall represent
not  less than 85% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted
basis.  Upon  issuance, all of the New Shares shall be validly issued fully paid
and  non-assessable.

     3.  Warranties and Representations of PIP. In order to induce HWWI to enter
into this Agreement and to complete the transaction contemplated hereby, PIP and
the  Seller  warrant  and  represent  to  HWWI  that:

          (a)  Organization  and  Standing.  Each of PIP and PIP Espagne is duly
existing  under  the  laws of the country of its creation and has full power and
authority  to  carry  on  its  business  as  now  conducted.  Attached hereto as
Schedule  3(a) are true and correct copies of PIP's organizational documents, as
amended  to  the  date  hereof.  No  changes  thereto  shall  be made before the
Closing.

<PAGE>

          (b)  Capitalization;  Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, the entire
authorized and issued capital of PIP shall be as set forth in Schedule 3(b).  As
of  the Closing Date, there shall be no other voting or equity securities of PIP
authorized or issued, nor any authorized or issued securities of PIP convertible
into  voting  stock, and no outstanding subscriptions, warrants, calls, options,
rights,  commitments  or  agreements  by  which  PIP is bound, providing for the
issuance  of any additional shares of common stock or any other voting or equity
security.  At Closing, the Seller Shares will constitute approximately 99.44% of
the  voting power, right to receive dividends, when as and if declared and paid,
and  right  to receive the proceeds of liquidation attributable to common stock,
if any, of PIP. PIP Espagne is the only subsidiary of PIP. PIP owns, and will at
Closing  continue to own, 95% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of PIP
Espagne.

          (c) Ownership of Seller Shares. As of Closing, the Seller will be the
sole  owner of the Seller Shares, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, and
restrictions  whatsoever, except that the Seller Shares have not been registered
under  the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or under
any  other  applicable  securities laws. By the transfer of the Seller Shares to
HWWI  pursuant to this Agreement, HWWI shall acquire not less than approximately
99.44%  of  the  capital stock of PIP, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances
and restrictions of any nature whatsoever, except by reason of the fact that the
Seller  Shares  shall  not  have been registered under the Securities Act or any
other  applicable  securities  laws.


          (d)  Taxes.  Each of PIP and PIP Espagne has filed all tax returns and
reports  that  it  is  required to file with all governmental agencies, wherever
situated,  and  has  paid  or  accrued  for  payment  all taxes as shown on such
returns,  such  that  a failure to file, pay or accrue shall not have a material
adverse  effect  on  PIP.

          (e)  Governmental  Regulations. PIP holds, directly or indirectly, the
licenses  and  registrations  set  forth  on  Schedule  3(e)(i)  hereto from the
jurisdictions  set forth therein.  All of such licenses and registrations are in
full  force  and effect, and there are no proceedings, hearings or other actions
pending  that  may  affect  the  validity  or  continuation  of any of them.  No
approval  of  any third party is required for the completion of the transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary
contained  herein  or elsewhere in this Agreement, no representation or warranty
whatsoever is made as to licensing or registration requirements of the U.S. Food
and  Drug  Administration  (the  "FDA"), any application for a license or permit
from or any registration pending before the FDA, or any investigation, action or
proceeding,  if  any,  relating  to  any  of  the  foregoing.

          (f)  Ownership  of  Assets. Except for the premises leased by each for
their  respective  operations, each of PIP, and PIP Espagne has good, marketable
title, without any material liens or encumbrances of any nature whatever, to all
of  its  material  assets,  properties and rights of every type and description,
including,  without  limitation,  if  any,  its  corporate name and all variants
thereof,  trademarks  and  trade  names,  copyrights  and  interests thereunder,
licenses  and  registrations,  pending  licenses  and  permits  and applications
therefor,  inventions,  processes,  know-how,  trade  secrets,  customer  lists,
machinery,  equipment,  books  and  records and good will, and shall continue to
hold  such  title on and after the completion of the transaction contemplated by
this  Agreement;  nor, except in the ordinary course of its business, has any of
them  disposed  of  any  asset  since  the date of the most recent balance sheet
described  in  Section  3(m)  of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary  contained  herein  or  elsewhere in this Agreement, no representation


                                        2
<PAGE>

or  warranty  is  made  with  respect  to the exclusivity of any of the customer
lists, corporate trademarks, tradename, inventions, processes, know-how or trade
secrets,  but  PIP  does  represent  and warrant that it has no knowledge of any
claim  that  use  of  any of the foregoing by any of those entities violates the
rights  of  any  person  or  entity.

          (g)  No  Interest in Suppliers, Customers or Competitors. Neither Jean
Claude  Mas nor any member of his family has any interest of any nature whatever
in  any  supplier,  customer  or  competitor  of  PIP,  or  PIP  Espagne

          (h)  No  Debt  Owed  by  PIP  to  Shareholders. Except as set forth in
Schedule  3(h),  neither  PIP,  nor  PIP  Espagne owes any money, securities, or
property  to any Seller or to any member of any Seller's family or to any entity
controlled  by  such  person.  To  the  extent that PIP may have any undisclosed
liability to pay any sum or property to any Seller, such person or entity hereby
forever  irrevocably  releases  and discharges such liability and, to the extent
that  PIP  may  have any undisclosed liability to pay any sum or property to any
member of the family of any Seller, such Seller shall assume full responsibility
therefor.

          (i)  Corporate  Records.  All of the books and records of PIP, and PIP
Espagne,  including,  without  limitation,  their  respective  books of account,
corporate  records,  minute  book, stock certificate books and other records are
up-to-date,  complete  and  fairly  reflect  the  conduct of its business in all
material  respects  since  its  date  of  incorporation.

          (j)  Validity  of  this Agreement. All corporate and other proceedings
required  to  be taken by PIP and the Seller in order to enter into and to carry
out  this  Agreement have been duly and properly taken.  This Agreement has been
executed  by  a person duly authorized by the Seller to do so on its behalf, and
constitutes  the  valid  and  binding  obligation  thereof, except to the extent
limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency, moratorium or
other  laws  relating  to  or  effecting  generally the enforcement of creditors
rights.  The  execution  and  delivery of this Agreement and the carrying out of
its  purposes  shall  not result in the breach of any of the terms or conditions
of,  or  constitute  a default under or violate, the organizational documents of
PIP,  or  any  material  agreement, lease, mortgage, bond, indenture, license or
other  document or undertaking, oral or written, to which PIP, and/or the Seller
is  a  party  or is bound or may be affected, nor shall such execution, delivery
and carrying out violate any material order, writ, injunction, decree, law, rule
or  regulation of any court, regulatory agency or other governmental injunction,
decree,  law,  rule  or  regulation  of  any  court,  regulatory agency or other
governmental  body.  The  business  now  conducted  by  PIP  and PIP Espagne can
continue  to  be  so  conducted after completion of the transaction contemplated
hereby.

          (k)  Enforceability  of  this  Agreement.  When  duly  executed  and
delivered,  this  Agreement  and  the  Exhibits  and Schedules hereto, which are
incorporated  herein  and  made  a  part  hereof,  shall  be  legal,  valid, and
enforceable  by  HWWI  and  the  Majority Stockholders according to their terms,
except  to  the  extent  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,
insolvency,  moratorium  or  other  laws  relating to or effecting generally the
enforcement  of  creditors  rights  and  that  upon the Closing, HWWI shall have
acquired  title  in and to the Seller Shares free and clear of all claims, liens
and  encumbrances.

          (l) Access to Books and Records. Subject to any reasonable requirement
relating  to confidentiality and to non-disclosure of proprietary information of
PIP  and  PIP  Espagne,  HWWI  shall  have full and free access to the books and
records  of  each  during the course of this transaction prior to Closing, upon
reasonable  notice  and  during  regular  business  hours.

                                        3
<PAGE>

          (m)  Financial  Statements.  PIP's  consolidated  financial statements
attached  hereto  as  Schedule 3(m) accurately describe in all material respects
the  financial  position  of  PIP  as  of  the  date  thereof.

          (n) Pending Actions. Other than as listed in Schedule 3(n) hereto, and
subject  to  the limitations set forth above in Section 3(e), there are no legal
actions,  lawsuits,  proceedings,  or  investigations,  either administrative or
judicial,  pending  or  threatened,  against or affecting PIP or PIP Espagne, or
against  the  Seller  that  arise  out of the operation of those entities, or to
laws,  rules and regulations governing the sale of its products or services, the
Securities  Act,  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"),  the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"),  or  the  securities  laws or regulations of any state or of the United
States,  Luxembourg,  France,  Spain  or  any  other country in which PIP or PIP
Espagne  are  conducting  business,  which,  if  adversely  determined,  could
reasonably  be  expected  to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  PIP.

     4.     Warranties  and  Representations  of  HWWI  and  the  Majority
Stockholders.  In order to induce PIP and the Seller to enter this Agreement and
to  complete  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  HWWI  and  the  Majority
Stockholders  warrant  and  represent  to  PIP  and  to  the  Seller  that:

          (a)  Organization  and  Standing.  HWWI  is  a  corporation  duly
organized  validly  existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware,  is  qualified  to do business as a foreign corporation in every other
state  in  which  it operates to the extent required by the laws of such states,
and  has  full power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and
to  own  and  operate  its  assets,  properties  and  business.

          (b)  Capitalization.  HWWI's  entire  authorized  equity  capital
consists  of  55,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 50,000,000 shares are
designated  as  Common  Stock,  and 5,000,000 shares are designated as preferred
stock  $0.001 par value per share ("Preferred Stock"). An aggregate of 2,425,000
shares  of  Common  Stock  are  issued and outstanding and are held of record by
non-affiliates of HWWI and an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock are
issued  and are held of record in the name of HWWI's wholly-owned subsidiary, HW
Acquisition,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation, which shares of Common Stock have
been  treated as and are properly considered treasury shares and not outstanding
under generally accepted accounting principals and under Delaware corporate law.
There  are  no  shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding and there are no
other  voting  or  equity  securities  convertible  into  voting  stock  and  no
outstanding  subscriptions,  warrants,  calls,  options,  rights, commitments or
agreements  by  which  HWWI is bound, calling for the issuance of any additional
shares  of  common  stock or any other voting or equity security. The By-laws of
HWWI  provide  that  a  simple  majority  of the shares voting at a stockholders
meeting at which a quorum is present may elect all of the directors of HWWI. The
Certificate  of  Incorporation and By-laws of HWWI do not provide for cumulative
voting.

          (c)  Ownership  of  Shares.  By  and  upon the issuance by HWWI of the
New  Shares  to  the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller shall acquire
good,  absolute,  marketable  title  thereto,  free  and  clear  of  all  liens,
encumbrances  and  restrictions  of any nature whatever, except by reason of the
fact  that  such  New Shares shall not have been registered under the Securities
Act.

                                        4
<PAGE>

          (d)  Significant  Agreements.  HWWI  is  not  and shall not at Closing
be  bound by  any  of  the  following:

               (i)  Employment,  advisory  or  consulting  contract;

               (ii)  Plan  providing  for  employee  benefits  of  any  nature;

               (iii)  Lease  with  respect  to  any  property  or  equipment;

               (iv)  Contract  or  commitment  for  any  future  expenditure  in
excess  of  $1,000 in  the  aggregate;

               (v)  Contract  or  commitment  pursuant  to which it has assumed,
guaranteed,  endorsed or otherwise become liable for any obligation of any other
person  firm  or  organization;

               (vi)  Other  contract,  agreement,  understanding,  commitment or
arrangement;  or

               (vii)  Agreement  with  any  person  relating  to  the  dividend,
purchase  or  sale  of  securities, that has not been settled by the delivery or
payment  of  securities  when  due, and which remains unsettled upon the date of
this  Agreement.

          (e)  Taxes.  HWWI  has  filed  all  federal,  state  and  local
income  or  other  tax  returns and reports that it is required to file with all
governmental  agencies,  wherever  situated,  and has paid all taxes as shown on
such  returns.  All  of  such  returns  are  true  and  complete.

          (f)  Absence  of  Liabilities.  As  of  the  date  hereof  and  at and
as of the Closing, HWWI has and shall have no liabilities of any kind or nature,
fixed  or  contingent,  except  for  the  costs,  including legal fees and other
expenses,  in  connection  with  this  transaction,  for  which  the  Majority
Stockholders  of  HWWI  agree  to  be  responsible  and  to  pay  in  full.

          (g)  No  Pending  Actions.  There  are  no  legal  actions,
lawsuits,  proceedings  or  investigations,  either  administrative or judicial,
pending  or  threatened,  against  or  affecting  HWWI, or against any of HWWI's
officers  or  directors  and arising out of their operation of HWWI. HWWI is and
has  at  all  times  been  in  compliance  with,  and has not received notice of
violation  of  any law, ordinance or regulation of any kind whatever, including,
but  not  limited  to,  the  Securities  Act,  the  Exchange  Act, the rules and
regulations  of  the  SEC,  or the securities laws and regulations of any state.

          (h)  Holding  Company  and  Investment  Company  Status.  The  HWWI is
not an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company"
within  the  meaning  of  the  Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or an
"investment  adviser" within the meaning of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940,
as  amended.


                                        5
<PAGE>

          (i)  Corporate  Records.  All  of  HWWI's  books  and  records,
including,  without  limitation, its books of account, corporate records, minute
book,  stock  certificate  books  and other records are up-to-date, complete and
reflect  accurately and fairly the conduct of its business in all respects since
its  date  of incorporation; all of said books and records shall be delivered to
HWWI's  new  management  at  the  Closing.

          (j)  Reporting  Company.  HWWI  is  an  issuer  of  securities that is
subject  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is neither exempt from
reporting  pursuant  to  Rule  12g3-2(b)  of  the  Exchange  Act  nor  a foreign
government  as  defined  in  Rule  405  of  the  Securities  Act.

          (k)  No  Misleading  Statements  or  Omissions.  None  of  the
information  furnished  by  HWWI  for  purposes  of  or  in connection with this
Agreement  or  with  any  transaction  contemplated  hereby,  including  without
limitation  the  information  contained  in  this Agreement and the Exhibits and
Schedules  hereto,  in any financial statement or in any other document attached
hereto  or  presented  to  the  Seller and/or PIP in connection herewith, and no
currently  effective  filing made by HWWI under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC or the securities laws and regulations
of any state, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
a  material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of
the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading.

          (l)  Validity  of  this  Agreement.  All  corporate  and  other
proceedings  which  HWWI is required to take in order to enter into and to carry
out  this  Agreement  have been duly and properly taken. This Agreement has been
duly executed by a person authorized by HWWI and by the Majority Stockholders on
behalf  of  each,  and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of HWWI and of
the  Majority Stockholders. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
carrying  out of its purposes shall not result in the breach of any of the terms
or  conditions  of, or constitute a default under or violate, HWWI's Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws, or any agreement, lease, mortgage, bond, indenture,
license  or other document or undertaking, oral or written, to which HWWI or any
of  the  Majority  Stockholders  is  a party or is bound or may be affected, nor
shall  such  execution,  delivery  and  carrying  out  violate  any order, writ,
injunction,  decree,  law, rule or regulation of any court, regulatory agency or
other  governmental  body.

          (m)  Enforceability  of  this  Agreement.  When  duly  executed  and
delivered,  this  Agreement  and  the  Exhibits  and Schedules hereto, which are
incorporated herein and made a part hereof, are legal, valid, and enforceable by
PIP  and  the  Seller  according  to  their  terms, and that at the time of such
execution and delivery, the Seller shall have acquired good, marketable title in
and  to the New Shares acquired pursuant hereto, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances.

          (n)  Access  to  Books  and  Records.  Subject  to  any  reasonable
requirement  relating  confidentiality  and  non-disclosure  of  proprietary
information  of  HWWI,  PIP  shall have full and free access to HWWI's books and
records  during  the  course  of  this  transaction prior to and at the Closing.

          (o)  HWWI  Financial  Statements.  To  the  extent  that  it  has  not
already  done  so,  prior  to  the  Closing, HWWI shall provide PIP with audited
financial  statements,  and  all  current filings made or required to be made by


                                        6
<PAGE>

HWWI  under  the  Securities  Act  or  any  other  applicable  securities  laws,
including,  but  not  limited to, its Form 10QSB for the quarter ended September
30,  2002.

          (p)  HWWI  Financial  Condition.  As  of  the Closing, HWWI shall have
no  assets or  liabilities.

          (q)  Majority  Stockholder  Approval.  The  Majority  Stockholders  of
HWWI own of record or in "street name", and beneficially, not less than 82.3% of
the issued and outstanding common stock of HWWI and have approved this Agreement
and  the transactions contemplated hereby and shall vote for and shall use their
best efforts to obtain the approval of other HWWI stockholders to the provisions
of  Section  9(c)  hereof  in  accordance  with  Laws  &  Regs.

          (r)  Subsidiaries.  On  the  Closing  Date,  HWWI  shall  have  no
subsidiaries.

     5.  Survival;  Remedies.  All  representations  and  warranties  made
herein  and  in  the  Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto shall survive for a
period of one year following the Closing. In the event of material breach of any
warranty  or  any  material misrepresentation contained in this Agreement, which
shall  not  be  willful,  the  sole  remedy  of the non-breaching party shall be
rescission  of  this  Agreement.

     6.  HWWI  Shares.  All  of  the  New  Shares  shall  be  validly  issued,
full-paid  and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock, with full voting rights,
dividend  rights,  and  right to receive the proceeds of liquidation, if any, as
set  forth  in  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  HWWI.

     7.  Conditions  Precedent  to  Closing.

          (a)  The  obligations  of  PIP  and  of  the  Seller  under  this
Agreement  shall  be and are subject to fulfillment, prior to or at the Closing,
of each of the following conditions, in addition to that specified in Section 13
hereof  (together,  "Conditions  Precedent"):

               (i)  That  the  representations  and  warranties  of  HWWI  and
the  Majority  Stockholders  contained  herein  shall be true and correct on the
Closing  Date, as if such representations and warranties were made at such time;

               (ii)  That  HWWI  and  the  Majority  Stockholders  shall  have
performed or complied with all agreements, terms and conditions required by this
Agreement  to  be  performed or complied with by them prior to or at the time of
Closing.

          (b)  The  obligations  of  HWWI  under  this  Agreement  shall  be
and  are  subject  to  fulfillment,  prior  to  or at the Closing of each of the
following  conditions:

               (i)  That  the  representations  and  warranties  of  PIP  and
the Seller contained herein shall be true and correct at the time of Closing, as
if  such  representations  and  warranties  were  made  at  such  time;  and


                                        7
<PAGE>

               (ii)  That  PIP  and  the  Seller  shall  have  performed  or
complied with all agreements, terms and conditions required by this Agreement to
be  performed  or  complied  with  by  each  prior  to  or  on the Closing Date.

     8.  Termination.  This  Agreement  may  be  terminated  at  any  time
before  or at  Closing:

          (a)  By  the  mutual  agreement  of  the  parties;

          (b)  If  any  legal  proceeding  shall  have  been  instituted  or
shall  be  imminently  threatened  which  delays,  restrains  or  prevents  the
consummation  of  this  Agreement;

          (c)  By  HWWI  and  the  Majority  Stockholders  ("HWWI  Parties"):

               (i)  if  a  representation  made  by  PIP  or  by  the  Seller
shall  be materially  untrue;

               (ii)  if  any  warranty  made  by  PIP  or  by  the  Seller shall
be  materially breached;  and

               (iii)  if  PIP  or  the  Seller  shall  fail  to  perform  any
material agreement which it is required to perform hereunder, prior to or at the
Closing.

          (d)  By  PIP  and  the  Seller,

               (i)  if  a  representation  made  by  any  of  the  HWWI  Parties
shall  be materially  untrue;

               (ii)  if  any  warranty  made  by  any  of  the  HWWI  Parties
shall  be materially  breached;  and

               (iii)  if  any  of  the  HWWI  Parties  fails  to  perform  any
agreement  required to be performed by it hereunder, prior to or at the Closing.

     9.  Post  Closing.  As  soon  as  practical  after  the  Closing,  in
accordance  with Laws & Regs, HWWI, at the expense of the Majority Stockholders:

          (a)  shall  prepare  and  submit  all  filings  required  by  the  SEC
and  the NASD  as  a  result  of  the  transactions  herein  contemplated;

          (b)  shall  apply  for  listing  on  the  NASDAQ  Small  Cap  market
(as  soon  as  the  necessary requirements for listing have been satisfied); and

          (c)  shall  take  necessary  steps  pursuant  to  Law  &  Regs  to
change  its  name  as directed  by  the  Board  of  Directors  of  HWWI.

     10.  Exhibits  and  Schedules.  All  Exhibits  and  Schedules
attached hereto are incorporated herein by this reference as if they were herein
set  forth  in  their  entirety.

     11.  Miscellaneous  Provisions.


                                        8
<PAGE>

          (a)  This  Agreement  is  the  entire  agreement  between  the
parties  in  respect  of  the  subject  matter  hereof  and supercedes all prior
agreements,  written  or  oral, and all contemporaneous oral agreements, if any.
This  Agreement  may not be modified, except by a writing executed by all of the
parties  hereto.

          (b)  The  failure  to  insist  upon  strict  compliance  with  any  of
the  terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the waiver of any term,
covenant, condition or right shall not be deemed such a waiver or relinquishment
at  any other time or times. Any waiver of any provision hereof, or of any right
arising  under  or  out of this Agreement must be in writing, so denominated and
executed  by  all  parties  hereto.

          (c)  Except  as  herein  contained,  neither  party  has  made  any
representation  or  warranty  to  the  other and in any event no party hereto is
relying on any representation or warranty made by any other party hereto that is
not  contained  in  this  Agreement.

     12.  Additional  Capital.

          (a)  Immediately  following  the  Closing,  the  Majority
Stockholders,  either directly or through one or more designees thereof (for the
purposes  of  this  Section  12,  "Financial Advisor") and the management of the
combined  companies  shall use their best efforts to obtain, through one or more
private  placements  of unregistered equity securities of HWWI, and on terms and
conditions  satisfactory  to  the Seller, an investment in HWWI of not less than
$1,000,000,  $500,000  of  which  shall be made not later than thirty days after
Closing  (the  "First  Investment")  and  the balance of which shall be made not
later  than  ninety  days  after  Closing  (the  "Second  Investment").

          (b)  GEM  Global  Yield  Fund  (or  its  designees(s)),
collectively  referred  to as "GEM") will be entitled to receive warrants in the
form  of Exhibit B (the "Warrants") to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of Common
Stock,  exercisable at a price of $1.00 per share, as compensation for acting as
an  advisor to PIP with respect to this transaction. The Warrants will be issued
in  units  of  100,000  shares  of  Common  Stock  and will be held in escrow by
Morrison  Cohen  Singer  &  Weinstein,  LLP  in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant  Escrow  Agreement in the form of Exhibit C. GEM agrees that neither the
Warrants  nor  any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
may  be sold prior to the second anniversary of Closing, except with the express
written  permission  of  the Board of Directors of HWWI and such shares shall be
placed  and  held  in  escrow  in  accordance  with  the Restricted Stock Escrow
Agreement  in  the  form  of Exhibit D (the "Restricted Stock Escrow Agreement")

          (c)  The  right  of  GEM  to  receive  all  or  any  portion  of  the
first  500,000  Warrants  shall expire in the event that the First Investment is
not  completed  within  30 days of Closing (the "First Expiration Date") and the
right  of  GEM  to  receive all or any portion of the remaining 500,000 Warrants
shall  expire in the event the Second Investment is not completed within 90 days
of  Closing  (the  "Second  Expiration  Date").  The expiration of such right to
receive  Warrants shall be made on a pro rata basis in proportion to the amount,
if any, of the First Investment or the Second Investment actually made into HWWI
on  or prior to such dates. Accordingly, if an aggregate of $700,000 is invested
60  days  after Closing, GEM would not be entitled to receive any portion of the
first  500,000  Warrants  as the First Investment was not completed prior to the
First  Expiration  Date  but  would be entitled to receive the remaining 500,000
Warrants  if  the Second Investment was completed prior to the Second Expiration
Date.


                                        9
<PAGE>

          (d)  The  holders  of  the  Warrants  shall  be  entitled  to
piggy-back  registration  rights  in accordance with the terms of a Registration
Rights  Agreement  in  the  form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  E.

          (e)  In  no  event  shall  the  Financial  Advisor  be  entitled  to
reimbursement  for its  expenses  in  connection  with  its  efforts.

     13.  Stockholders'  Agreement.  As  a  condition  precedent  to  the
obligations  of  the  parties  hereto,  they  shall  enter  into a Stockholders'
Agreement  substantially  in  the  form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  F, which
provides,  among  other  things,  for  the  following:

          (a)  the  Majority  Stockholders  shall  not,  at  any  time  prior
to  the  expiration  of  120  days  from  the  Closing Date dispose of more than
1,000,000  shares,  in  the  aggregate,  of  Common  Stock of HWWI held by them;

          (b)  the  Majority  Stockholders  shall  sell  no  more  than  an
aggregate  of 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock (including any shares referred to
in  Section  13(a))  prior  to  the  240th  day  after  the  Closing;

          (c)  the  Majority  Stockholders  shall  grant  the  Seller  the
option  to  participate with the Majority Stockholders in the sale of any Common
Stock on a share for share basis with respect to the sale of any Block of Common
Stock  (a  "Block" being defined as a single sale of more than 300,000 shares of
Common  Stock  sold  privately  off  the OTB Bulletin or other exchange on which
HWWI's  stock  is  then  traded)  ;

          (e)  the  Majority  Stockholders  shall  vote  for  two  designees
of  the  Seller  as directors  of  HWWI;

          (f)  the  Seller  shall  vote  for  one  designee  of  the  Majority
Stockholders  as directors of HWWI for so long as the Majority Stockholders own,
in  the  aggregate,  at  least  7%  of  the issued and outstanding Common Stock;

          (g)  if  any  Warrants  are  released  from  escrow  to  GEM  and  if
any  such  released  Warrants are exercised within a period of 2 years following
the  date  such  Warrants  are  issued, then the Common Stock received upon such
exercise  (i)  shall not be sold within 24 months following the date the Warrant
which gave rise to such Common Stock, was issued; (ii) shall be delivered to the
Escrow  Agent named in the Restricted Stock Escrow Agreement to be dealt with in
accordance  with  that  Escrow  Agreement.

     14.  Closing.  The  Closing  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement  ("Closing")  shall take place at 10:00 A.M. on (a) the fifth business
day  after all parties hereto have executed this Agreement and all documents and
schedules  referred to herein have been finalized and appended to the Agreement,
or  (b)  on  such  other  date  as the parties hereto shall agree upon ("Closing
Date").

     15.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, and any
disputed  hereunder  shall be submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of the
State  of  New  York.


                                       10
<PAGE>

     16.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  duplicate
facsimile  counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original and together
shall  constitute one and the same binding Agreement, with one counterpart being
to  each  party  hereto.

     17.  Satisfaction  Requirement.  If  any  agreement,  certificate  or
other  writing,  or  any  action  taken  or to be taken, is by the terms of this
Agreement  required  to  be satisfactory to any party, the determination of such
satisfaction  shall  be  made by such party in its sole and exclusive discretion
exercised  in  good  faith.

     18.  Notices.  All  notices,  requests,  demands,  consents,  approvals
and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be given personally, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by
prepaid  air  courier  to the party at its address or fax number given below its
signature  to  this  Agreement. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been
given  when  received.  A  copy  of  any  notice  given  hereunder  shall  be
simultaneously  sent  to  counsel  for  the  respective  parties,  as  follows:

               If  to counsel for PIP and the Seller (and, after the Closing, if
To counsel  for  HWWI):

                    Morrison  Cohen  Singer  &  Weinstein,  LLP
                    750  Lexington  Avenue
                    New  York,  New  York  10022
                    Attention:  Jay  W.  Seeman/Michael  Connolly
                    Fax:  (212)  735-8708

               If  to  counsel for the Majority Stockholders (and, prior to
the  Closing,  if to  counsel  for  HWWI):
                    Kaplan  Gottbetter  &  Levenson,  LLP
                    630  Third  Avenue
                    New  York,  New  York  10017-6705
                    Attention:  Adam  S.  Gottbetter,  Esq.
                    Fax:  (212)  983-9210

               Any party hereto, or counsel for any party hereto, may change the
Address  and/or  fax  number  for  notices  intended  for  it by giving a notice
complying  with  this  paragraph to the parties hereto and to the other counsel,
but  such  notice  shall  not  be  effective  until  actually  received.


                   [Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]


                                       11
<PAGE>

     IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Acquisition
Agreement  as  of  the  date  first  above  written.

                                          POLY IMPLANTS PROTHESES, S.A.

                                              /s/ Jean Claude Mas
                                          By: ----------------------------------
                                              Jean Claude Mas, President of C.A.
                                              337 Av. De Bruxelles
                                              83507 La Seyne-sur-Mer
                                              France

                                          HERITAGE  WORLDWIDE,  INC.

                                              /s/ Fabrice  Viguier
                                          By: ----------------------------------
                                              Fabrice  Viguier,  President
                                              712  5th  Avenue,  7th  Floor
                                              New  York,  NY  10019


                                          MILO  FINANCE  S.A.

                                              /s/ Alain  Sereyjol  Garros
                                          By: ----------------------------------
                                              Alain  Sereyjol  Garros
                                              Authorized  Signatory
                                              2  rue  Jean  Engling
                                              LX  1510  Luxembourg,
                                              Luxembourg






                [FIRST SIGNATURE PAGES TO ACQUISITION AGREEMENT]

                                       12
<PAGE>

                                         GEM  GLOBAL  YIELD  FUND  LTD.

                                              /s/ James Loughran
                                         By:  ----------------------------------
                                            James Loughran, Authorized Signatory
                                            38 Hertford St.
                                            London  W1Y7TG


                                         GEM  SINGAPORE,  LTD.

                                              /s/ James Loughran
                                         By:  ----------------------------------
                                            James Loughran, Authorized Signatory
                                            38 Hertford St.
                                            London  W1Y7TG


                                         OCEAN  STRATEGIC  HOLDINGS  LTD.

                                              /s/ James Loughran
                                         By:  ----------------------------------
                                            James Loughran, Authorized Signatory
                                            38 Hertford St.
                                            London  W1Y7TG


                                         GEM  STRATEGIC  HOLDINGS  LTD.

                                              /s/ James Loughran
                                         By:  ----------------------------------
                                            James Loughran, Authorized Signatory
                                            38 Hertford St.
                                            London  W1Y7TG







                [SECOND SIGNATURE PAGE TO ACQUISITION AGREEMENT]

                                       13
<PAGE>

Exhibits
--------

Exhibit  A          Majority  Stockholders
Exhibit  B          Form  of  Warrant
Exhibit  C          Form  of  Warrant  Escrow  Agreement
Exhibit  D          Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Escrow  Agreement
Exhibit  E          Form  of  Registration  Rights  Agreement
Exhibit  F          Form  of  Stockholders'  Agreement

Schedules
---------
Schedule  3(b)      Capitalization  at  Closing
Schedule  3(e)(i)   Licenses  and  Registrations
Schedule  3(h)      Shareholder  Debt
Schedule  3(m)      Financial  Statements
Schedule  3(n)      Pending  Actions


                                       14
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
