<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d02286a2exv2w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 2.3


                                 FIRST AMENDMENT
                             TO SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

         This First Amendment to Settlement Agreement (the "First Amendment") is
made and entered into as of this 1st day of October by and among Crescent Real
Estate Equities Limited Partnership ("Crescent"), Crescent Real Estate Equities
Company ("Crescent REIT"), Crescent Operating, Inc. ("COPI"), Rosestar
Management LLC, Canyon Ranch Leasing, L.L.C., Wine Country Hotel, LLC d/b/a
Vintage Resorts, LLC, Rosestar Southwest, LLC and COI Hotel Group (collectively,
the "Transferring Subsidiaries").

         WHEREAS, the parties hereto previously entered into that certain
Settlement Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2002, relating to the various
agreements among the parties that are documented therein (the "Effective
Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the parties have consummated certain of the transactions
provided for in the Effective Agreement and have commenced performance of other
transactions;

         WHEREAS, COPI has requested that, in addition to the funds Crescent has
already advanced to COPI under the COPI Budget Note for specified budgeted
expenses, Crescent advance additional funds to COPI for additional operating
expenses, and Crescent is willing to advance these funds to COPI in accordance
with specified terms;

         WHEREAS, the parties have determined that they wish to change certain
of the provisions of the Effective Agreement relating to transactions that have
not yet been performed, to clarify certain provisions of the Effective Agreement
and to enter into additional or revised agreements as to various matters; and

         WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Effective Agreement, in
accordance with Section 10.07 of the Effective Agreement, to reflect such
changes;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt,
adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
intending legally to be bound, hereby agree as follows.

1.       CLARIFICATION AND AMENDMENT OF DEFINED TERM. The defined term "CEI/COPI
         Payments" contained in Section 1.01 is hereby deleted in its entirety
         and replaced with the following:

                                    "CEI/COPI Payments" means all amounts paid,
                  pre-paid, advanced, incurred or accrued up to and including
                  the Confirmation Date by or on behalf of Crescent, Crescent
                  REIT or their Affiliates in connection with the preparation of
                  this Agreement, the Operative Agreements and the consummation
                  of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, or
                  relating hereto or thereto, including, without limitation, all
                  such amounts paid, advanced, incurred or accrued by Crescent
                  or Crescent REIT pursuant to, and in accordance with, Sections
                  2.07, 2.08, 2.09 and/or 2.15, and all fees and expenses of
                  agents, representatives,



<PAGE>

                  counsel and accountants employed by Crescent, Crescent REIT or
                  any of their Affiliates. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing,
                  CEI/COPI Payments shall be reduced by the total amount of all
                  optional or mandatory payments or prepayments, if any, whether
                  applied to accrued interest or principal, on the Revised COPI
                  Budget Note or the Second COPI Budget Note made by COPI.

         In connection with the foregoing clarification and amendment, the
parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the deletion of the phrase "for
out-of-pocket expenses," which was set forth immediately following the phrase
"means all amounts paid, advanced, incurred or accrued" in the Effective
Agreement constitutes a clarification of the original intent of the parties to
the Effective Agreement as to the meaning of the defined term "CEI/COPI
Payments," and not an amendment, change or other alteration of the meaning of
such defined term.

2.       AMENDMENT OF SECTION 1.02. Section 1.02 of the Effective Agreement is
         hereby amended to include, from and after the effective date of this
         First Amendment, the cross-references set forth below.

                  A. On the line immediately following the line containing the
         term "Registration Statement" and the reference to Section 2.10(b), the
         following shall be added to the list contained in Section 1.02 as a new
         line:

                  Revised COPI Budget Note                               2.09(a)

         with the term "Revised COPI Budget Note" included under the column
         designated "Term" and the number "2.09(a)" inserted under the column
         designated "Section".

                  B. On the line immediately following the line containing the
         term "SEC" and the reference to Section 2.04(a), the following shall be
         added to the list contained in Section 1.02 as a new line:

                  Second COPI Budget Note                                2.09(c)

         with the term "Second COPI Budget Note" included under the column
         designated "Term" and the number "2.09(c)" inserted under the column
         designated "Section".

3.       REPLACEMENT OF EXHIBIT E AND AMENDMENT OF SECTION 2.03(a). From and
         after the date hereof, (i) the Plan of Reorganization attached to the
         Effective Agreement as Exhibit E is hereby superseded and replaced in
         its entirety by the new Exhibit E attached hereto, and (ii) all
         references to the "Plan" shall refer to such new Exhibit E.

4.       AMENDMENT OF SECTION 2.09.

                  A. Section 2.09 of the Effective Agreement is hereby amended
         to include, prior to subparagraph (a) of Section 2.09 the following:

                  Pursuant to advances made by Crescent to COPI pursuant to the
         original "COPI Budget Note" attached hereto as Exhibit H, Crescent has
         advanced the principal amount of $3,631,000 as of September 30, 2002.


<PAGE>

                  B. Section 2.09(a) of the Effective Agreement is hereby
         deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                              (a) Subject to Section 5.05, Crescent has advanced
               funds to COPI sufficient for COPI to pay the reasonable and
               necessary budgeted and documented out-of-pocket operating
               expenses of COPI and its Subsidiaries (other than expenses
               attributed to, related to or incurred by CMC and its
               Subsidiaries), to the extent COPI and such Subsidiaries were
               unable to do so from their own resources, in accordance with the
               original "COPI Budget Note," which is that certain promissory
               note in the form attached as Exhibit H, in the original principal
               amount of up to $8,575,000. From and after the date hereof, the
               promissory note attached hereto as Exhibit H is superseded and
               replaced in its entirety by the amended and restated promissory
               note attached hereto as Exhibit H-1 (the "Revised COPI Budget
               Note").

                  C. Section 2.09(b) of the Effective Agreement is hereby
         deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                                    (b) Crescent also has advanced funds to COPI
                  in accordance with the COPI Budget Note for the purposes, and
                  in the amounts, specified in the Revised COPI Budget Note. In
                  addition, Crescent agrees to advance funds to COPI in
                  accordance with the Revised COPI Budget Note for the purposes,
                  and in the amounts, specified therein.

                  D. Section 2.09(c) of the Effective Agreement is hereby
         redesignated as Section 2.09(d), and a new Section 2.09(c), in the form
         set forth below, is hereby inserted in substitution of Section 2.09(c)
         of the Effective Agreement.

                                    (c) Subject to Section 5.05, Crescent agrees
                  (i) to advance funds to COPI sufficient for COPI to pay the
                  reasonable and necessary documented out-of-pocket operating
                  expenses of COPI and its Subsidiaries (other than expenses
                  attributed to, related to or incurred by CMC and its
                  Subsidiaries), to the extent COPI and such Subsidiaries are
                  unable to do so from their own resources, and (ii) to advance
                  additional funds of up to $641,000.00 to COPI, in each case in
                  accordance with a promissory note in the form attached as
                  Exhibit H-2, in the original principal amount of up to
                  $2,900,000 (the "Second COPI Budget Note"). The Second COPI
                  Budget Note will be secured by a security interest in the
                  claim, thing in action, general intangible and other
                  collateral described in that certain Security Agreement of
                  even date herewith made by COPI in favor of Crescent, on the
                  terms set forth in such Security Agreement.

                  E. Section 2.09(d) of the Effective Agreement is hereby
         deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following, which shall be
         designated as Section 2.09(e).

<PAGE>

                                    (e) The provisions of (i) this Section 2.09,
                  the COPI Budget Note, the Revised COPI Budget Note and the
                  Second COPI Budget Note, on the one hand, and (ii) Section
                  2.01(e), on the other, are mutually exclusive.

5.       AMENDMENT OF SECTION 2.10(a). Section 2.10(a) of the Effective
         Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
         following:

                                    (a) In the event that the COPI Stockholder
                  Acceptances are obtained, then on the Effective Date, each
                  person who is a holder of shares of COPI Common Stock on the
                  date the confirmation order has been entered by the Bankruptcy
                  Court (the "Confirmation Date") shall be entitled to receive
                  the number of common shares of beneficial interest, par value
                  $.01 per share, of Crescent REIT (the "Crescent REIT Common
                  Shares"), equal to the product of (i) (A) the number of shares
                  of COPI Common Stock owned by such stockholder on the
                  Confirmation Date, divided by (B) the total number of shares
                  of COPI Common Stock outstanding on the Confirmation Date, and
                  (ii) the quotient of (A) the Consideration Amount (as defined
                  below), and (B) the average of the daily closing prices per
                  Crescent REIT Common Share as reported on the New York Stock
                  Exchange Composite Transactions reporting system for the 10
                  consecutive trading days immediately preceding the
                  Confirmation Date. For purposes of this section, the
                  "Consideration Amount" shall be an amount equal to the greater
                  of (x) $10,828,497, less an amount, if any, equal to the
                  amount by which the CEI/COPI Payments exceed $5,200,000, and
                  (y) $2,165,699.40. No certificate or scrip representing
                  fractional Crescent REIT Common Shares shall be issued, and
                  all fractional shares shall be rounded up or down to the
                  nearest whole Crescent REIT Common Share.

6.       ADDITION OF NEW SECTION 2.15. A new Section 2.15, which shall read as
         follows, is hereby inserted immediately following Section 2.14 of the
         Effective Agreement:

                           2.15 Claims of Unsecured Creditors.

                                    (a) The parties hereby acknowledge that,
                  after the execution of the Effective Agreement, the Official
                  Committee of Unsecured Creditors of CMC established in
                  connection with the bankruptcy of CMC has advised COPI, and
                  COPI subsequently advised Crescent, that such Committee has
                  asserted certain claims against COPI and that it may assert
                  additional or supplemental claims against COPI and certain of
                  COPI's current and former directors and officers. COPI has
                  also advised Crescent that it disputes these claims and
                  believes they are without merit.

<PAGE>

                                    (b) The parties further acknowledge that
                  other unsecured creditors not currently Known to COPI may in
                  the future make claims in connection with the COPI bankruptcy.

                                    (c) In connection with any claim or claims
                  that either are specified or are of the type specified in
                  subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15, Crescent shall
                  have the right, but no obligation, to offer, and COPI shall
                  have the right to permit Crescent, to settle or assume any one
                  or more of such claims on such terms, including the value of
                  the settlement or assumption, as shall be agreed by and among
                  COPI, Crescent and Crescent REIT on or before the Effective
                  Date.

7.       AMENDMENT OF SECTION 3.12. Section 3.12 of the Effective Agreement is
         hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

                           3.12     Claims Against COPI.

                           Other than the claims referred to in Sections 2.06
                  through 2.09 and in Section 2.15(a), to COPI's Knowledge,
                  there are no obligations or claims existing or assertable
                  against COPI.

8.       AUTHORITY. Each party to this First Amendment represents that such
         party has full power and authority to enter into this First Amendment,
         and that this First Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding
         obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance
         with its terms.

9.       DEFINED TERMS CONTAINED IN EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT. Except as the context
         may otherwise require, any terms used in this First Amendment which are
         defined in the Effective Agreement shall have the same meaning for
         purposes of this First Amendment as in the Effective Agreement.

10.      EFFECTIVE DATE OF FIRST AMENDMENT. This Amendment will become effective
         as of the date first above written. From and after the effective date
         of this First Amendment, each reference in the Agreement to "this
         Agreement," "hereunder," "hereof," "herein" or words of like import,
         and each reference in the Operative Agreements or any other documents
         entered into in connection with the Agreement, shall mean and be a
         reference to the Effective Agreement as amended by this First
         Amendment.

11.      REMAINDER OF EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT NOT AFFECTED. Except as specifically
         amended by this First Amendment, the Effective Agreement is hereby
         ratified, confirmed, and reaffirmed for all purposes and in all
         respects.

12.      COUNTERPARTS. This First Amendment may be executed in one or more
         counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all
         of which will constitute one and the same agreement.



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this First Amendment
as of the date first written above.


                                   CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES
                                   LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


                                   By:   Crescent Real Estate Equities, Ltd.,
                                         its general partner



                                   By:  /s/ DAVID DEAN
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name: David Dean
                                        Title: Executive Vice President,
                                               Law and Administration


                                   CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES COMPANY



                                   By:  /s/ DAVID DEAN
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name: David Dean
                                        Title: Executive Vice President,
                                               Law and Administration

                                   CRESCENT OPERATING, INC.


                                   By:  /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                        Title:  Executive Vice President



                                   ROSESTAR MANAGEMENT LLC


                                   By:  /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                        Title:  Manager



                                   CANYON RANCH LEASING, L.L.C.


                                   By:   Rosestar Management, LLC, its manager


                                         By: /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                             ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                              Title:  Manager



<PAGE>


                                   WINE COUNTRY HOTEL, LLC


                                   By:  /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                        Title:  Manager



                                   ROSESTAR SOUTHWEST, LLC


                                   By:   RSSW Corp., its manager



                                         By: /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                             ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                              Title:  President



                                   COI HOTEL GROUP, INC.



                                   By: /s/ JEFFREY L. STEVENS
                                       ----------------------------------------
                                        Name:  Jeffrey L. Stevens
                                        Title:  Chairman




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
