<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.S(I)
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex10si.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                                                                 EXHIBIT 10-S(i)

                     NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                                  PLAN DOCUMENT

<PAGE>

                                                                       JULY 1999

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      PARAGRAPH                                                                      PAGE
      ---------                                                                      ----
      PREAMBLE

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

         <S>                                                                            <C>
         1.1               Account                                                      1
         1.2               Adoption Agreement                                           1
         1.3               Beneficiary                                                  1
         1.4               Cashout Amount                                               1
         1.5               Change Of Control                                            1
         1.6               Code                                                         1
         1.7               Compensation                                                 1
         1.8               Disability                                                   2
         1.9               Distribution Date                                            2
         1.10              Effective Date                                               2
         1.11              Employee                                                     2
         1.12              Employer                                                     2
         1.13              Entry Date                                                   2
         1.14              ERISA                                                        2
         1.15              Hour Of Service                                              2
         1.16              Independent Contractor                                       3
         1.17              Insolvent                                                    3
         1.18              Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan                      4
         1.19              Participant                                                  4
         1.20              Plan                                                         4
         1.21              Plan Administrator                                           4
         1.22              Plan Year                                                    4
         1.23              Retirement Age                                               4
         1.24              Salary Deferral Agreement                                    4
         1.25              Salary Deferrals                                             4
         1.26              Separation From Service                                      4
         1.27              Spouse                                                       4
         1.28              Trust                                                        5
         1.29              Trustee                                                      5
         1.30              Valuation Date                                               5
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         <S>                                                                           <C>
         1.31              Year Of Service                                              5

                                   ARTICLE II

                            ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

         2.1               Participation                                                6
         2.2               Change In Classification Of Employment                       6
         2.3               Computation Period                                           6
         2.4               Service With Controlled Groups                               6

                                   ARTICLE III

                            DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION

         3.1               Notification                                                 7
         3.2               Salary Deferral Agreement                                    7
         3.3               Salary Deferral Procedure                                    7
         3.4               Amending Salary Deferral Agreements                          7
         3.5               Termination Of Salary Deferral Agreement                     8


                                   ARTICLE IV

                             EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS

         4.1               Employee Salary Deferrals                                    9
         4.2               Employer Contributions                                       9
         4.3               Responsibility For Contributions                             9


                                    ARTICLE V

                        PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS

         5.1               Establishment Of Accounts                                   10
         5.2               Account Maintenance                                         10
         5.3               Valuation Of Assets                                         10
         5.4               Allocation Methods                                          10
         5.5               Valuation Date                                              11
         5.6               Participant Statements                                      11


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                     VESTING

         6.1               Vesting                                                     12
         6.2               Change of Control                                           12
         6.3               Death Or Disability                                         12
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         <S>                                                                           <C>
         6.4               Insolvency                                                  12

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                    PAYMENTS

         7.1               Benefits                                                    13
         7.2               Distributable Events                                        13
         7.3               Form Of Payment                                             13
         7.4               Payment Medium                                              13
         7.5               Death Benefits                                              13
         7.6               Beneficiary Designation                                     14
         7.7               No Beneficiary                                              14
         7.8               Claims Procedure                                            14
         7.9               Unforeseen Emergency                                        15

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               PLAN ADMINISTRATION

         8.1               Plan Administrator                                          16
         8.2               Duties Of Plan Administrator                                16
         8.3               Employer                                                    16
         8.4               Administrative Fees And Expenses                            17
         8.5               Plan Administration And Interpretation                      17
         8.6               Powers, Duties, Procedures                                  17
         8.7               Information                                                 17
         8.8               Indemnification Of Plan Administrator                       17

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   TRUST FUND

         9.1               Trust                                                       18
         9.2               Unfunded Plan                                               18
         9.3               Investment Direction                                        18
         9.4               Assignment And Alienation                                   19

                                    ARTICLE X

                            AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

         10.1              Amendment                                                   20
         10.2              Termination                                                 20
         10.3              Existing Rights                                             20
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         <S>                                                                           <C>
                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         11.1              Total Agreement                                             21
         11.2              Employment Rights                                           21
         11.3              Non-Assignability                                           21
         11.4              Binding Agreement                                           21
         11.5              Receipt And Release                                         21
         11.6              Governing Law                                               21
         11.7              Heading And Subheadings                                     21
</TABLE>

                                    PREAMBLE

The Employer, by executing the Adoption Agreement, hereby establishes an
unfunded Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for a select group of
management or highly compensated Employees. Under the terms of the Plan, certain
Employees may elect to defer receipt of their Compensation and to provide a
means for deferrals of Compensation.

Participants shall have no right, either directly or indirectly, to anticipate,
sell, assign or otherwise transfer any benefit accrued under the Plan. In
addition, no Participant shall have any interest in any Employer assets set
aside as a source of funds to satisfy its benefit obligations under the Plan,
including the establishment of any trust under the terms of Revenue Procedure
92-64 or any amendment thereof or successor thereto. Participants shall have the
status of general unsecured creditors of the Employer and the Plan constitutes
an unsecured promise by the Employer to make benefit payments in the future.

<PAGE>

The Plan is intended to be "a plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an
employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a
select group of management or highly compensated employees" within the meaning
of Sections 201(2) and 301(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974 ("ERISA"), and shall be interpreted and administered to the extent
possible in a manner consistent with that intent.

                                    COPYRIGHT

This document is copyrighted under the laws of the United States. Its use,
duplication or reproduction, including the use of electronic means, is
prohibited by law without the express consent of the author.

(C)1999 McKay Hochman Co., Inc.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

1.1     Account For each Participant, the account established for his or her
        benefit under Article V.

1.2     Adoption Agreement The written instrument attached to this Plan document
        by which the Employer establishes a Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
        Plan for eligible Employees.

1.3     Beneficiary An individual, individuals, trust or other entity designated
        by the Participant to receive his or her benefit in the event of the
        Participant's death. If more than one Beneficiary survives the
        Participant, payments shall be made equally to all such Beneficiaries,
        unless otherwise provided in the beneficiary designation form. Nothing
        herein shall prevent the Participant from designating primary and
        contingent Beneficiaries. Elections made by a Participant as to the
        timing and method of payment shall be binding on all Beneficiaries named
        by the Participant in his or her most recently dated beneficiary form.

1.4     Cashout Amount An amount equal to the maximum remaining salary deferrals
        the Participant would have been permitted to make to a qualified cash or
        deferred 401(k) plan maintained by the Employer after the completion of
        all required antidiscrimination and nondiscrimination testing.

1.5     Change Of Control The purchase or other acquisition by any person,
        entity or group of persons within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d)
        of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Act"), (or any comparable
        successor provisions), of beneficial ownership within the meaning of
        Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Act of 30 percent or more of either the
        outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting power of the
        Employer's then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote
        generally, or the approval by the stockholders of the Employer of a
        reorganization, merger or consolidation, in each case, with respect to
        which persons who were stockholders of the Employer immediately prior to
        such reorganization, merger or consolidation do not, immediately
        thereafter, own more than 50 percent of the combined voting power
        entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the
        reorganized, merged or consolidated Employer's then outstanding
        securities, or a liquidation or dissolution of the Employer or of the
        sale of all or substantially all of the Employer's assets.

1.6     Code The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
        Reference to any section or subsection of the Code includes reference to
        any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation which amends,
        supplement or replaces such section or subsection.

<PAGE>

1.7     Compensation Shall have the meaning elected by the Employer in the
        Adoption Agreement. Compensation shall only include amounts earned while
        a Participant if Plan Year is chosen as the applicable Compensation
        computation period.

<PAGE>

1.8     Disability An illness or injury of a potentially permanent nature,
        expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months,
        certified by a physician selected by or satisfactory to the Employer,
        which prevents the Participant from engaging in the Participant's own
        occupation for wage or profit.

1.9     Distribution Date The date specified in the Adoption Agreement on which
        a Participant's benefit is payable under the Plan. A Participant shall
        have no right to receive a payment of his or her benefit until reaching
        his or her Distribution Date.

1.10    Effective Date The date selected in the Adoption Agreement as of which
        the Plan first becomes effective.

1.11    Employee Any person employed by the Employer as a common-law employee, a
        member of the board of directors of the Employer or an Independent
        Contractor deemed to be an Employee by the company. Individuals who
        shall be treated as Employees for purposes of the Plan shall be limited
        to those individuals who are within a select group of management or
        highly compensated Employees as determined by the Employer in its sole
        discretion.

1.12    Employer The corporation or business entity which adopts this Plan
        including any successor to all or a major portion of the Employer's
        assets or business which assumes the obligations of the Employer and
        each other entity that is affiliated with the Employer and any member of
        a controlled group of corporations as defined at Code Section 414(b),
        all commonly controlled trades or businesses as defined at Code
        Section 414(c) and any member of an affiliated service group as defined
        at Code Section 414(m), which may adopt the Plan with the consent of the
        Employer, provided that the Employer that executes the Adoption
        Agreement shall have the sole power to amend this Plan and shall be the
        Plan Administrator if no other person or entity is so serving at any
        time.

1.13    Entry Date The date on which an Employee commences participation in the
        Plan as determined by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement.

1.14    ERISA The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
        Reference to any section or subsection of ERISA includes reference to
        any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation which amends,
        supplements or replaces such section or subsection.

1.15    Hour Of Service

        (a)     Each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment,
                for the performance of duties for the Employer. These hours
                shall be credited to the Employee for the computation period in
                which the duties are performed, and

        (b)     each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment,
                by the Employer on account of a period of time during which no
                duties are

<PAGE>

                performed (irrespective of whether the employment relationship
                has terminated) due to vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity
                (including Disability), layoff, jury duty, military duty or
                leave of absence. No more than 501 Hours of Service shall be
                credited under this paragraph for any single continuous period
                (whether or not such period occurs in a single computation
                period). Hours under this paragraph shall be calculated and
                credited pursuant to Section 2530.200b-2 of the Department of
                Labor Regulations which are incorporated herein by this
                reference, and

        (c)     each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of
                damages, is either awarded or agreed to by the Employer. The
                same Hours of Service shall not be credited both under paragraph
                (a) or paragraph (b), as the case may be, and under this
                paragraph (c). These hours shall be credited to the Employee for
                the computation period or periods to which the award or
                agreement pertains rather than the computation period in which
                the award, agreement or payment is made.

        (d)     Hours of Service shall be credited for employment with the
                Employer and with other members of an affiliated service group
                [as defined in Code Section 414(m)], a controlled group of
                corporations [as defined in Code Section 414(c)] of which the
                adopting Employer is a member, and any other entity required to
                be aggregated with the Employer pursuant to Code Section 414(o)
                and the regulations thereunder. Hours of Service shall also be
                credited for any individual considered an Employee for purposes
                of this Plan under Code Section 414(n) or Code Section 414(o)
                and the regulations thereunder.

        (e)     Solely for purposes of determining whether a Break in Service
                for participation purposes has occurred in a computation period,
                an individual who is absent from work for maternity or paternity
                reasons shall receive credit for the Hours of Service which
                would otherwise have been credited to such individual but for
                such absence, or in any case in which such hours cannot be
                determined, 8 Hours of Service per day of such absence. For
                purposes of this paragraph, an absence from work for maternity
                or paternity reasons means an absence by reason of the pregnancy
                of the individual, by reason of a birth of a child of the
                individual, by reason of the placement of a child with the
                individual in connection with the adoption of such child by such
                individual, or for purposes of caring for such child for a
                period beginning immediately following such birth or placement.
                The Hours of Service credited under this paragraph shall be
                credited in the computation period in which the absence begins
                if the crediting is necessary to prevent a Break in Service in
                that period, or in all other cases, in the following computation
                period. No more than 501 hours will be credited under this
                paragraph.

        (f)     Hours of Service shall be determined under an hours counting
                method.

1.16    Independent Contractor Individuals other than partnerships or
        corporations who perform services on a contractual basis for the
        Employer. Independent

<PAGE>

        Contractors may be deemed to be Employees for purposes of this Plan if
        so elected by the Employer. The Employer, in its sole discretion, shall
        determine whether any Independent Contractor shall be treated as an
        Employee for purposes of this Plan only.

1.17    Insolvent Means either (i) the Employer is unable to pay its debts as
        they become due, or (ii) the Employer is subject to a pending proceeding
        as a debtor under the United States Bankruptcy Code.

<PAGE>

1.18    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan A plan, within the meaning of
        ERISA Section 201(2), the purpose of which is to permit a select group
        of management or highly compensated Employees to defer receipt of a
        portion of their Compensation to a future date.

1.19    Participant An Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan and
        who is currently deferring a portion of his or her Compensation under
        this Plan. An Employee or former Employee who has previously deferred a
        portion of his or her Compensation under the Plan and who is still
        entitled to the payment of benefits under the Plan shall also be
        considered a Participant.

1.20    Plan The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan established by the
        Employer under the terms of this Plan document and the accompanying
        Adoption Agreement.

1.21    Plan Administrator The individual or committee appointed by the Employer
        to administer the Plan as provided herein. If no such appointment is
        made, the Compensation Committee ("Compensation Committee") of the Board
        of Directors ("Board") of the Employer shall serve as the Plan
        Administrator. If a Compensation Committee doesn't exist and no
        appointment is made by the Board, then the Board shall serve as the Plan
        Administrator. In no event shall any Participant who sits on the
        Compensation Committee or Board determine the amount of his or her
        benefits under this Plan.

1.22    Plan Year The 12-consecutive month period beginning in January to
        December 31st unless otherwise specified in the Adoption Agreement.

1.23    Retirement Age The age, set by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement,
        at which a Participant may retire and receive his or her benefits under
        the Plan.

1.24    Salary Deferral Agreement The written agreement between an eligible
        Employee and the Employer to defer receipt by the Employee of
        Compensation not yet earned. Such agreement shall state the deferral
        amount or percentage of Compensation to be withheld from the Employee's
        Compensation and shall state the date on which the agreement is
        effective, as provided at paragraph 3.1.

1.25    Salary Deferrals That portion of an Employee's Compensation which is
        deferred under the terms of this Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
        Plan. Such Compensation cannot yet have been earned by the Employee at
        the time of the Participant's election to defer.

1.26    Separation From Service The severance of an Employee's employment with
        the Employer for any reason.

1.27    Spouse The individual to whom a Participant is married or was married,
        or was married in the case of a deceased Participant who was married at
        the time of his or her death. A former spouse will be treated in the
        same manner as a Spouse

<PAGE>

        to the extent provided under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order as
        described in Code Section 414(p).

<PAGE>

1.28    Trust The agreement, written in accordance with Revenue Procedure 92-64,
        as may be amended or superseded, between the Employer and the Trustee
        under which any assets delivered by the Employer to the Trustee will be
        held and managed. Any assets held under the terms of the Trust shall be
        the exclusive property of the Employer and shall be subject to the
        creditor claims of the Company. Participants shall have no right,
        secured or unsecured, to any assets held under the terms of the Trust.

1.29    Trustee The institution named by the Employer in the Trust agreement and
        any corporation which succeeds the Trustee by merger or by acquisition
        of assets or operation of law.

1.30    Valuation Date The date on which Participant accounts under this
        Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan are valued.

1.31    Year Of Service A 12-consecutive month period commencing with the
        Employee's first day of employment or reemployment, and each
        12-consecutive month period thereafter.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                            ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS

2.1     Participation Employees who meet the eligibility requirements set forth
        in the Adoption Agreement on the Effective Date of the Plan shall become
        Participants as of the Effective Date of the Plan. Employees who have
        not satisfied the eligibility requirements on the Effective Date shall
        become Participants on the Entry Date immediately following the date on
        which they meet the eligibility requirements. In the event an Employee
        who is not a member of the eligible class of Employees becomes a member
        of the eligible class, such Employee shall be eligible to participate on
        the Entry Date immediately following the date on which the Employee
        becomes a member of the eligible class.

2.2     Change In Classification Of Employment In the event a Participant
        becomes ineligible to participate because he or she is no longer a
        member of an eligible class of Employees, such Employee shall be
        eligible to participate on the Entry Date which follows his or her
        return to an eligible class of Employees.

2.3     Computation Period To determine Years of Service for eligibility
        purposes, the 12-consecutive month period shall commence on the date on
        which an Employee first performs an Hour of Service for the Employer and
        each anniversary thereof, such that the succeeding 12-consecutive month
        period commences with the Employee's first anniversary of employment. An
        Hour of Service shall mean each hour for which an Employee is paid, or
        entitled to payment, for the performance of duties for the Employer.

2.4     Service With Controlled Groups All Years of Service with other members
        of a controlled group of corporations as defined in Code Section 414(b),
        trades or businesses under common control as defined in Code
        Section 414(c), or members of an affiliated service group as defined in
        Code Section 414(m), if applicable, shall be credited for purposes of
        determining an Employee's eligibility to participate.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III

                            DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION

3.1     Notification The Plan Administrator shall provide written notification
        to an Employee of his or her eligibility to participate in the
        Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and to elect to defer
        Compensation under this Plan, and shall further provide such Employee
        with a Salary Deferral Agreement. The notification shall describe the
        requirements and limitations on the Employee's Salary Deferrals, the
        Plan's distributable events and the optional forms of payment that must
        be selected by the Participant prior to the period of service for which
        the deferral is made.

3.2     Salary Deferral Agreement The Participant shall enter into a Salary
        Deferral Agreement with the Employer authorizing the deferral of all or
        part of the Participant's Compensation under the Plan earned during the
        period in which the individual participates in the Plan. The Salary
        Deferral Agreement shall also specify the commencement date and method
        of payment with respect to benefits attributable to Salary Deferrals and
        Employer contributions, if any, for the applicable Plan Year. Employees
        who are eligible on the date the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan
        is first effective may make an election to defer Compensation within 30
        days after the Effective Date for services to be performed after the
        Entry Date. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the Employer
        selects the Effective Date as the Entry Date, then the period of service
        upon which deferrals are based shall commence after the date the
        Employee elects to defer Compensation. Employees first becoming eligible
        after the date the Plan is effective may make an election to defer
        Compensation within 30 days after the Participant's initial eligibility
        date for services to be performed after the Entry Date. In no event
        shall a Participant be permitted to defer Compensation for a pay period
        which has commenced prior to the date on which the Salary Deferral
        Agreement is signed by the Participant and accepted by the Plan
        Administrator.

3.3     Salary Deferral Procedure Upon receipt of a properly completed and
        executed Salary Deferral Agreement the Plan Administrator shall notify
        the Employer to commence to withhold that portion of the Participant's
        Compensation specified in the Agreement. In no event will the
        Participant be permitted to defer more than the amount specified by the
        Employer in the Adoption Agreement.

3.4     Amending Salary Deferral Agreements A Participant shall be permitted to
        increase or decrease his or her Salary Deferrals by filing an amended
        Salary Deferral Agreement, with the Plan Administrator. Such amendment
        shall be effective on the first day of the first payroll period
        beginning in the next Plan Year which follows the date on which the
        amended Salary Deferral Agreement is received by the Plan Administrator.

<PAGE>

3.5     Termination Of Salary Deferral Agreement The Employer shall have the
        right to terminate a Participant's Salary Deferral Agreement at any time
        upon written notice to the Participant. Such termination shall be
        effective on the first day of the next payroll period. In no event shall
        the Employer have the right to terminate a Salary Deferral Agreement
        with respect to Compensation already deferred. The Participant shall
        also have the right to terminate his or her Salary Deferral Agreement
        upon written notice to the Plan Administrator. Such termination shall be
        effective on the first day of the first payroll period in the Plan Year
        following the date on which the termination request is received by the
        Plan Administrator. The Participant shall not be permitted to reinstate
        a new Salary Deferral Agreement until the first day of the first payroll
        period beginning in the Plan Year following the date on which a new
        Salary Deferral Agreement is received by the Plan Administrator.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV

                             EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS

4.1     Employee Salary Deferrals The Employer shall remit to the Trustee all
        amounts deferred by Participants under the terms of their respective
        Salary Deferral Agreements. Remittance by the Employer shall be made as
        soon as administratively feasible following the date amounts were
        withheld from the Participant's Compensation but not later than 15
        business days following the end of the month during which they were
        withheld. Any such Salary Deferrals and earnings held by the Trustee
        shall remain the property of the Employer and shall be subject to the
        claims of the Employer's creditors.

4.2     Employer Contributions The Employer may make matching or discretionary
        contributions under the terms of the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
        Plan. The amount of the Employer's discretionary and/or matching
        contribution and the formula(s) for allocating such contributions will
        be determined by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement. Any such
        contributions plus the earnings shall be held by the Trustee but shall
        remain the property of the Employer and shall be subject to the claims
        of the Employer's creditors. Any Employer contributions made under the
        Plan shall be transmitted to the Trustee not less frequently than
        annually.

4.3     Responsibility For Contributions The Employer has sole responsibility
        for remitting Employee Salary Deferrals and Employer contributions to
        the Trustee. The Trustee shall have no duty to determine whether the
        amounts forwarded by the Employer are the correct amount or that they
        have been transmitted in a timely manner.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V

                        PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS

5.1     Establishment Of Accounts The Plan Administrator shall establish and
        maintain individual recordkeeping accounts on behalf of each Participant
        for purposes of determining each Participant's benefits under the Plan.
        Separate sub-accounts shall be established for each Participant with
        respect to each Salary Deferral Agreement for which a different form of
        payment has been selected.

5.2     Account Maintenance The Plan Administrator shall add to each
        Participant's account amounts representing:

        (a)     Employee Salary Deferrals,

        (b)     Employer matching or discretionary contributions, if applicable,
                and

        (c)     investment earnings.

        The Plan Administrator shall deduct from each Participant's account
        amounts representing:

        (d)     distributions to the Participant or Beneficiary, and

        (e)     investment losses.

5.3     Valuation Of Assets As of each Valuation Date the Plan Administrator
        shall determine the fair market value of all assets held under the terms
        of the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The valuation of
        securities traded on a national securities exchange shall be determined
        on the last business day of the valuation period in accordance with
        established or recognized industry standards for the valuation of traded
        securities. The value of any illiquid or thinly traded investment shall
        be determined by an appraisal prepared by an independent qualified
        appraiser to appraise the security or other such investment.
        Notwithstanding the first sentence of this paragraph, an appraisal of
        non-traded securities shall be prepared as of the last day of each Plan
        Year and as required with respect to the determination of benefit
        payments.

5.4     Allocation Methods The Employer's matching and discretionary
        contributions, if any, shall be allocated to eligible Participants in
        accordance with the allocation formula selected in the Adoption
        Agreement. If Employee Salary Deferrals and Employer contributions, if
        any, are invested in a pooled account arrangement, each Participant's
        account shall receive a pro-rata share of the investment earnings or
        losses on all assets held in the pooled account arrangement. Such
        pro-rata share shall be determined on the basis of the fair market value
        of each Participant's account at the beginning of the valuation period
        less distributions made during the valuation period. One-half of the
        contributions received

<PAGE>

        systematically during the valuation period shall be added to the
        Participant's beginning account balance for allocation purposes. If
        contributions are invested in mutual funds or other pooled investment
        vehicles, the investment earnings allocable to each such Participant
        shall be determined by reference to the value of the applicable
        investment.

5.5     Valuation Date Participant accounts shall be valued on the date(s)
        agreed upon by the Employer and the Trustee provided that accounts shall
        be valued not less frequently than at the end of each Plan Year and that
        the value of non-traded securities shall be determined in accordance
        with paragraph 5.3.

5.6     Participant Statements The Plan Administrator shall provide Participants
        with a statement of his or her account showing the additions to and
        deductions from such account during the period from the last statement
        date. Such statement shall be provided to Participants as soon as
        administratively feasible following the end of each Plan Year and on
        such other dates as agreed to by the Employer and the party maintaining
        Participant records.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                     VESTING

6.1     Vesting Subject to the restrictions contained in paragraph 4.1 herein, a
        Participant shall be immediately vested in (i.e. shall have a
        nonforfeitable right to) all Salary Deferrals, and to all income and
        gain attributable thereto, credited to his or her Account. A Participant
        shall become vested in the portion of his or her Account attributable to
        discretionary or matching contributions and income and gain attributable
        thereto upon reaching a Distributable Event as defined in paragraph 7.2,
        subject to earlier vesting in accordance with paragraphs 6.3, 6.4, and
        6.5.

6.2     Change Of Control A Participant shall become fully vested in his or her
        Account immediately prior to a Change of Control of the Employer.

6.3     Death Or Disability A Participant shall become fully vested in his or
        her Account immediately prior to termination of the Participant's
        employment, by reason of the Participant's death or total and permanent
        Disability. Whether a Participant's termination of employment is by
        reason of the Participant's total and permanent Disability shall be
        determined by the Plan Administrator in his or her sole discretion.

6.4     Insolvency A Participant shall become fully vested in his or her Account
        immediately prior to the Employer becoming Insolvent, in which case the
        Participant shall have the same rights as a general creditor of the
        Employer with respect to his or her Account balance.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                    PAYMENTS

7.1     Benefits A Participant's or Beneficiary's benefit payable under the Plan
        shall be the value of the Participant's Account at the time of a
        distributable event occurs under the Plan. Such benefit shall be payable
        from the general assets of the Employer which includes any assets held
        in the Trust. In no event will a Participant's right to a benefit under
        this Plan give such Participant a secured right or claim on any assets
        held in the Trust.

7.2     Distributable Event A Participant's benefit shall be payable within 30
        days following the Distribution Date coincident with or first following
        the earlier of the date on which:

        (a)     the Participant terminates employment with the Company;

        (b)     the Participant dies;

        (c)     the Participant becomes disabled;

        (d)     the Employer undergoes a Change In Control;

        (e)     as otherwise provided in the Adoption Agreement; and

        (f)     termination of the Plan under paragraph 10.2 hereof.

        No Participant shall have any right to receive payment of his or her
        benefit under the Plan prior to a Distribution Date.

7.3     Form Of Payment A Participant's benefit shall be paid in the form of a
        lump sum or installments. Pursuant to paragraph 3.1, any election of a
        form of payment must be made by the Participant prior to the period of
        service for which the Salary Deferral is made. A different form of
        payment may be selected with respect to each separate deferral election
        made by the Participant.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, if elected by the Employer in the
        Adoption Agreement, a Participant shall have the right when completing
        his or her Salary Deferral Agreement to direct that a Cashout Amount be
        either distributed to the Participant in the form of a lump sum or
        transferred for credit to his or her account in a qualified cash or
        deferred 401(k) plan maintained by the Employer. If elected by the
        Participant, a distribution or transfer shall be completed no later than
        2-1/2 months after the close of the Plan Year.

7.4     Payment Medium The Employer may elect to pay the Participant's lump sum
        or installment benefits in the form of cash, securities or any other
        property acceptable to the Participant and to the Employer.

<PAGE>

7.5     Death Benefits Any benefit to which a deceased Participant is entitled
        to receive under the Plan shall be paid to such Participant's
        Beneficiary. Such death benefit shall be paid as a lump sum unless the
        Participant was receiving payment of his or her benefit in installments
        at the time of death. In such event, the Participant's Beneficiary shall
        continue to receive installment payments in the same manner as the
        Participant.

<PAGE>

7.6     Beneficiary Designation A Participant shall have the right to designate
        a Beneficiary and to amend or revoke such designation at any time in
        writing. Such designation, amendment or revocation shall be effective
        upon receipt by the Plan Administrator. A Participant may not, however,
        change his or her Beneficiary (during the life of such Beneficiary)
        after payments have commenced under an installment payment option where
        the payment period is determined by reference to the life expectancy of
        the Participant and his or her Beneficiary.

7.7     No Beneficiary If no Beneficiary designation is made, or if the
        Beneficiary designation is held invalid, or if no Beneficiary survives
        the Participant and benefits are determined to be payable following the
        Participant's death, the Plan Administrator shall direct that payment of
        benefits be made to the person or persons in the first category in which
        there is a survivor. The categories of successor beneficiaries, in
        order, are as follows:

        (a)     Participant's Spouse;

        (b)     Participant's descendants, per stirpes (eligible descendants
                shall be determined by the intestacy laws of the state in which
                the decedent was domiciled);

        (c)     Participant's parents;

        (d)     Participant's brothers and sisters (including step brothers and
                step sisters); and

        (e)     Participant's estate.

7.8     Claims Procedure A Participant or authorized representative of a
        Participant may submit to the Plan Administrator questions regarding
        Plan benefits or a claim for the payment of benefits. Such question or
        claim may be submitted at any time. However, benefit payments shall not
        be payable earlier than permitted by the Plan. The Plan Administrator
        shall accept, reject, or modify such request and shall send written
        notification to the Participant setting forth the response of the Plan
        Administrator and in the case of a denial or modification the Plan
        Administrator shall:

        (a)     state the specific reason or reasons for the denial,

        (b)     provide specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which
                the denial is based,

        (c)     provide a description of any additional material, data or
                information necessary for the Participant or his representative
                to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or
                information is necessary, and

        (d)     explain the Plan's claim review procedure.

<PAGE>

        In the event the request is rejected or modified, the Participant or his
        representative may appeal within 60 days following receipt by the
        Participant or representative of such rejection or modification, by
        submitting a written request for review by the Plan Administrator of its
        initial decision. Within 60 days following such request for review, the
        Plan Administrator shall render its final decision in writing to the
        Participant or representative stating specific reasons for such
        decision. If the Participant or representative is not satisfied with the
        Plan Administrator's final decision, the Participant or representative
        can institute an action in a court of competent jurisdiction.

7.9     Unforeseen Emergency If a Participant suffers an unforeseen emergency,
        as defined herein, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may
        pay to the Participant only that portion of his or her Account, which
        the Plan Administrator determined is necessary to satisfy the emergency
        need, including any amount(s) necessary to pay any Federal, state or
        local income taxes reasonably anticipated to result from the
        distribution. A Participant requesting an emergency payment shall apply
        for the payment in writing on a form approved by the Plan Administrator
        and shall provide such additional information as the Plan Administrator
        may require. For purposes of this paragraph, "unforeseen emergency"
        means an immediate and heavy financial need resulting from any of the
        following:

        (a)     expenses which are not covered by insurance and which the
                Participant or his or her Spouse or dependent has incurred as a
                result of, or is required to incur in order to receive, medical
                care;

        (b)     the need to prevent eviction of a Participant from his or her
                principal residence or foreclosure on the mortgage of the
                Participant's principal residence;

        (c)     a loss of the Participant's property due to casualty; or

        (d)     any other circumstance that is determined by the Plan
                Administrator in its sole discretion to constitute an unforeseen
                emergency which is not covered by insurance and which cannot be
                reasonably relieved by the liquidation of the Participant's
                assets.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               PLAN ADMINISTRATION

8.1     Plan Administrator The Plan shall be administered by the individual(s)
        selected by the Employer. If no Plan Administrator is named by the
        Employer or the named Plan Administrator has resigned or otherwise
        cannot perform the administrative duties under the Plan, the
        Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Employer shall
        serve as Plan Administrator. If no Compensation Committee exists, then
        the Board of Directors of the Employer shall serve as the Plan
        Administrator. However, in no event shall any Participant who sits on
        the Compensation Committee or Board determine the amount of his or her
        benefit under the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall serve at the
        pleasure of the Employer, who shall have the right to remove the Plan
        Administrator at any time upon 30 days written notice. The Plan
        Administrator shall have the right to resign upon 30 days written notice
        to the Employer.

8.2     Duties Of Plan Administrator The Plan Administrator shall be responsible
        to perform all administrative functions of the Plan. These duties
        include but are not limited to:

        (a)     Communicating with Participants in connection with their rights
                and benefits under the Plan.

        (b)     Reviewing investment direction preferences received from
                Participants.

        (c)     Arranging for the payment of taxes (including income tax
                withholding), expenses and benefit payments to Participants
                under the Plan.

        (d)     Filing any returns and reports due with respect to the Plan.

        (e)     Interpreting and construing Plan provisions and settling claims
                and domestic relations orders in connection with Plan benefits.

        (f)     Serving as the Plan's designed representative for the service of
                notices, reports, claims or legal process.

        (g)     Employing any agents such as accountants, auditors, attorneys,
                actuaries or any other professionals it deems necessary in the
                performance of any of its duties.

8.3     Employer The Employer has sole responsibility for the establishment and
        maintenance of the Plan. The Employer through its Board shall have the
        power and authority to appoint the Plan Administrator, Trustee and any
        other professionals as may be required for the administration of the
        Plan or the Trust. The Employer shall also have the right to remove any
        individual or party appointed to perform administrative, investment,
        fiduciary or other functions

<PAGE>

        under the Plan. The Employer may delegate any of its powers to the Plan
        Administrator, Board Member or a Committee of the Board.

<PAGE>

8.4     Administrative Fees And Expenses Except for Trustee fees and expenses,
        all reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Plan
        Administrator or the Trustee in connection with the administration of
        the Plan or the Trust shall be paid by the Employer. The Trustee shall
        be specifically authorized to charge its fees and expenses directly to
        the Trust. If the Trust has insufficient liquid assets to cover the
        applicable fees, the Trustee shall have the right to liquidate assets
        held in the Trust to pay any fees or expenses due. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, no compensation other than reimbursement for expenses shall
        be paid to an Plan Administrator who is an Employee of the Employer.

8.5     Plan Administration And Interpretation The Plan Administrator shall have
        complete control and authority to determine the rights and benefits and
        all claims, demands and actions arising out of the provisions of the
        Plan of any Participant, Beneficiary, deceased Participant, or other
        person having or claiming to have any interest under the Plan. The Plan
        Administrator shall have complete discretion to interpret the Plan and
        to decide all matters under the Plan. Such interpretation and decision
        shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all Participants and any
        person claiming under or through any Participant, in the absence of
        clear and convincing evidence that the Plan Administrator acted
        arbitrarily and capriciously. Any individual(s) serving as Plan
        Administrator who is a Participant will not vote or act on any matter
        relating solely to himself or herself. When making a determination or
        calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely on
        information furnished by a Participant, a Beneficiary, the Employer, or
        the Trustee. The Plan Administrator shall have the responsibility for
        complying with any reporting and disclosure requirements of ERISA.

8.6     Powers, Duties, Procedures The Plan Administrator shall have such powers
        and duties, may adopt such rules and tables, may act in accordance with
        such procedures, may appoint such officers or agents, may delegate such
        powers and duties, may receive such reimbursement and compensation, and
        shall follow such claims and appeal procedures with respect to the Plan
        as it may establish.

8.7     Information To enable the Plan Administrator to perform its functions,
        the Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Plan
        Administrator on all matters relating to the compensation of
        Participants, their employment, retirement, death, termination of
        employment, and such other pertinent facts as the Plan Administrator may
        require.

8.8     Indemnification Of Plan Administrator The Employer agrees to indemnify
        and to defend to the fullest extent permitted by law any officer(s) or
        Employee(s) who serve as Plan Administrator (including any such
        individual who formerly served as Plan Administrator) against all
        liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and
        amounts paid in settlement of any claims approved by the Employer)
        occasioned by any act or omission to act in connection with the Plan, if
        such act or omission is in good faith.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   TRUST FUND

9.1     Trust Coincident with the establishment of the Plan, the Employer shall
        establish a Trust for the purpose of accumulating assets which may, but
        need not be used, by the Employer to satisfy some or all of its
        financial obligations to provide benefits to Participants under this
        Plan. All assets held in the Trust shall remain the exclusive property
        of the Employer and shall be available to pay creditor claims of the
        Employer in the event of bankruptcy. The assets held in Trust shall be
        administered in accordance with the terms of the separate Trust
        Agreement between the Trustee and the Employer.

9.2     Unfunded Plan In no event will the assets accumulated by the Employer in
        the Trust be construed as creating a funded Plan under the applicable
        provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended,
        or under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or under the
        provisions of any other applicable statute or regulation. Any funds set
        aside by the Employer in trust shall be administered in accordance with
        the terms of the Trust.

9.3     Investment Direction In the Adoption Agreement the Employer shall elect
        the method in which the assets in the Trust Fund shall be invested. The
        Employer may retain the right to direct the investments of the Plan, to
        allocate investment management authority to the Trustee, to name an
        individual or entity which is registered as an investment manager under
        the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 or under applicable state law, be a
        bank as defined in said Act or an insurance company qualified under the
        laws of more than one state to perform investment management services.

        A copy of any investment management agreement (and any modifications or
        termination thereof) must be given to the Trustee. Written notice of
        each appointment of an investment manager shall be given to the Trustee.
        Written notice of each appointment of an investment manager shall be
        given to the Trustee/Custodian in advance of the effective date of the
        appointment. Such notice shall specify what portion of the Trust Fund
        will be subject to the investment manager's discretion.

        If permitted by the Employer in the Adoption Agreement, Participants
        shall have the opportunity to direct the investment of any Salary
        Deferrals and Employer contributions, if any, made under the terms of
        the Plan. The Trustee may (but is not required to) consider the
        Employer's or a Participant's investment directives when investing the
        assets attributable to a Participant's Account. A Participant's
        investment direction shall be communicated to the Plan Administrator by
        notifying the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures
        established by the Plan Administrator. Participants shall indicate their
        initial investment direction by filing an investment direction form with
        the Plan Administrator prior to the date on which Salary Deferrals
        commence under the terms of the Participant's Salary Deferral Agreement.
        Participants shall have the opportunity

<PAGE>

        to change their investment direction with respect to new Salary
        Deferrals and/or Employer contributions or with respect to existing
        balances upon notice to the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator
        shall establish procedures with respect to the implementation of
        Participant investment directions.

<PAGE>

9.4     Assignment And Alienation No Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased
        Participant shall have the right to anticipate, assign, transfer, sell,
        mortgage, pledge or hypothecate any benefit under this Plan. The Plan
        Administrator shall not recognize any attempt by a third party to
        attach, garnish or levy upon any benefit under the Plan except as
        provided by law or under the terms of a domestic relations order as
        described at Code Section 414(p).

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE X

                            AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

10.1    Amendment The Employer shall have the right to amend this Plan without
        the consent of any Participant or Beneficiary hereunder, provided that
        any amendment shall become effective on the first day of the Plan Year
        following the date on which the amendment is adopted by the Employer and
        that Participants and Beneficiaries be notified of such amendment not
        less than 30 days prior to the effective date thereof. The notice shall
        include an explanation of the amendment and its effects on the
        Participant's rights and benefits under the Plan. No amendment shall
        deprive a Participant or Beneficiary of any of the benefits which he or
        she has accrued under the Plan.

10.2    Termination The Employer has established this Plan with a bona fide
        intention and expectation to maintain the Plan indefinitely, the
        Employer may terminate or discontinue the Plan in whole or in part on
        the earlier of the date on which there is a Change of Control or as of
        the first business day in the Plan Year following the date on which the
        Employer elects to terminate.

        Upon Plan termination, no further Salary Deferrals or Employer
        contributions shall be made except that the Employer shall be
        responsible to pay any benefit attributable to Salary Deferrals and
        Employer contributions accrued as of the day preceding the effective
        date of termination plus investment earnings and less investment losses,
        taxes and expenses chargeable to the Participant's account up to the
        Distribution Date. The Plan Administrator shall make distribution of the
        Participant's benefit as of the next Distribution Date.

10.3    Existing Rights No amendment or termination of the Plan shall adversely
        affect the rights of any Participant with respect to amounts that have
        been credited to his or her Account prior to the date of such amendment
        or termination.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

11.1    Total Agreement This Plan and the executed Adoption Agreement, Deferral
        Agreement, Beneficiary designation and other administration forms shall
        constitute the total agreement or contract between the Employer and the
        Participant regarding the Plan. No oral statement regarding the Plan may
        be relied upon by the Participant.

11.2    Employment Rights Neither the establishment of this Plan nor any
        modification thereof, nor the creation of any Trust or Account, nor the
        payment of any benefits, shall be construed as giving a Participant or
        other person a right to employment with the Employer or any other legal
        or equitable right against the Employer except as provided in the Plan.
        In no event shall the terms of employment of any Employee be modified or
        in any way be affected by the Plan.

11.3    Non-Assignability None of the benefits, payments, proceeds or claims of
        any Participant or Beneficiary and, in particular, the same shall not be
        subject to attachment or garnishment or other legal process by any
        creditor of such Participant or Beneficiary, nor shall any Participant
        or Beneficiary have the right to alienate, commute, pledge, encumber or
        assign any other the benefits or payments or proceeds which he or she
        may expect to receive, contingently or otherwise under the Plan.

11.4    Binding Agreement Any action with respect to the Plan taken by the Plan
        Administrator or the Employer or the Trustee or any action authorized by
        or taken at the direction of the Plan Administrator, the Employer or the
        Trustee shall be conclusive upon all Participants and Beneficiaries
        entitled to benefits under the Plan.

11.5    Receipt And Release Any payment to any Participant or Beneficiary in
        accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof,
        be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Employer, the Plan
        Administrator and the Trustee under the Plan, and the Plan Administrator
        may require such Participant or Beneficiary, as a condition precedent to
        such payment, to execute a receipt and release to such effect. If any
        Participant or Beneficiary is determined by the Plan Administrator to be
        incompetent by reason of physical or mental disability (including not
        being the age of majority) to give a valid receipt and release, the Plan
        Administrator may cause payment or payments becoming due to such person
        to be made to another person for his or her benefit without
        responsibility on the part of the Plan Administrator, the Employer or
        the Trustee to follow the application of such funds.

11.6    Governing Law Construction, validity and administration of this Plan
        including the accompanying Adoption Agreement and the Trust shall be
        governed by applicable Federal law and applicable state law in which the
        principal office of the Employer is located. If any provision shall be
        held by a court of competent

<PAGE>

        jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
        hereof shall continue to be fully effective.

11.7    Heading And Subheadings Headings and subheadings in this Plan are
        inserted for convenience only and are not to be considered in the
        interpretation of the provisions hereof.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
