<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>
                                                              EXHIBIT 10.12

                              AMENDMENT NO. 2
                              ---------------

     AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this "Amendment"),  dated as of June 4, 2001, to that
certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,  dated as of November
19, 1997 (as amended,  modified or  supplemented  to the date  hereof,  the
"Credit Agreement"),  among  METTLER-TOLEDO  INTERNATIONAL INC., a Delaware
corporation  (together  with its  successors,  "Holding");  METTLER-TOLEDO,
INC., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors, "US Borrower");
METTLER-TOLEDO  HOLDING  AG,  a  corporation  organized  under  the laws of
Switzerland (together with its successors, "CH Borrower" and, together with
US Borrower,  the  "Borrowers");  SAFELINE  HOLDING  COMPANY,  an unlimited
liability  company  organized under the laws of England  (together with its
successors,  "UK Borrower");  METTLER-TOLEDO  INC., a Canadian  corporation
(together with its successors, "Canadian Borrower"); the several SUBSIDIARY
SWING LINE BORROWERS named therein; the several financial institutions from
time to time party thereto (the  "Lenders");  MERRILL LYNCH & CO.,  MERRILL
LYNCH, PIERCE,  FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,  as Arranger and Documentation
Agent,  THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,  as  Administrative  Agent,  CREDIT SUISSE
FIRST BOSTON, as a co-agent and as a Swing-Line Lender, ABN AMRO BANK, BANK
OF  TOKYO-MITSUBISHI  TRUST  COMPANY,   BANKERS  TRUST  COMPANY,   COMPAGNE
FINANCIERE DE CIC ET DE L'UNION  EUROPEENNE,  GOLDMAN SACHS CREDIT PARTNERS
L.P., THE INDUSTRIAL  BANK OF JAPAN TRUST COMPANY and SOCIETE GENERAL (each
a co-agent and, together with Credit Suisse First Boston in its capacity as
a co-agent,  the  "Co-Agents").  Capitalized  terms used and not  otherwise
defined  herein  shall have the  meanings  assigned  to those  terms in the
Credit Agreement.

                                WITNESSETH:
                                ----------

     WHEREAS the Borrowers, UK Borrower,  Canadian Borrower, the Subsidiary
Swing Line  Borrowers  and the Lenders  wish to amend the Credit  Agreement
pursuant to Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement as herein provided;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing,  and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION ONE - AMENDMENTS
------------------------

     1.1 Section 1.1 is amended by

          (a) deleting  "which is a Qualified  Subsidiary  Guarantor"  from
     clause (i) of the second sentence of the definition of "Asset Sale";

          (b)  replacing  "U.S.  $250,000"  in  clause  (ii) of the  second
     sentence of the definition of "Asset Sale" with "U.S. $1.0 million";

          (c)  replacing  "(other than  subsections  (d),  (i), (j) and (k)
     thereof)" in clause (iii) of the second  sentence of the definition of
     "Asset Sale" with "(other  than  subsections  (d) except in respect of
     Sale and  Leaseback  Transactions  to the  extent,  but  solely to the
     extent,  the  aggregate  Net Cash  Proceeds  of sale of such  Sale and
     Leaseback  Transactions  (including  the fair market value of non-cash
     consideration  and of any  notes  received  as  consideration)  do not
     exceed the Dollar Equivalent amount of U.S. $25,000,000, (e) except to
     the extent,  but solely to the extent, the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds
     from the sale or  discount  of  receivables  described  therein do not
     exceed the Dollar Equivalent amount of U.S. $25,000,000,  (i), (j) and
     (k) thereof)"; and

     (d) adding the following definition in appropriate alphabetical order:

     "Sale  and  Leaseback  Transaction  means  any  sale  and/or  lease of
property  (whether  real or  personal or mixed),  whether now or  hereafter
acquired,  (i) which US Borrower or any  Subsidiary has sold or transferred
or is to sell or  transfer to any other  Person  (other than US Borrower or
any Wholly-Owned  Subsidiary which is a Qualified Subsidiary Guarantor) and
lease (whether  under an operating  lease or a Capital Lease) or (ii) which
US Borrower or any Subsidiary  intends to lease (whether under an operating
lease or a Capital Lease) for  substantially  the same purpose as any other
property  which has been or is to be sold or transferred by Borrower or any
Subsidiary to any Person in connection  with such lease,  if in the case of
clause  (i) or (ii)  above,  such sale and such  lease are part of the same
transaction or a related series of transactions or such sale and such lease
occur within one year of each other or are with the same other Person.".

     1.2  Section 2.1 is amended by

          (a)  deleting  "as reduced  pursuant to Section 2.6" in paragraph
     (d) and  replacing  it with "as  reduced  pursuant  to Section  2.6 or
     subsections 2.7(c) or (d)"; and

          (b) adding "; amounts which are borrowed as Revolving Loans which
     are  prepaid  pursuant  to  subsections  2.7(c)  or  (d)  may  not  be
     reborrowed" at the end of paragraph (e) before the final period.

     1.3  Section 2.6 is amended by

          (a) renumbering subsection (e) as subsection (f); and

          (b) inserting a new subsection (e) as follows:

     " (e) Without  limiting  any other  provision of this  Agreement,  the
     aggregate  amount  of the  Revolving  Facility  Commitments  shall  be
     permanently  reduced  at the  times  and in the  amounts  provided  in
     subsection 2.7(f)."

     1.4  Section 2.7 is amended by

          (a)  inserting  "(other  than an Asset  Sale  which is a Sale and
     Leaseback   Transaction)"   immediately  following  the  reference  to
     "subsection 8.2(d)" in paragraph (c);

          (b)  adding  at the end of (c),  before  the  final  period,  the
     following:

          "So long as any Revolving Loans are  outstanding,  within 30 days
          after the receipt by US Borrower  or any  Subsidiary  of Net Cash
          Proceeds  from  any  Asset  Sale  that  is a Sale  and  Leaseback
          Transaction  or is permitted  pursuant to subsection 8.2 (e) and,
          in either case, any such Net Cash Proceeds are not required to be
          prepaid against the Term Loans in accordance with the immediately
          preceding  sentence,  the  Revolving  Loans shall be prepaid in a
          Dollar   Equivalent  amount  equal  to  100%  of  such  Net  Cash
          Proceeds."

          (c)  deleting paragraph (d) and replacing it with the following:

          "So long as any Term Loans or  Revolving  Loans are  outstanding,
     the Term Loans (and, to the extent there are insufficient  Term Loans,
     the Revolving Loans) shall be prepaid concurrently with the receipt of
     any Net Cash  Proceeds  from the  issuance of any  Indebtedness  by US
     Borrower or any Subsidiary  (other than any Indebtedness  permitted by
     Section 8.5 except (x) Indebtedness pursuant to subsection (h) thereof
     to the extent, but only to the extent,  such Indebtedness  pursuant to
     subsection  (h) exceeds in the aggregate at any time  outstanding  the
     Dollar  Equivalent  amount of U.S. $20 million,  and (y)  Indebtedness
     pursuant to  subsection  (g)  thereof to the  extent,  but only to the
     extent,  such  Indebtedness  pursuant to subsection (g) exceeds in the
     aggregate at any time  outstanding  (exclusive of any amount  incurred
     pursuant to subsection 8.5(n)) the Dollar Equivalent amount of U.S.$60
     million), in a Dollar Equivalent amount equal to 100% of such Net Cash
     Proceeds.  Each  such  prepayment  shall be  applied  as set  forth in
     subsection 2.7(f)."; and

          (d)  adding immediately before the last sentence of paragraph (f):

          "Any prepayment of the Revolving Loans required by subsection (c)
     or (d) of this  Section  2.7 shall be made  together  with all accrued
     interest  and any  amounts  required  by  Section  4.4,  and all  such
     payments  shall be applied to the payment of interest and such Section
     4.4 amounts before  application to principal.  Each such prepayment of
     the Revolving  Loans, to the extent applied to principal in accordance
     with the foregoing, shall reduce the Revolving Facility Commitments in
     a corresponding amount."

     1.5 Section 7.4 is amended by replacing  "Section  8.3" in clauses (a)
and (b) with "Section 8.2".

     1.6 Section 8.1 is amended by replacing "U.S. $5.0 million" with "U.S.
$10.0 million" in paragraph (n).

     1.7 Section 8.2 is amended by

          (a) replacing  "U.S.  $2.0 million" with "U.S.  $25.0 million" in
     paragraph (d) and replacing "that (x)" therein with "that,  except for
     Sale and Leaseback  Transactions in respect of which any  requirements
     under subsection 2.7(c) are complied with, (x)";

          (b) replacing "US Borrower or any  Subsidiary"  with "US Borrower
     or any  Subsidiary  that is  organized  under  the laws of the  United
     States  or any  political  subdivision  thereof  may sell or  discount
     accounts  receivable  arising in the ordinary course of business,  but
     only in connection  with the  compromise  or collection  thereof or as
     permitted by Section 8.21,  and any Foreign  Subsidiary"  in paragraph
     (e); and

          (c)  deleting  the  phrase  "which  is  a  Qualified   Subsidiary
     Guarantor" in both instances in which such phrase appears in paragraph
     (g),  deleting  the  phrase  "(ii)  such  surviving  Subsidiary  is  a
     Qualified  Subsidiary  Guarantor,"  from  clause (y) of the proviso to
     paragraph  (g) and  renumbering  clause  (iii) of such  clause  (y) as
     clause (ii) of such clause (y).

     1.8 Section 8.3 is amended by replacing "U.S. $21.0 million, increased
each fiscal year after fiscal 1998 by the Dollar  Equivalent amount of U.S.
$2.0 million" with "U.S.  $35.0  million,  increased each fiscal year after
fiscal 2001 by the Dollar Equivalent amount of U.S. $2.0 million.".

     1.9  Section  8.4 is  amended  by  deleting  the  phrase  "which  is a
Qualified Subsidiary Guarantor" in all three instances in which such phrase
appears in paragraph (c).

     1.10 Section 8.5 is amended by

          (a) deleting paragraph (g) and replacing it with the following:

          "(g) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries;"; and

          (b)  deleting  "not  to  exceed  in the  aggregate  at  any  time
     outstanding  the Dollar  Equivalent  amount of U.S.  $20  million"  in
     paragraph (h).

     1.11 Section 8.8 is amended by

          (a) inserting ", (f),"  immediately  after "8.4(c)," in paragraph
     (e); and

          (b) replacing  "U.S.  $5.0 million" with "U.S.  $10.0 million" in
     paragraph (g).

     1.12  Section 8.13 is amended by

          (a) deleting "and" at the end of paragraph (f);

          (b)  replacing  "aggregate."  with  "aggregate;"  at  the  end of
     paragraph (g); and

          (c) inserting at the end thereof:

               "(h) US  Borrower  may make any  payments  to Holding or any
          parent company of Holding to enable Holding or any parent company
          of Holding,  as  applicable,  to repurchase,  redeem,  acquire or
          retire for value any  shares of  capital  stock of Holding or any
          parent company of Holding, or warrants, rights or options for the
          purchase or other  acquisition from Holding or any parent company
          of  Holding of such  shares,  in any such case held by current or
          former employees of Holding, any parent company of Holding or any
          Subsidiaries   of  Holding   pursuant  to  any  employee   equity
          subscription agreement, stock option agreement or stock ownership
          arrangement;  provided,  however,  that no  Event of  Default  or
          Unmatured  Event of  Default  shall  then  exist  or would  arise
          therefrom;

               (i) US  Borrower  may make any  payments  to  Holding or any
          parent company of Holding to enable Holding or any parent company
          of Holding,  as  applicable,  to repurchase,  redeem,  acquire or
          retire for value any  shares of  capital  stock of Holding or any
          parent company of Holding;  provided,  however, that (i) no Event
          of Default  or  Unmatured  Event of  Default  shall then exist or
          would arise therefrom; (ii) the aggregate amount of such payments
          by US Borrower  shall not exceed  U.S.  $25 million in any fiscal
          year;  and (iii)  the Debt to  EBITDA  Ratio as of the end of the
          most recently  completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of such
          payment is less than 3.0:1.0; and

               (j)  concurrent  with  or  following  an  Acquisition  by US
          Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  in which  shares of capital
          stock of Holding or any parent  company of Holding  are issued as
          the sole  consideration for the Acquisition other than in lieu of
          fractional  shares,  US Borrower may make any payments to Holding
          or any parent  company of Holding to enable Holding or any parent
          company of Holding, as applicable, to repurchase, redeem, acquire
          or retire for value any shares of capital stock of Holding or any
          parent company of Holding, provided,  however, that the aggregate
          amount of such  payments  in relation  to an  Acquisition  is not
          greater  than  the  excess  of (i) the  Cash  Equivalents  of any
          Persons acquired in the Acquisition over (ii) the Indebtedness of
          such  Persons,  determined  in each  case for such  Persons  on a
          consolidated  basis in conformity with GAAP;  provided,  further,
          that no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall then
          exist or would arise therefrom."

     1.13  Section  8.20 is amended by deleting the heading and text in its
entirety and substituting "[Reserved]".

     1.14  Section  8.21  is  amended  by  adding  "by US  Borrower  or any
Subsidiary  that is  organized  under the laws of the United  States or any
political  subdivision  thereof,  (iii)" immediately  following "(ii)", and
renumbering "(iii)" as "(iv)".

SECTION TWO - CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AMENDMENT
-----------   ---------------------------------------------

     2.1 The  amendments  provided  for in Section One hereof  shall become
effective on the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received
duly executed counterparts hereof from the Borrowers, UK Borrower, Canadian
Borrower, the Subsidiary Swing Line Borrowers and the Required Lenders. The
effectiveness  of this  Amendment  (other than Section Four) is conditioned
upon the  accuracy  of the  representations  and  warranties  set  forth in
Section Three.

SECTION THREE - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
-------------   ------------------------------

     3.1 In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this  Amendment,  the
Borrowers,  UK Borrower,  Canadian  Borrower and the Subsidiary  Swing Line
Borrowers represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and each of the
Lenders that after giving effect to this Amendment,  (i) no Unmatured Event
of Default or Event of Default has  occurred  and is  continuing ; and (ii)
all of the  representations  and warranties in the Credit  Agreement  after
giving  effect  to this  Amendment  are true and  correct  in all  material
respects  on and as of the  date  hereof  unless  such  representation  and
warranty  expressly  indicates that it is being made as of another date, in
which case such  representation and warrant was true and correct as of such
date.  Holding,  the  Borrowers,  UK  Borrower,  Canadian  Borrower and the
Subsidiary  Swing Line  Borrowers  further  represent  and  warrant  (which
representations  and  warranties  shall  survive the execution and delivery
hereof) to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that:

          (i) Each Credit  Agreement Loan Party has full corporate or other
power,  authority  and legal  right to  execute,  deliver  and  perform its
obligations  under this  Amendment  and has taken all actions  necessary to
authorize the execution,  delivery and performance of its obligations under
this Amendment;

          (ii) No  consent of any person  other  than the  Lenders,  and no
consent,  permit,  approval or  authorization  of,  exemption by, notice or
report to, or  registration,  filing or declaration  with, any governmental
authority  is  required  in  connection   with  the  execution,   delivery,
performance of any Credit Agreement Loan Party's  obligations,  validity or
enforceability of this Amendment;

          (iii) This  Amendment  has been duly  executed  and  delivered on
behalf of each Credit Agreement Loan Party by a duly authorized  officer of
the respective  Credit Agreement Loan Party and constitutes a legal,  valid
and binding  obligation of each Credit Agreement Loan Party  enforceable in
accordance  with its terms,  except as the  enforceability  thereof  may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or
other laws affecting creditors' rights generally; and

          (iv) The  execution,  delivery and  performance of this Amendment
will not violate a  requirement  of law or  Contractual  Obligation  of any
Credit Agreement Loan Party.

SECTION FOUR - MISCELLANEOUS
------------   -------------

     4.1 Except as herein  expressly  amended,  waived or consented to, the
Credit  Agreement  and all other  agreements,  documents,  instruments  and
certificates executed in connection therewith are ratified and confirmed in
all respects and shall remain in full force and effect in  accordance  with
their respective terms.

     4.2 All  references  to the Credit  Agreement  contained in any of the
Basic Documents shall mean the Credit  Agreement as amended hereby,  and as
the same may at any time be amended, amended and restated,  supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time and as in effect.

     4.3 This  Amendment  may be executed  by the parties  hereto in one or
more  counterparts,  each of which  shall be an  original  and all of which
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     4.4 Each of the Credit  Agreement  Loan Parties agree to reimburse the
Administrative  Agent and the  Arranger and  Documentation  Agent for their
out-of-pocket  expenses in connection  with this  Amendment,  including the
reasonable  fees,  charges and  disbursements  of Cahill  Gorden & Reindel,
counsel for the  Administrative  Agent and the Arranger  and  Documentation
Agent.

     4.5 THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN
ACCORDANCE  WITH,  THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT  REGARD TO THE
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS.

                [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to
be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers
as of the day and year first above written.

                              METTLER-TOLEDO, INC.,
                                    as a Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO HOLDING AG,
                                    as a Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC.,
                                    as Guarantor

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              SAFELINE HOLDING COMPANY
                                    as UK Borrower and as a Subsidiary
                                    Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO INC.,
                                    as Canadian Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO MANAGEMENT HOLDING
                              DEUTSCHLAND GMBH,
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO S.A., VEROFLAY,
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO K.K., TAKARAZUKA,
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO GMBH, GREIFENSEE
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              METTLER-TOLEDO LTD, LEICESTER
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

                              SAFELINE LIMITED,
                                    as a Subsidiary Swing Line Borrower

                              By: /s/ William P. Donnelly
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:  William P. Donnelly
                                 Title:

<PAGE>

                              MERRILL LYNCH & CO., MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE,
                              FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, as Arranger
                              and Documentation Agent

                              By:
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:
                                 Title:

                              THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
                                    as Administrative Agent

                              By:
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:
                                 Title:

                              THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
                                    as Canadian Agent

                              By:
                                 ---------------------------------
                                 Name:
                                 Title:

                              Name of Lender:
                                              --------------------

                              Signature:
                                         -------------------------

                              Name of Signatory:
                                                 -----------------

                              Title of Signatory:
                                                  ----------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
