<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>o08725exv2w5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.5
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                            EXHIBIT 2.5 - TERM SHEET



     The undersigned Fremantle Media Enterprises Ltd. ("Fremantle"), Greenlight
     Film & Television Inc. ("GFT") and Peace Arch Entertainment Group Inc.
     ("Peace Arch") each acknowledge and agree as follows:

1.   The parties refer to the proposed transaction between Peace Arch and GFT
     whereby GFT will (i) purchase or cause to be purchased certain shares in
     the capital of Peace Arch and (ii) convey certain assets, undertaking and
     business to Peace Arch, certain terms of which have been disclosed to
     Fremantle. In this Term Sheet, the "Transaction" refers to such transaction
     set out in the foregoing sentence as understood by the representatives of
     Fremantle, as the terms thereof may from time to time be amended or varied
     subject to the express terms hereof. GFT agrees that it will not amend or
     vary such terms of the Transaction if such amendment or variation would
     adversely affect the rights of Fremantle as contemplated hereby unless GFT
     obtains Fremantle's prior written agreement to such variation or amendment.
     The parties acknowledge that GFT may, subject to the approval of Fremantle
     (acting in good faith and on reasonable commercial grounds) form one or
     more subsidiaries to carry the Transaction and the terms hereof.

2.   The parties acknowledge that Peace Arch is currently indebted to Fremantle
     in the approximate aggregate principal amount of CDN$7.58 million, accruing
     interest at a rate per annum set out in a letter agreement dated November
     20, 2001 between Fremantle and Peace Arch (the "Fremantle Debt") and that
     the Fremantle Debt is secured by one or more security agreements
     (collectively the "Fremantle Security") which provide Fremantle with a
     fixed and floating charge over all of the assets of Peace Arch (including
     the shares held by Peace Arch in its subsidiaries) and of the assets of
     certain related entities, subject to existing priority agreements between
     Fremantle and certain other creditors of Peace Arch.

3.   Subject to Section 17 hereof, this Agreement is conditional upon closing of
     the Transaction.

4.   Fremantle hereby consents to the Transaction.

5.   The parties agree that the scope of the enforcement of the Fremantle Debt
     and the collateral charged by the Fremantle Security will be restricted to
     the business, assets, and undertaking of Peace Arch (the "Pre-Existing
     Peace Arch Business") as they exist immediately prior to the closing of the
     Transaction, and to any proceeds derived from the Pre-Existing Peace Arch
     Business after the closing of the Transaction including, without
     limitation, (i) revenue from Peace Arch's litigation against VH1 (Action
     No. 5015528, Vancouver Registry), net of costs and third party interests
     therein as currently agreed, (ii) revenue from sales of programmes that
     Peace Arch owns prior to the closing of the Transaction or in production as
     at closing of the Transaction (but for greater certainty excluding revenue
     from any future series or spinoff series of programmes or formats that
     Peace Arch owns prior to the closing of the Transaction, provided that
     there shall be compensation provided to Fremantle by Peace Arch at fair
     market rates for any intellectual property rights owned by Peace Arch as at
     Closing and subsequently used therein), and (iv) any other future assets,
     undertaking and business obtained by Peace Arch derived from Peace Arch's
     assets, existing prior to the closing of the Transaction. In respect of the
     Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business, the parties acknowledge that, save as set
     out herein, the Fremantle Debt and the Fremantle Security shall continue
     unamended and remain in full force and effect.

6.   For greater certainty, the parties acknowledge that as part of the
     Transaction, GFT will be conveying assets to Peace Arch and arranging
     funding for Peace Arch, and that after the closing of the Transaction,
     Peace Arch will, under the new management, be generating new business
     activities and projects and assets separate and apart from the Pre-Existing
     Peace Arch Business. The parties agree that such new business, assets, and
     undertaking (the "Exempt Business") will be beyond the scope of the
     Fremantle Debt and the Fremantle Security, and that Fremantle will have no
     recourse against the Exempt Business nor will it have any right or assert
     any claim with respect thereto.

7.   The parties acknowledge that GFT and Peace Arch currently propose that the
     Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business will, on or following closing of the
     Transaction, be conveyed to a new subsidiary of Peace Arch on the condition
     that such conveyance does not adversely affect or impair the Fremantle Debt
     or the Fremantle Security. In the event of such conveyance, GFT and Peace
     Arch shall cause such subsidiary to execute and deliver all such documents
     and instruments and do and perform such acts as Fremantle considers
     necessary for such subsidiary to assume the Fremantle Debt and the
     Fremantle Security, with Peace Arch being released from liability to
     Fremantle in respect of the Fremantle Debt and the Fremantle Security
     except as expressly provided for herein.

                                       16
<PAGE>

8.   Upon closing of the Transaction, Peace Arch and GFT or such other
     subsidiary as is approved by Fremantle shall manage the Pre-Existing Peace
     Arch Business in accordance with good and prudent business practice with a
     view to maximizing the recovery of value from the Pre-Existing Peace Arch
     Business and maximizing the application of such proceeds to reduction of
     the Fremantle Debt. GFT and Peace Arch also agree that after closing of the
     Transaction, such parties will develop and deliver to Fremantle a written
     business plan for the exploitation of the assets, business and undertaking
     comprising the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business the implementation of which
     shall be subject to Fremantle's approval.

9.   The parties acknowledge and agree that currently all expenses of Peace
     Arch, including its corporate costs, overheads and operating costs, are
     effectively charged against the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business. GFT and
     Peace Arch each agree that upon the closing of the Transaction, any
     transaction between the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business and the Exempt
     Business, including any allocation of overhead or shared or common expenses
     as between the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business and the Exempt Business,
     shall be made in good faith and on reasonable commercial grounds. GFT and
     Peace Arch each further agree that GFT and Peace Arch will from time to
     time (and no less frequently than annually) submit to Fremantle budgets for
     Peace Arch indicating the allocation of overhead or shared or common
     expenses to the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business and such allocation will
     be subject to the approval of Fremantle acting in good faith and on
     reasonable commercial grounds and (iii) Peace Arch will continue to make
     scheduled payments in respect of the leased real property occupied by Peace
     Arch prior to the closing of the Transaction (with the expense of such
     payments to be allocated between the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business and
     the Exempt Business as provided above).

10.  Peace Arch shall deliver on or before the closing of the Transaction a
     convertible instrument in favour of Fremantle setting out terms such that
     if there is any amount of the Fremantle Debt which remains outstanding as
     of December 31, 2004, Fremantle will for a period of ninety days thereafter
     have the right to convert (subject to applicable securities laws and stock
     exchange approvals) such unpaid amount to publicly traded Class B
     Subordinate Voting Shares in the capital of Peace Arch (or any successor
     class of such shares that are publicly traded in the capital of Peace Arch)
     at the lower price of either (i) $5.00 CDN per share or (ii) the average
     price of such shares as at the close of trading for the thirty trading days
     ending on December 31, 2004; provided that in no event shall such
     conversion price be less than $3.00 CDN per share.

11.  Payments on the Fremantle Debt shall be made directly from the income
     stream of the Pre-Existing Peace Arch Business (though the parties
     acknowledge that certain tax credits of the Pre-Existing Peace Arch
     Business shall continue to be allocated to Royal Bank of Canada). Peace
     Arch represents that it has now satisfied all its debts and obligations to
     Working Opportunity Fund (EVCC) Ltd..

12.  A breach by Peace Arch or GFT under this Term Sheet shall, in respect of
     (i) the failure to pay any principal or interest when agreed to be due
     hereunder, if unremedied for 15 days after notice of such breach, and (ii)
     any other provisions hereunder, if unremedied thirty days of notice of such
     breach, result in, at the option of Fremantle, the liens under the
     Fremantle Security becoming immediately enforceable against such parties
     thereto.

13.  This term sheet and the agreement between the parties in respect of the
     transactions contemplated hereby (the "Agreement"), its existence and its
     terms, are confidential and may not be disclosed by any party to any
     person, except to their respective directors, senior management and
     professional advisors on a "need-to-know" basis, provided in each case that
     such persons are under an equivalent duty of confidentiality, and except as
     may be required pursuant to any statutory or securities regulatory or stock
     exchange requirement or court order.

14.  Except as set out in separate agreement, each of the parties shall bear its
     own expenses in connection with carrying out the terms of this Agreement.

15.  If any provision of this Term Sheet shall be deemed by any court of
     competent jurisdiction or held to be invalid or void or unenforceable in
     whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such
     jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or
     unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or
     enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining
     provisions herein in any jurisdiction.

16.  This Term Sheet shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
     laws of the Province of British Columbia and of Canada applicable therein
     and shall be treated in all respects as a British Columbia contract.

                                       17
<PAGE>



17.  This Agreement is legally binding. In preparation for the closing of the
     Transaction, the parties shall each instruct their respective legal counsel
     to prepare more formal legal documentation in order to give effect to the
     provisions hereof. However, if the closing of the Transaction shall not
     have occurred by January 31, 2003, this Agreement shall terminate and be of
     no further force and effect unless, before such time, such date is extended
     in writing by each of the parties.

     Dated this 19th day of November, 2002



                          FREMANTLE MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD.


                          By: /s/ Sarah Tipay
                              ----------------------



                          GREENLIGHT FILM & TELEVISION INC.


                          By: /s/ Gary Howsam
                          ---------------------------



                          PEACE ARCH ENTERTAINMENT GROUP IN.C.

                          By: /s/ Juliet Jones
                              -------------------









                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
