<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c75699exv10w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - NED C. JACKSON
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement"), dated as of October 25,
2002, is entered into by and between TELEX COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and NED C. JACKSON ("Executive").

                                  INTRODUCTION

         The Company desires to employ Executive, and Executive desires to
accept such employment, under the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

         In consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                            EMPLOYMENT; TERM; DUTIES

         1.1 Employment. The Company agrees to continue the employment of
         Executive as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company under the terms
         set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any
         and all other agreements concerning Executive's employment with the
         Company or any of its affiliates, including, but not limited to the
         Employment Agreement dated August 26, 1998 by and between Executive and
         Telex Communications Group, Inc. ("Group") and the Incentive
         Compensation Agreement dated March 14, 2000 by and between Executive
         and Group, and such other agreements and any other agreements are
         deemed terminated as of the date of this Agreement, with no liability
         for such termination under any such agreement or agreements by the
         Company or its affiliates (including Group) to Executive.

         1.2 Term. Executive's employment under this Agreement shall commence at
         the beginning of the last regular payroll period for the Company in
         December 2002 and terminate on December 31, 2003.

         1.3 Duties. Executive shall perform such executive duties for the
         Company as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of
         Directors.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                  COMPENSATION

         2.1 Base Salary. Executive's base salary shall be Four Hundred Fifty
         Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($450,000.00) ("Base Salary") per year,
         payable by the Company in accordance with the Company's normal payroll
         practices applicable to senior executives, but no less frequently than
         monthly.



<PAGE>

         2.2 Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary, Executive shall be eligible
         to receive a bonus payable under the Company's Management Incentive
         Compensation ("MIC") Plan under such terms as are established by the
         Company's Board of Directors from time to time. Executive's "Minimum,"
         "Target" and "Maximum" bonus payable under such MIC Plan shall be 50%,
         100% and 200%, respectively, of his Base Salary. Executive shall be
         guaranteed payment of the Minimum Bonus for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 2003, which bonus shall be payable in one lump sum on
         January 1, 2004. In the event the Company achieves performance
         objectives for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 that would allow
         Executive to earn more than the Minimum bonus to which he is entitled
         pursuant to the preceding sentence, Executive shall be entitled to
         receive such additional amount, up to and including the Maximum bonus
         amount. Any bonus in excess of the guaranteed Minimum bonus payable
         under this Agreement shall be "earned" based on the Company's receipt
         of audited financial results and as and when approved for payment by
         the Company's Board of Directors.

         2.3 Relocation Expenses. Upon Executive's termination or retirement
         from the Company, or upon Executive's death or disability (as defined
         below), the Company shall pay the actual, reasonable closing costs on
         the sale of Executive's current home in Minnesota and his actual and
         reasonable expenses in connection with the relocation of his household
         goods from Minnesota to Executive's new home.

         2.4 Additional Income Tax Liability. "Additional Income Tax Liability"
         shall mean the amount of federal, state or local taxes that the
         Executive is required to pay in connection with compensation received
         under to Section 2.3. If a payment is made to Executive under Section
         2.3 that causes Additional Income Tax Liability, the Company shall pay
         to Executive the Gross-Up Amount calculated according to the formula in
         Exhibit "A". The Gross-Up Amount shall be reduced by the aggregate
         amount of any tax saving (if any) actually realized by the Executive,
         and Executive shall reimburse such excess to the Company.

         2.5 Business Travel. Executive has the option, when appropriate, to
         travel in "business class" for international flights.

                                   ARTICLE III

                  TERMINATION; REASSIGNMENT; DEATH; DISABILITY

         3.1 Termination by Company With Cause. In addition to any other
         remedies available to the Company at law, in equity or as set forth in
         this Agreement, the Company shall have the right, upon sixty (60) days'
         written notice to Executive, to terminate his employment immediately
         without any further liability or obligation to him in respect of his
         employment (other than its obligation to pay Base Salary actually
         earned and vacation time accrued but unpaid, each calculated as of the
         date of termination; and any accrued prorata MIC Plan bonus that has
         been earned based on the Company's receipt of audited financial
         results, if approved for payment to Executive by the Company's Board of
         Directors), if Executive: (a) breaches any material provision of this
         Agreement; or (b) is convicted of or pleads nolo contendere to any
         felony; or (c) is convicted of or pleads nolo


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         contendere to any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude and the conduct
         underlying such misdemeanor has a detrimental effect on the Company, as
         determined by the Board of Directors of the Company; or (d) has
         committed any act of fraud, misappropriation of funds or embezzlement
         in connection with his employment (a "Termination With Cause").

                  Executive acknowledges that the Company's obligations to pay
         Base Salary, vacation time, MIC Plan Bonus, and reimbursement of
         certain expenses as described above, together with any rights or
         benefits under any written plan or agreement which have vested on or
         prior to the termination date of Executive's employment under this
         Section 3.1, constitute the only payments which Executive shall be
         entitled to receive from the Company, or any of its affiliates, and
         neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall have any further
         liability or obligation to him hereunder or otherwise in respect of his
         employment with the Company or any of its affiliates after such
         termination.

         3.2 Termination by Company Without Cause; Voluntary Retirement; or
         Death or Disability of Executive. In the event of any of the following:
         (a) the termination of Executive's employment by the Company at any
         time for any reason other a Termination with Cause (a "Termination
         Without Cause"), (b) the voluntary retirement of Executive from the
         Company, or (c) upon the death or disability of Executive (as defined
         below), the Company shall pay Executive (or Executive's beneficiaries,
         in the event of the death of Executive) an amount equal to the sum of
         the following:

                  (i)      any Base Salary and vacation time that would have
                           been earned and accrued as of the end of the month in
                           which termination, retirement, death or disability
                           occur;

                  (ii)     an amount (the "Severance Payment") equal to a
                           prorata portion (calculated at the end of the month
                           in which termination, retirement, death or disability
                           occur) of (a) Executive's Minimum Bonus, and (b) any
                           additional bonus amount actually "earned" in excess
                           of the Minimum Bonus, up to and including the Maximum
                           Bonus.

                  The Severance Payment shall be made in one lump sum promptly
         following Executive's termination under this Section 3.2 (provided that
         payment of any bonus amount in excess of the prorata Minimum Bonus
         shall be made upon confirmation of such amount following the conclusion
         of the Company's annual audit).

                  In the event of a Termination Without Cause or Executive's
         retirement, Executive shall also be entitled to receive the sum of
         $30,000.00 per month for twelve (12) months, provided that Executive
         agrees to provide consulting services to the Company upon terms
         mutually agreeable to Executive and the Company.

                  Executive acknowledges that the payments and benefits referred
         to in Article II and Section 3.2, together with any rights or benefits
         under any written plan or agreement which have vested on or prior to
         the termination date of Executive's employment under


                                      -3-
<PAGE>



                  Section 3.2, constitute the only payments which Executive
         shall be entitled to receive from the Company or any of its affiliates
         hereunder in the event of any termination of his employment under any
         of the provisions of Section 3.2, and neither the Company nor any of
         its affiliates shall have any further liability or obligation to him.
         At all times, Executive shall be entitled to full indemnification as an
         officer of the Company as provided under Delaware law and the Company's
         Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, policies and directors' and
         officers' liability insurance.

                  For the purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be deemed
         to be "Disabled" or have a "Disability" if, because of Executive's
         physical or mental disability, he has been substantially unable to
         perform his duties under this Agreement for twelve (12) work weeks in
         any twelve (12) month period ("Period of Disability"). The Term shall
         be deemed to have ended as of the close of business on the last day of
         such period. Executive shall be considered to have been substantially
         unable to perform his duties only if he is either (a) unable to
         reasonably and effectively carry out his duties with reasonable
         accommodations by the Company or (b) unable to reasonably and
         effectively carry out his duties because any reasonable accommodation
         which may be required would cause the Company undue hardship and the
         Company has determined not to provide such accommodation for such
         reason. In the event of a disagreement concerning Executive's perceived
         Disability, Executive shall submit to such examinations as are deemed
         appropriate by three practicing physicians specializing in the area of
         Executive's Disability, one selected by Executive, one selected by the
         Company, and one selected by both such physicians. The majority
         decision of such three physicians shall be final and binding on the
         parties. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to limit the Company's
         right to invoke the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any
         perceived Disability of Executive.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                   NON-DISCLOSURE, INVENTIONS AND NON-COMPETE

         4.1 Non-Disclosure. Executive shall not at any time disclose to anyone,
         other than in connection with the business of the Company, any
         confidential or trade secret information about the business of the
         Company ("Confidential Information"); provided, however, that Executive
         may disclose such information (i) at the request of any governmental
         regulatory authority or in connection with an examination of Executive
         by any such authority, (ii) pursuant to subpoena or other court
         process, (iii) when required to do so in accordance with the provisions
         of any applicable law or regulation, or (iv) if such information has
         otherwise been made generally available to the public other than by
         reason of Executive's breach of this paragraph 4.1. Upon termination of
         Executive's employment for any reason, Executive or his legal
         representative shall promptly deliver to the Company all property
         relating to the business of the Company, including all Confidential
         Information, and all copies thereof that are in the possession or
         control of Executive.

         4.2 Non-Disparagement. During Executive's employment with the Company
         and thereafter, Executive agrees not to make any negative or
         disparaging remarks or




                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         comments about the Company, its affiliated or related companies, or any
         of the foregoing entities' directors, officers, employees or products.
         The Company agrees that it shall direct its directors, officers, and
         key employees not to make any negative or disparaging remarks or
         comments about Executive.

         4.3 Injunctive Relief with Respect to Covenants. Executive acknowledges
         that irreparable damage would result to the Company if the provisions
         of Article IV were not specifically enforced, and agrees that the
         Company shall be entitled to any appropriate legal, equitable or other
         remedy, including injunctive relief, a restraining order or other
         equitable relief (without the requirement to post bond) with respect to
         any failure of Executive to comply with the provisions of such Article.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         5.1 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
         the benefit of the parties and their respective legal representatives,
         heirs, distributees, successors and assigns; provided that the rights
         and obligations of Executive hereunder shall not be assignable.

         5.2 Notices. Any notice provided for herein shall be in writing and
         shall be deemed to have been given or made when personally delivered or
         three (3) days following deposit for mailing by first class registered
         or certified mail, return receipt requested, or if delivered by
         facsimile transmission, upon confirmation of receipt of the
         transmission, to the address of the other party set forth below or to
         such other address as may be specified by notice given in accordance
         with this Section 5.2:

                  (a)      If to the Company:

                           Telex Communications, Inc.
                           12000 Portland Avenue South
                           Burnsville, Minnesota 55337
                           Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

                           Fax No.:  (952) 887-5588

                  (b)      If to Executive:

                           Ned C. Jackson
                           1976 Pine Ridge Drive
                           West St. Paul, MN  55118

         5.3 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalidated or
         determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
         such invalidity or unenforceability shall affect only such provision,
         and this Agreement shall be carried out as if any such invalid or
         unenforceable provision were not contained in this Agreement. In
         addition, any such invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed,
         without further action on



                                      -5-
<PAGE>


         the part of the parties, modified, amended or limited to the extent
         necessary to render the same valid and enforceable.

         5.4 No Trust Created. Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action
         taken pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall create or be
         construed to create a trust fund of any kind. Any funds that may be set
         aside or provided for in this Agreement shall continue for all purposes
         to be part of the general funds of the Company and no person other than
         the Company shall by virtue of the provisions of this Agreement have
         any interest in such funds. To the extent that any person acquires a
         right to receive payments from the Company under this Agreement, such
         right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general
         creditor of the Company.

         5.5 Full Discharge of Company Obligations. The amounts payable to
         Executive under Sections 3.1 and 3.2 following termination of his
         employment shall constitute liquidated damages with respect to any and
         all rights and claims of Executive under this Agreement and, upon
         Executive's receipt of such amounts, the Company shall be released and
         discharged from any and all liability to Executive in connection with
         this Agreement or otherwise in connection with Executive's employment
         with the Company and its affiliates.

         5.6 Arbitration of Disputes. The parties agree that any controversy or
         claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any dispute
         arising out of the interpretation or application of this Agreement,
         which the parties are unable to resolve, shall be finally resolved and
         settled exclusively by arbitration in Minnesota by a single arbitrator
         under the American Arbitration Association's Commercial Arbitration
         Rules then in effect and in accordance with the substantive laws of the
         State of Minnesota. If the parties cannot agree upon an arbitrator,
         then for the sole purpose of selecting an arbitrator, each party shall
         choose its own independent representative and those independent
         representatives shall in turn choose the single arbitrator within
         thirty (30) days of the date of the selection of the first independent
         representative. The parties severally recognize and consent to the
         jurisdiction over each of them by the courts of the State of Minnesota.
         The legal expenses of Executive shall be reimbursed to Executive if an
         award is rendered in favor of Executive or if the arbitrator finds that
         Executive acted reasonably and exercised good faith in demanding
         arbitration of any such dispute.

         5.7 Confidentiality. The parties agree that they will not disclose to
         any other person or entity the terms or conditions of this Agreement
         without the prior written consent of the other party or as required by
         law, regulatory authority or as necessary for either party to obtain
         personal loans or financing. Approval of the Company and of Executive
         shall be required with respect to any press releases regarding this
         Agreement and the employment of Executive.

         5.8 Professional Fees. The Company will pay for reasonable fees of
         Executive's professional advisors in connection with the review and
         negotiation of this Agreement.

         5.9 Waiver. No waiver by either party to this Agreement of a breach or
         default by the other party shall be considered valid unless in writing
         signed by the first party, and no



                                      -6-
<PAGE>


         such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or
         default of the same or any other nature.

         5.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
         between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
         supersedes any and all prior agreements or understanding between the
         Company, Telex Communications Group, Inc. and Executive, whether
         written or oral, fully or partially performed relating to any or all
         matters covered by and contained or otherwise dealt with in this
         Agreement.

         5.11 Amendment. No modification, change or amendment of this Agreement
         or any of its provisions shall be valid unless in writing and signed by
         the party against whom such claimed modification, change or amendment
         is sought to be enforced.

         5.12 Applicable Law. This Agreement, and all of the rights and
         obligations of the parties in connection with the employment
         relationship established hereby, shall be governed by and construed in
         accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Minnesota without
         giving effect to principles relating to conflicts of law.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
         of the day and year first above written.



                                    "COMPANY"

                                    TELEX COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation

                                    By: /s/ Edgar S. Woolard, Jr.
                                        -------------------------

                                    Name:   Edgar S. Woolard, Jr.
                                    Title:  Chairman, Board of Directors


                                    "EXECUTIVE"

                                    /s/ Ned C. Jackson
                                    ------------------
                                    Ned C. Jackson




                                      -7-
<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                         CALCULATION OF GROSS-UP AMOUNT

         The term "GROSS-UP AMOUNT" is the amount calculated in accordance with
         the following formula:

                           GROSS-UP AMOUNT = (    a   ) - (a)
                                               -------
                                             ( (1 - r) )

                  a =      The amount required to be grossed up under Section
                           2.7.

                  r =      The sum of (x) the highest marginal federal income
                           tax rates applicable to individuals at the time the
                           Additional Tax Payment is required to be made (the
                           "Federal Rate"), plus (y) the product of: (i) the
                           highest marginal Minnesota income tax rates
                           applicable to individuals at the time the Additional
                           Tax Payment is required to be made, multiplied by
                           (ii) one minus the Federal Rate. However, subsection
                           (ii) shall be equal to one (1) if Minnesota income
                           taxes are not deductible for federal income tax
                           purposes at the time the Additional Tax Payment is
                           required to be made.

         For example, if (i) the Additional Income Tax Liability is equal to
         $1,000,000; (ii) the highest Federal Rate applicable to individuals at
         the time the Additional Tax Payment is required to be made is equal to
         40%; (iii) the highest Minnesota income tax rate applicable to
         individuals at the time the Additional Tax Payment is required to be
         made is equal to 9%, then the Gross-Up Amount would equal $831,501.80
         calculated as follows:

                  r = 0.40 + (0.09 x (.60)

                  r = 0.454

                  $831,501.80 =      $1,000,000 - $(1,000,000)
                                     ----------
                                    (1 - 0.454)

         Accordingly, the total compensation paid (compensation plus Gross-Up
         Amount) would equal $1,831,501.80 (i.e., $1,000,000 + $831,501.80).




                                      -8-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
