<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g81483exv10w16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.16 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN #2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.16


                        DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN NO. 2

         ChoicePoint Inc. (the "Company") does hereby adopt this ChoicePoint
Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan No. 2, effective October 1, 2002.

                                   ARTICLE I.

                                    PREFACE

         SECTION 1.1.    Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan is
              October 1, 2002.

         SECTION 1.2.    Purpose of the Plan. The purpose of this Plan is to
              provide unfunded deferred compensation to certain persons as
              follows:

         Pursuant to the provisions of the Company's 1997 Omnibus Stock
Incentive Plan (the "Omnibus Plan") and particularly section 19(c) thereof, to
provide for a select group of highly compensated management Employees of the
Company (and certain affiliated companies) the ability to elect to defer
receipt, until the termination of their employment or attainment of a stated
age, if later, of (i) unrestricted stock, which they would otherwise receive at
the time when the restrictions pertaining to their Restricted Share awards
granted pursuant to the Omnibus Plan would lapse, and (ii) certain cash bonuses
granted at the time of grant of said Restricted Share awards.

         SECTION 1.3.    Governing Law. This Plan shall be regulated, construed
              and administered under the laws of the State of Georgia, except
              when preempted by federal law.

         SECTION 1.4.    Gender and Number. For purposes of interpreting the
              provisions of this Plan, the masculine gender shall be deemed to
              include the feminine, the feminine gender shall be deemed to
              include the masculine, and the singular shall include the plural
              unless otherwise clearly required by the context.

                                   ARTICLE II.

                                   DEFINITIONS

         The following words and phrases shall have the following respective
meanings for purposes of this Plan:

         SECTION 2.1.    Account shall mean the record maintained in accordance
              with Section 4.3 by the Employer to reflect the number of shares
              of the Company's common stock the receipt of which has been
              deferred pursuant to the terms hereof.

         SECTION 2.2.    Beneficiary shall mean the person or persons designated
              by the Participant as his Beneficiary under this Plan, in
              accordance with the provisions of Article VII hereof.


<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.3.    Benefit shall mean the value as of any given date of
              the contributions and appropriate investment experience credited
              to a Participant's Account identified in Section 2.1.

         SECTION 2.4.    ChoicePoint Inc. Stock Fund shall mean a hypothetical
              fund established for each Participant to reflect the value of the
              Participant's Account invested in said fund. Said fund shall be
              credited with shares and fractional shares of Company common stock
              at the time of any addition to the Fund which are equal to the
              number of shares, including any coincidental cash bonus (converted
              into shares), subject to a Participant's deferral election
              hereunder. Dividends paid on shares of the Company's common stock
              shall be calculated in dollars based on the number of shares held
              in the fund and shall be converted into shares based on the amount
              of the dividend divided by the value of a share of Company common
              stock and credited to the fund as of the date paid, as additional
              hypothetical earnings experienced by the fund. Transfers out of
              said fund shall be made in shares of Company stock only, and the
              fund shall be reduced by the number of shares required. For these
              purposes, the value of Company common stock will be the closing
              price for the stock quoted in The Wall Street Journal for the date
              in question.

         SECTION 2.5.    Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
              amended.

         SECTION 2.6.    Company shall mean ChoicePoint Inc.

         SECTION 2.7.    Committee shall mean the Management Compensation and
              Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

         SECTION 2.8.    Controlled Group means the Company and any other
              corporation which is a member of the controlled group of
              corporations of which the Company is a member as defined in
              section 414(b) of the Code.

         SECTION 2.9.    Employee shall mean a person who (a) performs services
              for an Employer (b) is a common law employee of such an Employer,
              and (c) is classified on the Employer's records, and paid, as a
              salaried employee of the Employer.

         SECTION 2.10.   Employer shall mean the Company and any other
              Controlled Group member that adopts this Plan pursuant to Section
              8.7.

         SECTION 2.11.   Insolvent. For purposes of this Plan, an Employer shall
              be considered Insolvent at such time as it (a) is unable to pay
              its debts as they mature, or (b) is subject to a pending voluntary
              or involuntary proceeding as a debtor under the United States
              Bankruptcy Code, as heretofore or hereafter amended.

         SECTION 2.12.   Participant. For a particular Plan Year, the term
              Participant shall mean (a) any Employee designated by the Chief
              Executive Officer of the Company or, if the Participant in
              question is the Chief Executive Officer, by the Management
              Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors of
              the Company,

                                       2

<PAGE>

              as eligible to participate in the Plan. So long as such a person
              has an undistributed benefit under the Plan, he shall continue to
              be a Participant even though he is no longer an Employee.

         SECTION 2.13.   Plan shall mean the ChoicePoint Inc. Deferred
              Compensation Plan No. 2, as set forth herein or as duly amended.

         SECTION 2.14.   Plan Administrator shall mean the Chief Financial
              Officer and the Vice President, Compensation and Benefits, of the
              Company or the person or persons appointed by the Committee or the
              Board of Directors to administer the Plan pursuant to Article IX.

         SECTION 2.15.   Plan Year shall mean the calendar year; provided,
              however, that the first Plan Year shall begin on the Effective
              Date and end on December 31, 2002.

         SECTION 2.16.   Restricted Shares shall mean shares of Company common
              stock granted to a Participant pursuant to the Omnibus Plan which
              are subject to restrictions on transfers and/or a substantial risk
              of forfeiture.

         SECTION 2.17.   Valuation Date shall mean each day in the calendar year
              or such other date determined by the Plan Administrator and
              communicated to the Participants.

                                   ARTICLE III.

                                  CONTRIBUTIONS

         SECTION 3.1.    Elections to Defer. Each Participant may, at any time
              prior to one (1) year prior to the date on which restrictions
              pertaining to Restricted Share awards lapse, elect irrevocably to
              defer the receipt of said shares, by instrument in writing
              delivered to the Plan Administrator. The irrevocable election to
              defer receipt of said shares shall extinguish the Participant's
              rights with respect to said shares pursuant to the Omnibus Plan
              and replace those rights with the rights described herein. The
              number of said Restricted Shares as to which such an election is
              made shall be credited to the ChoicePoint Inc. Stock Fund. With
              respect to any cash bonus which was granted to the Participant as
              of the same date as the Restricted Shares in question, and which
              would have been payable, if vested, at the same date as the
              restrictions would have lapsed as to said Restricted Shares, each
              Participant may also elect to defer the receipt of any portion or
              all of said cash bonus award, as designated by the Participant on
              the relevant election form, which must be filed no later than one
              (1) year prior to the date on which the cash bonus award would be
              payable. The deferred cash bonus award will be credited to the
              Participant's Account and treated as if invested in common stock
              of the Company in the ChoicePoint Inc. Stock Fund based on the
              value of said shares determined by the Administrator as of the
              date of the deferral.

         SECTION 3.2.    Effect and Duration of Election. Any elections made in
              accordance with Section 3.1 above shall be irrevocable.
              Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant's election to defer
              shall automatically terminate on the earlier of the

                                       3

<PAGE>

              date the Participant's Employer is deemed Insolvent, or the date
              the Plan is terminated.

                                   ARTICLE IV.

                             ACCOUNT ADMINISTRATION

         SECTION 4.1.    Account Earnings Credit. As of each Valuation Date, the
              Accounts attributable to each Participant shall be revalued based
              on the closing price of the Company's stock, quoted in The Wall
              Street Journal, for said date or for the most immediately
              preceding date for which such a quote is published if not
              published on the Valuation Date.

         SECTION 4.2.    Investment Fund. The sole investment fund available to
              determine the earnings credit to be applied (see Section 4.1) to
              each account is the ChoicePoint Inc. Stock Fund. Notwithstanding
              the foregoing, in the absence of a formal amendment to the Plan to
              permit otherwise, under no circumstances shall any Employer
              actually invest any amounts of the Employer's cash or other assets
              in ChoicePoint Inc. stock for the purposes of this Plan.

         SECTION 4.3.    Participant's Accounts. Each Employer shall establish
              and maintain on its books a reserve in an aggregate amount equal
              to the total of the accounts for each Participant. The Plan
              Administrator shall maintain records for individual Participants
              which shall contain the following entries, as applicable:

              (a)   Amounts deferred pursuant to Section 3.1;

              (b)   Amounts to all Accounts for the earnings described in
                    Section 4.1 which shall continue until such Accounts have
                    been distributed to the Participant or his Beneficiary, and

              (c)   Debits for any distributions made from the Accounts.

         SECTION 4.4.    Statements. Participants shall be provided with
              statements of their Account balances as soon as practicable
              following each calendar quarter.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                    VESTING

         A Participant shall be 100% vested in amounts credited to his Account
hereunder upon the date on which the substantial risk of forfeiture and/or
restriction on transfer of the Restricted Shares awarded to him would lapse by
the terms of said award.

                                   ARTICLE VI.

                    DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS TO PARTICIPANTS

         SECTION 6.1.    Deferral Election Form.

                                       4

<PAGE>

              (a)   Deferral Period. The Deferral Election Forms described in
                    the appropriate section above shall also contain such
                    Participant's election regarding the time of the
                    commencement of payment to him of his Benefit described
                    therein. Each Participant may elect that payment of his
                    Benefit shall commence on (i) the date on which he ceases to
                    be an Employee of all members of the Controlled Group, or if
                    later, (ii) the date on which he attains an age specified in
                    the Deferral Election Form.

              (b)   Form of Payment. In the Deferral Election Form, the
                    Participant shall also elect whether to receive his benefits
                    under the Plan in the form of a lump sum payment or in
                    annual installments for a period not exceeding 20 years.
                    Payments of benefits hereunder shall be made in the form
                    elected by the Participant, provided that the Participant
                    shall have made a written election with respect to the form
                    of payment at least twelve months prior to the commencement
                    of payments hereunder. In the event that the Participant has
                    made more than one such election, the most recent election
                    filed with the Plan Administrator, but no less than 12
                    months prior to the date payments are to commence, shall
                    control. If the Participant fails to make a valid election
                    with respect to the form of payment, payments hereunder
                    shall be made in the form of a single lump sum payment.

         SECTION 6.2.    Time and Manner of Payment.

              (a)   Timing. A Participant's Benefit shall be paid (or commence
                    to be paid) to the Participant no later than the 30th day
                    after the date specified in the Participant's Deferral
                    Election Form pursuant to Section 6.1.

              (b)   Form. A Participant's Benefit shall be distributed to the
                    Participant in the form(s) selected by the Participant in
                    the Deferral Election Form pursuant to Section 6.1 with
                    respect to such amounts. If installment payments are
                    elected, the first installment shall be paid on the date
                    specified in Section 6.2(a) and shall be made annually
                    thereafter, with each installment being based on the number
                    of shares of Company common stock held in the Account on the
                    date immediately preceding the date such installment is to
                    be paid. The installment shall be equal to such number
                    multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is one and
                    the denominator of which is the total number of remaining
                    installments to be paid, provided that the resulting number
                    shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares,
                    unless the final installment consists of a fraction, in
                    which event it will be distributed in its cash equivalent
                    determined by the Plan Administrator in good faith. The
                    minimum installment payment shall be one share of Company
                    common stock, except that the final payment shall be the
                    remaining number, or fractions of shares of Company common
                    stock held in the Account.

              (c)   Small Accounts. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or
                    a Participant's Deferral Election Form to the contrary, in
                    the event that the

                                       5

<PAGE>

                    Account of a Participant does not exceed 100 shares of
                    Company common stock at the time of the Participant's
                    termination of employment with all members of the Controlled
                    Group (regardless of whether the Participant has elected
                    distribution at a later age), such Account shall
                    automatically be paid to him in a single lump sum payment as
                    soon as practicable following such termination of
                    employment.

         SECTION 6.3.    Liability for Payment/Expenses. The Company shall pay
              all Benefits and any administrative expenses hereunder to or on
              behalf of a Participant.

                                  ARTICLE VII.

                                 DEATH BENEFITS

         SECTION 7.1.    Beneficiary Designations. A designation of a
              Beneficiary hereunder may be made only by an instrument (in form
              acceptable to the Plan Administrator) signed by the Participant
              and filed with the Plan Administrator prior to the Participant's
              death. In the absence of such a designation and at any other time
              when there is no existing Beneficiary designated hereunder, the
              Beneficiary of a Participant for his Benefits shall be the estate
              of the Participant. If two or more persons designated as a
              Participant's Beneficiary are in existence with respect to a
              single Benefit, the amount of any payment to the Beneficiary under
              this Plan shall be divided equally among such persons unless the
              Participant's designation specifically provides for a different
              allocation. Any change in Beneficiary shall be made by giving
              written notice thereof to the Plan Administrator and any change
              shall be effective only if received by the Plan Administrator
              prior to the death of the Participant.

         SECTION 7.2.    Distribution to Beneficiaries.

              (a)   Amount of Benefits. The Benefits payable to a Participant's
                    Beneficiary under this Plan shall be equal to such
                    Participant's Account balance (or, in the case of a
                    Participant who is not fully vested, the appropriate
                    fraction thereof), on the date of the distribution of the
                    Account to the Beneficiary.

              (b)   Time of Payment. The Benefits payable to a Beneficiary under
                    this Plan shall be paid as soon as practicable following the
                    death of the Participant.

              (c)   Manner of Payment. All Benefits payable to a Beneficiary
                    hereunder shall be paid in the form of a lump sum payment,
                    unless the Participant has elected on the appropriate
                    Deferral Election Form, prior to his death, that the
                    Benefits shall be paid to the Beneficiary (i) in the form of
                    annual installments for a period not exceeding 5 years or
                    (ii) in the form currently being paid, if payments are in
                    pay status at the time of the death, or (iii) in such other
                    form as the Plan Administrator has made available on the
                    Deferral Election Form from time to time. All payments shall
                    be made in shares of Company common stock.

                                       6

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         SECTION 8.1.    Liability of Employers. Nothing in this Plan shall
constitute the creation of a trust or other fiduciary relationship between an
Employer and any Participant, Beneficiary or any other person.

         SECTION 8.2.    Limitation on Rights of Participants and Beneficiaries
              - No Lien. The Plan is designed to be an unfunded, nonqualified
              plan. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create a trust
              or lien in favor of any Participant or Beneficiary on any assets
              of any Employer. The Employers shall have no obligation to
              purchase any assets that do not remain subject to the claims of
              the creditors of the Employers for use in connection with the
              Plan. No Participant or Beneficiary or any other person shall have
              any preferred claim on, or any beneficial ownership interest in,
              any assets of an Employer prior to the time that such assets are
              paid to the Participant or Beneficiary as provided herein. Each
              Participant and Beneficiary shall have the status of a general
              unsecured creditor of the Employers.

         SECTION 8.3.    No Guarantee of Employment. Nothing in this Plan shall
              be construed as guaranteeing future employment to any Participant.
              A Participant who is an Employee continues to be an Employee of an
              Employer solely at the will of the Employer and is subject to
              discharge at any time, with or without cause.

         SECTION 8.4.    Payment to Guardian. If a benefit payable hereunder is
              payable to a minor, to a person declared incompetent or to a
              person incapable of handling the disposition of his property, the
              Plan Administrator may direct payment of such benefit to the
              guardian, legal representative or person having the care and
              custody of such minor, incompetent or person. The Plan
              Administrator may require such proof of incompetency, minority,
              incapacity or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to
              distribution of the benefit. Such distribution shall completely
              discharge the Employers from all liability with respect to such
              benefit.

         SECTION 8.5.    Assignment. No right or interest under this Plan of any
              Participant or Beneficiary shall be assignable or transferable in
              any manner or be subject to alienation, anticipation, sale,
              pledge, encumbrance or other legal process or in any manner be
              liable for or subject to the debts or liabilities of the
              Participant or Beneficiary.

         SECTION 8.6.    Severability. If any provision of this Plan or the
              application thereof to any circumstance(s) or person(s) is held to
              be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of
              the Plan and the application of such provision to other
              circumstances or persons shall not be affected thereby.

         SECTION 8.7.    Adoption by Other Employers. Any member of the
              Controlled Group may adopt this Plan with the consent of the Plan
              Administrator or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company by
              executing an instrument evidencing its adoption of this Plan on
              the order of its Board of Directors and filing a copy

                                       7

<PAGE>

              thereof with the Company. Such adoption may be subject to such
              terms and conditions as the Committee requires or approves.

         SECTION 8.8.    Tax Withholding. Any amount payable to a Participant or
              Beneficiary under this Plan shall be subject to reduction by
              amounts required to be withheld by the Company under any provision
              of law (including without limitation the provisions of federal,
              state, local and foreign tax laws).

         SECTION 8.9.    Effect on other Benefits. Benefits payable to or with
              respect to a Participant under the 401 (k) Plan or any other
              Employer-sponsored (qualified or nonqualified) plan, if any, are
              in addition to those provided under this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE IX.

                           ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

         SECTION 9.1.    Administration.

              (a)   In general. The Plan shall be administered by the Plan
                    Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall have sole and
                    absolute discretion to interpret where necessary all
                    provisions of the Plan (including, without limitation, by
                    supplying omissions from, correcting deficiencies in, or
                    resolving inconsistencies or ambiguities in, the language of
                    the Plan), to determine the rights and status under the Plan
                    of Participants, or other persons, to resolve questions or
                    disputes arising under the Plan and to make any
                    determinations with respect to the Benefits payable under
                    the Plan and the persons entitled thereto as may be
                    necessary for the purposes of the Plan. Without limiting the
                    generality of the foregoing, the Plan Administrator is
                    hereby granted the authority (i) to determine whether a
                    particular Employee is a Participant, and (ii) to determine
                    if an Employee is entitled to Benefits hereunder and, if so,
                    the amount and duration of such Benefits, and (iii) to make
                    any other decisions required in connection with the ongoing
                    administration of the Plan. The Plan Administrator's
                    determination of the rights of any Employee or former
                    Employee or Beneficiary hereunder shall be final and binding
                    on all persons, subject only to the provisions of Sections
                    9.3 and 9.4 hereof.

              (b)   Delegation of Duties. The Plan Administrator may delegate
                    any of its administrative duties, including, without
                    limitation, duties with respect to the processing, review,
                    investigation, approval and payment of Benefits, to a named
                    administrator or administrators.

         SECTION 9.2.    Regulations. The Plan Administrator shall promulgate
              any rules and regulations he deems necessary in order to carry out
              the purposes of the Plan or to interpret the provisions of the
              Plan; provided, however, that no rule, regulation or
              interpretation shall be contrary to the provisions of the Plan.
              The rules, regulations and interpretations made by the Plan
              Administrator shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 9.3 and
              9.4 hereof be final and binding on all persons.

                                       8

<PAGE>

         SECTION 9.3.    Claims Procedures. The Plan Administrator shall
              determine the rights of any Employee or former Employee or
              Beneficiary to any Benefits hereunder. Any person who believes
              that he has not received the Benefits to which he is entitled
              under the Plan may file a claim in writing with the Plan
              Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall, no later than 90 days
              after the receipt of a claim (plus an additional period of 90 days
              if required for processing, provided that notice of the extension
              of time is given to the claimant within the first 90 day period),
              either allow or deny the claim in writing. If a claimant does not
              receive written notice of the Plan Administrator's decision on his
              claim within the above-mentioned period, the claim shall be deemed
              to have been denied in full.

         A denial of a claim by the Plan Administrator, wholly or partially,
shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and
shall include:

              (a)   the specific reasons for the denial;

              (b)   specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the
                    denial is based;

              (c)   a description of any additional material or information
                    necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an
                    explanation of why such material or information is
                    necessary; and

              (d)   an explanation of the claim review procedure.

         A claimant whose claim is denied (or his duly authorized
representative) may within 60 days after receipt of denial of a claim file with
the Plan Administrator a written request for a review of such claim. If the
claimant does not file a request for review of his claim within such 60-day
period, the claimant shall be deemed to have acquiesced in the original decision
of the Plan Administrator on his claim. If such an appeal is so filed within
such 60-day period, the Company (or its delegate) shall conduct a full and fair
review of such claim.

         The Company shall mail or deliver to the claimant a written decision on
the matter based on the facts and the pertinent provisions of the Plan within 60
days after the receipt of the request for review (unless special circumstances
require an extension of up to 60 additional days, in which case written notice
of such extension shall be given to the claimant prior to the commencement of
such extension). Such decision shall be written in a manner calculated to be
understood by the claimant, shall state the specific reasons for the decision
and the specific Plan provisions on which the decision was based and shall, to
the extent permitted by law, be final and binding on all interested persons. If
the decision on review is not furnished to the claimant within the
above-mentioned time period, the claim shall be deemed to have been denied on
review.

         SECTION 9.4.    Revocability of Plan Administrator/Employer Action. Any
              action taken by the Plan Administrator or an Employer with respect
              to the rights or benefits under the Plan of any person shall be
              revocable by the Plan Administrator or the Employer as to payments
              not yet made to such person, and acceptance of any Benefits under
              the Plan constitutes acceptance of and agreement to the Plan
              Administrator's or the Employer's making any appropriate
              adjustments in future

                                       9
<PAGE>

              payments to such person (or to recover from such person) for any
              excess payment or underpayment previously made to him.

         SECTION 9.5.    Amendment. The Committee may at any time (without the
              consent of an Employer) amend any or all of the provisions of this
              Plan, except that (a) no such amendment may adversely affect any
              Participant's Benefit as of the date of such amendment and (b) no
              such amendment may suspend the crediting of earnings on the
              balance of a Participant's Account, until the entire balance of
              such Account has been distributed, in either case, without the
              prior written consent of the affected Participant. Any amendment
              shall be in the form of a written instrument executed by an
              authorized officer of the Company on the order of the Committee.
              In addition, the Plan Administrator shall have the authority to
              adopt (i) amendments to the Plan in order to comply with the
              requirements of applicable laws and regulations, and (ii) any
              other amendments that are consistent with the overall compensation
              and benefit policies of the Company. Subject to the foregoing
              provisions of this Section, such amendment shall become effective
              as of the date specified in such instrument or, if no such date is
              specified, on the date of its execution.

         SECTION 9.6.    Termination.

              (a)   The Committee, in its sole discretion, may terminate this
                    Plan at any time and for any reason whatsoever, except that
                    (i) no such termination may adversely affect any
                    Participant's Benefit as of the date of such termination,
                    except for the acceleration of distribution thereof, and
                    (ii) no such termination may suspend the crediting of
                    earnings on the balance of a Participant's Account, until
                    the entire balance of such Account has been distributed, in
                    either case, without the prior written consent of the
                    affected Participant. Any such termination shall be
                    expressed in the form of a written instrument executed by an
                    authorized officer of the Company on the order of the
                    Committee. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this
                    Subsection, such termination shall become effective as of
                    the date specified in such instrument or, if no such date is
                    specified, on the date of its execution. Written notice of
                    any termination shall be given to the Participants as soon
                    as practicable after the instrument is executed.

              (b)   Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, in the
                    event of a termination of the Plan, the Company, in its sole
                    and absolute discretion, shall have the right to change the
                    time and form of distribution of Participants' Benefits,
                    including requiring that all amounts credited to
                    Participants' Accounts hereunder be immediately distributed
                    in the form of a lump sum payment.

              (c)   Any Employer (other than the Company) that adopts the Plan
                    may elect to withdraw from the Plan and such withdrawal
                    shall constitute a termination of the Plan as to such
                    Employer provided, however, that such terminating Employer
                    shall continue to be an Employer for the purposes hereof as
                    to

                                       10

<PAGE>

              Participants or Beneficiaries to whom it owes obligations
              hereunder. Such withdrawal and termination shall be expressed in
              an instrument executed by the terminating Employer on authority of
              its Board of Directors (or the applicable Committee thereof) and
              filed with the Plan Administrator, and shall become effective as
              of the date designated in such instrument or, if no such date is
              specified, on the date of its execution. Notwithstanding any other
              provision of the Plan, if an Employer (other than the Company)
              ceases to be a member of the Controlled Group, the Plan shall
              automatically terminate with respect to such Employer and all
              vested amounts credited to the Accounts of Employees of such
              Employer shall be immediately payable in the form of a lump sum
              payment or any applicable form of payment pursuant to the
              Participant's election, which shall thereupon become effective, or
              transferred to appropriate accounts established under a successor
              plan by said Employer.

Executed as of the Effective Date.

                                     CHOICEPOINT INC.

                                     By:     /s/ J. Michael de Janes
                                            -----------------------------------

                                     Title:  General Counsel and Secretary
                                            -----------------------------------


                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
