<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh26.txt
<TEXT>
                                                      EXHIBIT 2.6

                      ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

This Agreement dated as of September 6, 2002, is entered into by
and between AMERICAN WATER STAR, INC., a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of Nevada ("AMWS"), and ALL-STAR
BEVERAGES, INC. (formerly known as Star Beverage, Inc.), a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada
("STAR"), and the owners of the capital stock of STAR listed on
Exhibit A of this Agreement, who execute and become a party to
this Agreement.

WHEREAS, AMWS desires to acquire up to 100% of the issued and
outstanding stock, including, but not limited to, all the current
assets, equipment of STAR listed on Exhibit B in consideration
for common stock in AMWS.

WHEREAS, the STAR Shareholders wish to exchange their respective
stock ownership interest for the common stock of AMWS.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration on the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warrants, covenants and agreements hereinafter
set forth and the mutual benefits to the parties to be derived
herefrom, the parties agree as follows:

1.   The Acquisition

     1.1  Tender and Exchange.

          a.   Subject to the terms and conditions of this
               Agreement, at the Closing to be held as provided
               in Section 2, AMWS shall tender the AMWS Shares
               (defined below) to STAR on behalf of the STAR
               Shareholders.

          b.   STAR shall receive the AMWS Shares from AMWS on
               behalf of its respective Shareholders, free and
               clear of all encumbrances other than restrictions
               imposed by Federal and State securities laws.

     1.2  Transaction.  At the Closing, AMWS will tender
          8,200,000 shares of its common stock (the "AMWS
          Shares"), valued at $0.50 per share, equal to the
          valuation of the current assets, equipment and business
          of STAR, in exchange for all of the outstanding shares
          of capital stock of STAR, consisting of 1,000,000
          shares of common stock (the "STAR Shares").  The AMWS
          Shares shall be issued and delivered as set forth in
          Exhibit A hereto.

2.   The Closing.

     2.1  Place and Time. The closing of the instant transaction
          (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of
          Chapman & Flanagan, Ltd. located at 777 N. Rainbow
          Blvd., Suite 390, Las Vegas, Nevada, no later than the
          close of business (Pacific Time) on December 24, 2002,
          or at such other place, date and time as the parties
          may agree in writing.

     2.2  Deliveries by STAR. At the Closing, STAR and the STAR
          Shareholders shall deliver the following to AMWS:

          a.   Certificates representing the STAR Shares
               registered in the name of AMWS (without any legend
               or other reference to any Encumbrance) other than
               those required by federal and or state securities
               law.

          b.   The documents contemplated by Section 3.

          c.   All other documents, instruments and writings
               required by this Agreement to be delivered by STAR
               at the Closing and any other documents or records
               relating to STAR's business reasonably requested
               by AMWS in connection with this Agreement.

     2.3  Deliveries by AMWS. At the Closing, AMWS shall deliver
          the following to STAR:

          a.   The AMWS Shares as contemplated by Section 1, in
               the form specified in Exhibit A.

          b.   The documents contemplated by Section 4.

          c.   All other documents, instruments and writings
               required by this Agreement to be delivered by AMWS
               at the Closing and any other documents or records
               relating to AMWS's business reasonably requested
               by STAR in connection with this Agreement.

3.   Conditions to AMWS's Obligations.

     The obligations of AMWS to effect the Closing shall be
     subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of
     the following conditions, any one or more of which may be
     waived by AMWS:

     3.1  No Injunction. There shall not be in effect any
          injunction, order or decree of a court of competent
          jurisdiction that prevents the consummation of the
          transactions contemplated by this Agreement, that
          prohibits AMWS's acquisition of the STAR Shares or
          AMWS's receipt of STAR Shares or that will require any
          divestiture as a result of AMWS's acquisition of the
          STAR Shares or that will require all or any part of the
          business of STAR to be held separate and no litigation
          or proceedings seeking the issuance of such an
          injunction, order or decree or seeking to impose
          substantial penalties on AMWS or STAR if this Agreement
          is consummated shall be pending.

     3.2  Representations, Warranties and Agreements. The
          representations and warranties of STAR set forth in
          this Agreement shall be true and complete in all
          material respects as of the Closing Date as though made
          at such time, (b) STAR shall have performed, and
          complied in all material respects with the agreements
          contained in this Agreement required to be performed
          and complied with by it at or prior to the Closing and
          (c) STAR shall have received a certificate to that
          effect signed by an authorized representative of STAR.

     3.3  Regulatory Approvals. All licenses, authorizations,
          consents, orders and regulatory approvals of
          Governmental Bodies necessary for the consummation of
          AMWS's acquisition of the STAR Shares shall have been
          obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

     3.4  Shareholder Approval. Shareholders holding a minimum of
          ninety percent (90%) of the common stock of STAR shall
          have approved of and signed this Agreement.

4.   Conditions to STAR and the STAR Shareholders' Obligations.

     The obligations of STAR and the STAR Shareholders to effect
     the Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior
     to the Closing of the following conditions, any one or more
     of which may be waived by STAR:

     4.1  No Injunction. There shall not be in effect any
          injunction, order or decree of a court of competent
          jurisdiction that prevents the consummation of the
          transactions contemplated by this Agreement, that
          prohibits AMWS's acquisition of the STAR Shares or
          STAR's receipt of the AMWS Shares or that will require
          any divestiture as a result of AMWS's acquisition of
          the Shares or STAR's acquisition of the AMWS Shares or
          that will require all or any part of the business of
          AMWS or STAR to be held separate and no litigation or
          proceedings seeking the issuance of such an injunction,
          order or decree or seeking to impose substantial
          penalties on AMWS or STAR if this Agreement is
          consummated shall be pending.

     4.2  Representations, Warranties and Agreements. The
          representations and warranties of AMWS set forth in
          this Agreement shall be true and complete in all
          material respects as of the Closing Date as though made
          at such time, (b) AMWS shall have performed and
          complied in all material respects with the agreements
          contained in this Agreement required to be performed
          and complied with by it at or prior to the Closing and
          (c) STAR shall have received a certificate to that
          effect signed by an authorized representative of AMWS.

     4.3  Regulatory Approvals. All licenses, authorizations,
          consents, orders and regulatory approvals of
          Governmental Bodies necessary for the consummation of
          AMWS's acquisition of the STAR Shares and STAR's
          acquisition of the AMWS Shares shall have been obtained
          and shall be in full force and effect.

5.   Representations and Warranties of STAR

     STAR (and, with respect to Section 5.4, each of the STAR
     Shareholders with respect to that shareholder's shares only)
     represents and warrants to AMWS that, to the knowledge of
     STAR (which limitation shall not apply to Section 5.3) and
     except as otherwise disclosed by STAR:

     5.1  Organization of STAR; Authorization.  STAR is a
          corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
          good standing under the laws of Nevada with full
          corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
          this Agreement and to perform its obligations
          hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of
          this Agreement have been duly authorized by all
          necessary corporate action of STAR and this Agreement
          constitutes a valid and binding obligation of STAR;
          enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

     5.2  Capitalization.  The authorized capital stock of STAR
          consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001
          par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.  As
          of the date hereof 1,000,000 of such common shares of
          STAR were issued and outstanding. No shares have been
          registered under State or Federal securities laws. As
          of the Closing Date, all of the issued and outstanding
          shares of common stock of STAR are validly issued,
          fully paid and nonassessable.

     5.3  No Conflict as to STAR.  Neither the execution and
          delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
          sale of the STAR Shares to AMWS will (a) violate any
          provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-
          laws of STAR or (b) violate, be in conflict with, or
          constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
          lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
          under any agreement to which STAR is a party or (c)
          violate any statute or law or any judgment, decree,
          order, regulation or rule of any court or other
          Governmental Body applicable to STAR.

     5.4  Ownership of STAR Shares. The delivery of certificates
          to AMWS provided in Section 2.2 and the delivery of
          certificates to STAR as provided in Section 2.3 will
          result in AMWS's immediate acquisition of record and
          beneficial ownership of up to 1,000,000 STAR Shares,
          free and clear of all Encumbrances subject to
          applicable State and Federal securities laws.

     5.5  No Conflict as to STAR. Neither the execution and
          delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
          acquisition of the STAR Shares to AMWS will (a) violate
          any provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-
          laws (or other governing instrument) of STAR or (b)
          violate, or be in conflict with, or constitute a
          default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of
          time or both, would constitute a default) under, or
          result in the termination, of, or accelerate the
          performance required by, or excuse performance by any
          Person of its obligations under, or cause the
          acceleration of the maturity of any debt or obligation
          pursuant to, or result in the creation or imposition of
          any Encumbrance upon any property or assets of STAR
          under, any material agreement or commitment to which
          STAR is a party or by which any of its property or
          assets is bound, or to which any of the property or
          assets of STAR is subject, or (c) violate any statute
          or law or any judgment, decree, order, regulation or
          rule of any court or other Governmental Body applicable
          to STAR except, in the case of violations, conflicts,
          defaults, terminations, accelerations or Encumbrances
          described in clause (b) of this Section 5.5, for such
          matters which are not likely to have a material adverse
          effect on the business or financial condition of STAR.

     5.6  Consent and Approvals of Governmental Authorities.
          Except with respect to applicable State and Federal
          securities laws, no consent, approval or authorization
          of, or declaration, filing or registration with, any
          Governmental Body is required to be made or obtained by
          STAR or AMWS in connection with the execution, delivery
          and performance of this Agreement by STAR or the
          consummation of the acquisition of the STAR Shares to
          AMWS.

     5.7  Other Consents. No consent of any Person is required to
          be obtained by STAR or AMWS prior to the execution,
          delivery and performance of this Agreement or the
          consummation of the acquisition of the STAR Shares to
          AMWS, including, but not limited to, consents from
          parties to leases or other agreements or commitments,
          except for any consent which the failure to obtain
          would not be likely to have a material adverse effect
          on the business and financial condition of STAR or
          AMWS.

     5.8  Financial Statements. STAR has delivered to AMWS
          balance sheets of STAR as at the recent and practicable
          period ended, and statements of income and changes in
          financial position for the period then ended. Such STAR
          Financial Statements and notes fairly present the
          financial condition and results of operations of STAR
          as at the respective dates thereof and for the periods
          therein.

     5.9  Title to Properties. STAR owns all the material
          properties and assets that they purport to own (real,
          personal and mixed, tangible and intangible),
          including, without limitation, all the material
          properties and assets reflected in the STAR Financial
          Statements (except for property sold since the date of
          the STAR Financial Statements in the ordinary course of
          business or leased under capitalized leases), and all
          the material properties and assets purchased or
          otherwise acquired by STAR since the date of the STAR
          Financial Statements. All properties and assets
          reflected in the STAR Financial Statements are free and
          clear of all material Encumbrances and are not, in the
          case of real property, subject to any material rights
          of way, building use restrictions, exceptions,
          variances, reservations or limitations of any nature
          whatsoever except, with respect to all such properties
          and assets, (a) mortgages or security interests shown
          on the STAR Financial Statements as securing specified
          liabilities or obligations, with respect to which no
          default (or event which, with notice or lapse of time
          or both, would constitute a default) exists, (b)
          mortgages or security interests incurred in connection
          with the purchase of property or assets after the date
          of the STAR Financial Statements (such mortgages and
          security interests being limited to the property or
          assets so acquired), with respect to which no default
          (or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both,
          would constitute a default) exists, (c) as to real
          property, (i) imperfections of title, if any, none of
          which materially detracts from the value or impairs the
          use of the property subject thereto, or impairs the
          operations of STAR and (ii) zoning laws that do not
          impair the present or anticipated use of the property
          subject thereto, and (d) liens for current taxes not
          yet due. The properties and assets of STAR include all
          rights, properties and other assets necessary to permit
          STAR to conduct STAR's business in all material
          respects in the same manner as it is conducted on the
          date of this Agreement.

     5.10 Buildings, Plants and Equipment. The buildings, plants,
          structures and material items of equipment and other
          personal property owned or leased by STAR are, in all
          respects material to the business or financial
          condition of STAR, in good operating condition and
          repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and are
          adequate in all such respects for the purposes for
          which they are being used. STAR has not received
          notification that it is in violation of any applicable
          building, zoning, anti-pollution, health, safety or
          other law, ordinance or regulation in respect of its
          buildings, plants or structures or their operations,
          which violation is likely to have a material adverse
          effect on the business or financial condition of STAR,
          taken as a whole or which would require a payment by
          STAR or AMWS in excess of $2,000 in the aggregate, and
          which has not been cured.

     5.11 No Condemnation or Expropriation. Neither the whole nor
          any portion of the property or leaseholds owned or held
          by STAR is subject to any governmental decree or order
          to be sold or is being condemned, expropriated or
          otherwise taken by any Governmental Body or other
          Person with or without payment of compensation
          therefore, which action is likely to have a material
          adverse effect on the business or financial condition
          of AMWS, taken as a whole.

     5.12 Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry,
          proceeding or investigation by or before any court or
          Governmental Body pending or threatened in writing
          against or involving STAR which is likely to have a
          material adverse effect on the business or financial
          condition of STAR and AMWS, or which would require a
          payment by STAR in excess of $2,000 in the aggregate or
          which questions or challenges the validity of this
          Agreement. STAR is not subject to any judgment, order
          or decree that is likely to have a material adverse
          effect on the business or financial condition of STAR
          or AMWS, or which would require a payment by STAR in
          excess of $2,000 in the aggregate.

     5.13 Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the STAR
          Financial Statements, STAR has not;

          a.   suffered the damage or destruction of any of its
               properties or assets (whether or not covered by
               insurance) which is materially adverse to the
               business or financial condition of STAR, or made
               any disposition of any of its material properties
               or assets other than in the ordinary course of
               business;

          b.   made any change or amendment in its certificate of
               incorporation or by-laws, or other governing
               instruments;

          c.   issued or sold any Equity Securities or other
               securities, acquired, directly or indirectly, by
               redemption or otherwise, any such Equity
               Securities, reclassified, split-up or otherwise
               changed any such Equity Security, or granted or
               entered into any options, warrants, calls or
               commitments of any kind with respect thereto;

          d.   organized any new Subsidiary or acquired any
               Equity Securities of any Person, or any equity or
               ownership interest in any business;

          e.   borrowed any funds or incurred, or assumed or
               become subject to, whether directly or by way of
               guarantee or otherwise, any obligation or
               liability with respect to any such indebtedness
               for borrowed money;

          f.   paid, discharged or satisfied any material claim,
               liability or obligation (absolute, accrued,
               contingent or otherwise), other than in the
               ordinary course of business;

          g.   prepaid any material obligation having a maturity
               of more than 90 days from the date such obligation
               was issued or incurred;

          h.   canceled any material debts or waived any material
               claims or rights, except in the ordinary course of
               business;

          i.   disposed of or permitted to lapse any rights to
               the use of any material patent or registered
               trademark or copyright or other intellectual
               property owned or used by it;

          j.   granted any general increase in the compensation
               of officers or employees (including any such
               increase pursuant to any employee benefit plan);

          k.   purchased or entered into any contract or
               commitment to purchase any material quantity of
               raw materials or supplies, or sold or entered into
               any contract or commitment to sell any material
               quantity of property or assets, except (i) normal
               contracts or commitments for the purchase of, and
               normal purchases of, raw materials or supplies,
               made in the ordinary course business, (11) normal
               contracts or commitments for the sale of, and
               normal sales of, inventory in the ordinary course
               of business, and (iii) other contracts,
               commitments, purchases or sales in the ordinary
               course of business;

          l.   made any capital expenditures or additions to
               property, plant or equipment or acquired any other
               property or assets (other than raw materials and
               supplies) at a cost in excess of $25,000 in the
               aggregate;

          m.   written off or been required to write off any
               notes or accounts receivable in an aggregate
               amount in excess of $2,000;

          n.   written down or been required to write down any
               inventory in an aggregate amount in excess of
               $2,000;

          o.   entered into any collective bargaining or union
               contract or agreement; or

          p.   other than the ordinary course of business,
               incurred any liability required by generally
               accepted accounting principles to be reflected on
               a balance sheet and material to the business or
               financial condition of STAR.

     5.14 No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the STAR
          Financial Statements, there has not been any material
          adverse change in the business or financial condition
          of STAR.

     5.15 Contracts and Commitments. STAR is not a party to any:

          a.   Contract or agreement (other than purchase or
               sales orders entered into in the ordinary course
               of business) involving any liability on the part
               of STAR of more than $25,000 and not cancelable by
               STAR (without liability to STAR) within 60 days;

          b.   Except with respect to the lease on its business
               location, lease of personal property involving
               annual rental payments in excess of $25,000 and
               not cancelable by STAR (without liability to STAR)
               within 90 days;

          c.   Except with respect to the options referenced
               above, employee bonus, stock option or stock
               purchase, performance unit, profit sharing,
               pension, savings, retirement, health, deferred or
               incentive compensation, insurance or other
               material employee benefit plan (as defined in
               Section 2(3) of ERISA) or program for any of the
               employees, former employees or retired employees
               of STAR;

          d.   Commitment, contract or agreement that is
               currently expected by the management of STAR to
               result in any material loss upon completion or
               performance thereof;

          e.   Contract, agreement or commitment that is material
               to the business of STAR, with any officer,
               employee, agent, consultant, advisor, salesman,
               sales representative, value added reseller,
               distributor or dealer; or

          f.   Employment agreement or other similar agreement
               that contains any severance or termination pay,
               liabilities or obligations.

          All such contracts and agreements are in full force and
          effect. Neither STAR nor any of the STAR Shareholders
          is in breach of, in violation of, or in default under,
          any agreement, instrument, indenture, deed of trust,
          commitment, contract or other obligation of any type to
          which STAR is a party or is or may be bound that
          relates to the business of STAR or to which any of the
          assets or properties of is subject, the effect of which
          breach, violation or default is likely to materially
          and adversely affect the business or financial
          condition of STAR. AMWS has not guaranteed or assumed
          and specifically does not guarantee or assume any
          obligations of STAR.

     5.16 Labor Relations. STAR is not a party to any collective
          bargaining agreement. Except for any matter which is
          not likely to have a material adverse effect on the
          business or financial condition of STAR, (a) STAR is in
          compliance with all applicable laws respecting
          employment and employment practices, terms and
          conditions of employment and wages and hours, and is
          not engaged in any unfair labor practice, (b) there is
          no unfair labor practice complaint against STAR pending
          before the National Labor Relations Board, (c) there is
          no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually
          pending or threatened against STAR, (d) no
          representation question exists respecting the employees
          of STAR, (e) STAR has not experienced any strike, work
          stoppage or other labor difficulty, and (f) no
          collective bargaining agreement relating to employees
          of STAR is currently being negotiated.

     5.18 Compliance with Law. The operations of STAR have been
          conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and
          regulations of all Governmental Bodies having
          jurisdiction over it, except for violations thereof
          which are not likely to have a material adverse effect
          on the business or financial condition of STAR, or
          which would not require a payment by STAR in excess of
          $2,000 in the aggregate, or which have been cured. STAR
          has not received any notification of any asserted
          present or past failure by it to comply with any such
          applicable laws or regulations. STAR has all material
          licenses, permits, orders or approvals from the
          Governmental Bodies required for the conduct of its
          business, and is not in material violation of any such
          licenses, permits, orders and approvals. All such
          licenses, permits, orders and approvals are in full
          force and effect, and no suspension or cancellation of
          any thereof has been threatened.

     5.19 Tax Matters.

          a.   STAR (1) has filed, or prior to the Closing Date
               will have filed, all non-consolidated and non-
               combined Tax Returns and all consolidated or
               combined Tax Returns required to be filed through
               the date hereof and have paid any Tax due through
               the date hereof with respect to the time periods
               covered by such Tax Returns and shall timely pay
               any such Taxes required to be paid by it after the
               date hereof with respect to such Tax Returns; and
               (2) shall prepare and timely file all such Tax
               Returns required to be filed after the date hereof
               and through the Closing Date and pay all Taxes
               required to be paid by it with respect to the
               periods covered by such Tax Returns.  All such Tax
               Returns filed pursuant to clause (2) after the
               date hereof shall, in each case, be prepared and
               filed in a manner consistent in all material
               respects (including elections and accounting
               methods and conventions) with such Tax Return most
               recently filed in the relevant jurisdiction prior
               to the date hereof, except as otherwise required
               by law or regulation.  Any such Tax Return filed
               or required to be filed after the date hereof
               shall not reflect any new elections or the
               adoption of any new accounting methods or
               conventions or other similar items, except to the
               extent such particular reflection or adoption is
               required to comply with any law or regulation.

          b.   All Tax Returns required to be filed by any person
               through the date hereof that are required or
               permitted to include the income, or reflect the
               activities, operations and transactions, of STAR
               for any taxable period have been timely filed, and
               the income, activities, operations and
               transactions of STAR have been properly included
               and reflected thereon.

          c.   STAR has not agreed, or is required, to make any
               adjustment (x) under Section 481(a) of the Code by
               reason of a change in accounting method or
               otherwise, or (y) pursuant to any provision of the
               Tax Reform Act of 1986, the Revenue Act of 1987 or
               the Technical and Miscellaneous Revenue Act of
               1988.

          d.   Neither STAR or any predecessor or Affiliate of
               STAR has, at any time, filed a consent under
               Section 341(f)(1) of the Code, or agreed under
               Section 341(f)(3) of the Code, to have the
               provisions of Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply
               to any sale of its stock.

          e.   There is no (nor has there been any request for
               an) agreement, waiver or consent providing for an
               extension of time with respect to the assessment
               of any Taxes attributable to STAR or its assets or
               operations, and no power of attorney granted by
               STAR with respect to any Tax matter is currently
               in force.

          f.   There is no action, suit, proceeding,
               investigation, audit, claim, demand, deficiency or
               additional assessment in STAR, pending or
               threatened against or with respect to any Tax
               attributable to STAR or its assets or operations.

          g.   All amounts required to be withheld as of the
               Closing Date for Taxes or otherwise have been
               withheld and paid when due to the appropriate
               agency or authority.

          h.   No property of STAR is "tax-exempt use property"
               within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code,
               nor property that STAR will be required to treat
               as being owned by another person pursuant to
               Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of
               1954, as amended and in effect immediately prior
               to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 1986.

          i.   There have been delivered or made available to
               AMWS true and complete copies of all income Tax
               Returns and any other Tax Returns requested by
               AMWS as may be relevant to STAR or its assets or
               operations for any and all periods ending after
               December 31, 2001, and for any Tax years which are
               subject to audit or investigation by any taxing
               authority or entity.

          j.   There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement,
               including but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement,
               covering any employee or former employee of STAR that,
               individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of
               any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Section 280G
               or 162 of the Code.

     5.20 Environmental Matters.

          a.   At all times prior to the date hereof, STAR has
               complied in all material respects with applicable
               environmental laws, orders, regulations, rules
               and. ordinances relating to the Properties (as
               hereinafter defined), the violation of which would
               have a material adverse effect on the business or
               financial condition of STAR, or which would
               require a payment by STAR in excess of $2,000 in
               the aggregate, and which have been duly adopted,
               imposed or promulgated by any legislative,
               executive, administrative or judicial body or
               officer of any Governmental Body.

          b.   The environmental licenses, permits and
               authorizations that are material to the operations
               of STAR are in full force and effect.

          c.   STAR has not released or caused to be released on
               or about the properties currently owned or leased
               by STAR (the "Properties") any (i) pollutants,
               (ii) contaminants, (iii) "Hazardous Substances,"
               as that term is defined in Section 101(14) of the
               Comprehensive Environmental Response Act, as
               amended or (iv) "Regulated Substances," as that
               term in defined in Section 9001 of the Resource
               Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section
               6901, et seq., as amended, which would be required
               to be remediated by any governmental agency with
               jurisdiction over the Properties under the
               authority of laws, regulations and ordinances as
               in effect and currently interpreted on the date
               hereof, which remediation would have a material
               adverse effect on the business or financial
               condition of STAR.

     5.21 Absence of Certain Commercial Practices. STAR has not,
          directly or indirectly, paid or delivered any fee,
          commission or other sum of money or item of property,
          however characterized, to any finder, agent, government
          official or other party, in the United States or any
          other country, which is in any manner related to the
          business or operations of STAR, which STAR knows or has
          reason to believe to have been illegal under any
          federal, state or local laws of the United States or
          any other country having jurisdiction; and STAR has not
          participated, directly or indirectly, in any boycotts
          or other similar practices affecting any of its actual
          or potential shareholders in violation of any
          applicable law or regulation.

     5.22 Borrowing and Guarantees. Except as otherwise
          disclosed, STAR (a) does not have any indebtedness for
          borrowed money, (b) is not lending or committed to lend
          any money (except for advances to employees in the
          ordinary course of business), and (c) is not guarantors
          or sureties with respect to the obligations of any
          Person.

     5.23 Investment Purpose. The STAR Shareholders represent and
          warrant that they are receiving the AMWS Shares for
          investment purposes and not with an intent to
          distribute them.

6.   Representations and Warranties of AMWS

     AMWS represents and warrants to STAR that, to the knowledge
     of AMWS (which limitation shall not apply to Section 6.3),
     and except as otherwise disclosed by AMWS:

     6.1  Organization of AMWS; Authorization. AMWS is a
          corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
          good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada
          with full corporate power and authority to execute and
          deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
          hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of
          this Agreement have been duly authorized by all
          necessary corporate action of AMWS arid this Agreement
          constitutes a valid and binding obligation of AMWS,
          enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

     6.2  Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of AMWS
          consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001
          par value, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
          $0.0001 par value.  As of the date hereof, 6,424,704
          shares of such common stock of AMWS are issued and
          outstanding; and no shares of such preferred stock of
          AMWS are issued and outstanding.  No shares have been
          registered under State or Federal securities laws. As
          of the Closing Date, all of the issued and outstanding
          shares of common stock of AMWS are validly issued,
          fully paid and nonassessable.

     6.3  No Conflict as to AMWS. Neither the execution and
          delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
          sale of the AMWS Shares to STAR will (a) violate any
          provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-
          laws of AMWS, or (b) violate, be in conflict with, or
          constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
          lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
          under any agreement to which AMWS is a party or (c)
          violate any statute or law or any judgment, decree,
          order, regulation or rule of any court or other
          Governmental Body applicable to AMWS.

     6.4  Ownership of AMWS Shares. The delivery of certificates
          to STAR provided in Section 2.3 will result in STAR
          Shareholders' immediate acquisition of record and
          beneficial ownership of the AMWS Shares, free and clear
          of all encumbrances other than as required by Federal
          and State securities laws. There are no outstanding
          options, rights, conversion rights, agreements or
          commitments of any kind relating to the issuance, sale
          or transfer of any Equity Securities or other
          securities of AMWS. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
          deemed to be a representation or warranty as to the
          tradability of any of the AMWS Shares under Federal or
          any State's security laws.

     6.5  No Conflict as to AMWS. Neither the execution and
          delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
          of the instant agreement will (a) violate any provision
          of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or
          other governing instrument) of AMWS or (b) violate, or
          be in conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
          event which, with notice or lapse of time or both,
          would constitute a default) under, or result in the
          termination of, or accelerate the performance required
          by, or excuse performance by any Person of any of its
          obligations under, or cause the acceleration of the
          maturity of any debt or obligation pursuant to, or
          result in the creation or imposition of any Encumbrance
          upon any property or assets of AMWS under, any material
          agreement or commitment to which AMWS is a party or by
          which any of its property or assets is bound, or to
          which any of the property or assets of AMWS is subject,
          or (c) violate any statute or law or any judgment,
          decree, order, regulation or rule of any court or other
          Governmental Body applicable to AMWS except, in the
          case of violations, conflicts, defaults, terminations,
          accelerations or Encumbrances described in clause (b)
          of this Section. 6.5, for such matters which are not
          likely to have a material adverse effect on the
          business or financial condition of AMWS.

     6.6  Consents and Approvals of Governmental Authorities. No
          consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration,
          filing or registration with, any Governmental Body is
          required to be made or obtained by AMWS or STAR in
          connection with the execution, delivery and performance
          of this Agreement by AMWS or the consummation of the
          contemplated transaction.

     6.7  Other Consents. No consent of any Person is required to
          be obtained by STAR or AMWS to the execution, delivery
          and performance of this Agreement or the consummation
          of the contemplated transaction including, but not
          limited to, consents from parties to leases or other
          agreements or commitments, except for any consent which
          the failure to obtain would not be likely to have a
          material adverse effect on the business and financial
          condition of STAR or AMWS.

     6.8  Financial Statements. AMWS has delivered to STAR
          balance sheets of AMWS as at September 30, 2002, and
          statements of income and changes in financial position
          for the period then ended.  Such AMWS Financial
          Statements and notes fairly present the financial
          condition and results of operations of AMWS as at the
          dates thereof and for the periods therein.

     6.9  Title to Properties.  AMWS owns all the material
          properties and assets that they purport to own (real,
          personal and mixed, tangible and intangible),
          including, without limitation, all the material
          properties and assets reflected in the AMWS Financial
          Statements and all the material properties and assets
          purchased or otherwise acquired by AMWS since the date
          of the AMWS Financial Statements. All properties and
          assets reflected in the AMWS Financial Statements are
          free and clear of all material Encumbrances and are
          not, in the case of real property, subject to any
          material rights of way, building use restrictions,
          exceptions, variances, reservations or limitations of
          any nature whatsoever except, with respect to all such
          properties and assets, (a) mortgages or security
          interests shown on the AMWS Financial Statements as
          securing specified liabilities or obligations, with
          respect to which no default (or event which, with
          notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
          default) exists, (b) mortgages or security interests
          incurred in connection with the purchase of property or
          assets after the date of the AMWS Financial Statements
          (such mortgages and security interests being limited to
          the property or assets so acquired), with respect to
          which no default (or event which, with notice or lapse
          of time or both, would constitute a default) exists,
          (c) as to real property, (i) imperfections of title, if
          any, none of which materially detracts from the value
          or impairs the use of the property subject thereto, or
          impairs the operations of AMWS and (ii) zoning laws
          that do not impair the present or anticipated use of
          the property subject thereto, and (d) liens for current
          taxes not yet due. The properties and assets of AMWS
          include all rights, properties and other assets
          necessary to permit AMWS to conduct AMWS's business in
          all material respects in the same manner as it is
          conducted on the date of this Agreement.

     6.10 Buildings, Plants and Equipment. The buildings, plants,
          structures and material items of equipment and other
          personal property owned or leased by AMWS are, in all
          respects material to the business or financial
          condition of AMWS in good operating condition and
          repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and are
          adequate in all such respects for the purposes for
          which they are being used. AMWS has not received
          notification that it is in violation of any applicable
          building, zoning, anti-pollution, health, safety or
          other law, ordinance or regulation in respect of its
          buildings, plants or structures or their operations,
          which violation is likely to have a material adverse
          effect on the business or financial condition of AMWS
          or which would require a payment by STAR or AMWS in
          excess of $2,000 in the aggregate, and which has not
          been cured.

     6.11 No Condemnation or Expropriation. Neither the whole nor
          any portion of the property or leaseholds owned or held
          by AMWS is subject to any governmental decree or order
          to be sold or is being condemned, expropriated or
          otherwise taken by any Governmental Body or other
          Person with or without payment of compensation
          therefore, which action is likely to have a material
          adverse effect on the business or financial condition
          of STAR.

     6.12 Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry,
          proceeding or investigation by or before any court or
          Governmental Body pending or threatened in writing
          against or involving AMWS which is likely to have a
          material adverse effect on the business or financial
          condition of STAR and AMWS or which would require a
          payment by AMWS in excess of $2,000 in the aggregate or
          which questions or challenges the validity of this
          Agreement. AMWS is not subject to any judgment, order
          or decree that is likely to have a material adverse
          effect on the business or financial condition of STAR
          or AMWS or which would require a payment by AMWS in
          excess of $2,000 in the aggregate.

     6.13 Absence of Certain Changes.  Since the date of the AMWS
          Financial Statements, AMWS has not:

          a.   suffered the damage or destruction of any of its
               properties or assets (whether or not covered by
               insurance) which is materially adverse to the
               business or financial condition of AMWS or made
               any disposition of any of its material properties
               or assets other than in the ordinary course of
               business;

          b.   made any change or amendment in its certificate of
               incorporation or by-laws, or other governing
               instruments;

          c.   organized any new Subsidiary or acquired any
               Equity Securities of any Person, or any equity or
               ownership interest in any business;

          d.   paid, discharged or satisfied any material claim,
               liability or obligation (absolute, accrued,
               contingent or otherwise), other than in the
               ordinary course of business;

          e.   prepaid any material obligation having a maturity
               of more than 90 days from the date such obligation
               was issued or incurred;

          f.   canceled any material debts or waived any material
               claims or rights, except in the ordinary course of
               business;

          g.   disposed of or permitted to lapse any rights to
               the use of any material patent or registered
               trademark or copyright or other intellectual
               property owned or used by it;

          h.   granted any general increase in the compensation
               of officers or employees (including any such
               increase pursuant to any employee benefit plan);

          i.   purchased or entered into any contract or
               commitment to purchase any material quantity of
               raw materials or supplies, or sold or entered into
               any contract or commitment to sell any material
               quantity of property or assets, except (i) normal
               contracts or commitments for the purchase of, and
               normal purchases of, raw materials or supplies,
               made in the ordinary course business, (ii) normal
               contracts or commitments for the sale of, and
               normal sales of, inventory in the ordinary course
               of business, and (iii) other contracts,
               commitments, purchases or sales in the ordinary
               course of business;

          j.   made any capital expenditures or additions to
               property, plant or equipment or acquired any other
               property or assets (other than raw materials and
               supplies) at a cost in excess of $2,000 in the
               aggregate;

          k.   written off or been required to write off any
               notes or accounts receivable in an aggregate
               amount in excess of $2,000;

          l.   written down or been required to write down any
               inventory in an aggregate amount in excess of
               $2,000;

          m.   entered into any collective bargaining or union
               contract or agreement; or

          n.   other than the ordinary course of business,
               incurred any liability required by generally
               accepted accounting principles to be reflected on
               a balance sheet and material to the business or
               financial condition of AMWS.

     6.14 No Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the AMWS
          Financial Statements, there has not been any material
          adverse change in the business or financial condition
          of AMWS.

     6.15 Contracts and Commitments.  Except as otherwise
          disclosed by AMWS, AMWS is not a party to any:

          a.   Contract or agreement (other than purchase on
               sales orders entered into in the ordinary course
               of business) involving any liability on the part
               of AMWS of more than $2,000 and not cancelable by
               AMWS (without liability to AMWS) within 60 days;

          b.   Lease of personal property involving annual rental
               payments in excess of $2,000 and not cancelable by
               AMWS (without liability to AMWS) within 90 days;

          c.   Employee bonus, stock option or stock purchase,
               performance unit, profit-sharing, pension,
               savings, retirement, health, deferred or incentive
               compensation, insurance or other material employee
               benefit plan as defined in Section 2(3) of ERISA)
               or program for any of the employees, former
               employees or retired employees of AMWS;

          d.   Commitment, contract or agreement that is
               currently expected by the management of AMWS to
               result in any material loss upon completion or
               performance thereof;

          e.   Contract, agreement or commitment that is material
               to the business of AMWS, with any officer,
               employee, agent, consultant, advisor, salesman,
               sales representative, value added reseller,
               distributor or dealer; or

          f.   Employment agreement or other similar agreement
               that contains any severance or termination pay,
               liabilities or obligations.

          All such contracts and agreements are in full force and
          effect. AMWS is not in breach of, in violation of or in
          default under, any agreement, instrument, indenture,
          deed of trust, commitment, contract or other obligation
          of any type to which AMWS is a party or is or may be
          bound as it relates to the business of AMWS or to which
          any of the assets or properties of AMWS is subject, the
          effect of which breach, violation or default is likely
          to materially and adversity affect the business or
          financial condition of AMWS.

     6.16 Labor Relations. AMWS is not a party to any collective
          bargaining agreement. Except for any matter which is
          not likely to have a material adverse effect on the
          business or financial condition of AMWS, (a) AMWS is in
          compliance with all applicable laws respecting
          employment and employment practices, terms and
          conditions of employment and wages and hours, and is
          not engaged in any unfair labor practice, (b) there is
          no unfair labor practice complaint against AMWS pending
          before the National Labor Relations Board, (c) there is
          no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually
          pending or threatened against AMWS, (d) no
          representation question exists respecting the employees
          of AMWS or any of its Subsidiaries, (e) AMWS has not
          experienced any strike, work stoppage or other labor
          difficulty, and (f) no collective bargaining agreement
          relating to employees of AMWS is currently being
          negotiated.

     6.17 Employee Benefit Plans. AMWS has no plan that is (1) a
          multi-employer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of
          ERISA, or (2) a defined benefit plan as defined in
          Section 3(35) of ERISA, any listed individual account
          pension plan is duly qualified as tax exempt under the
          applicable sections of the Code, each listed benefit
          plan and related funding arrangement, if any, has been
          maintained in all material respects in compliance with
          its terms and the provisions of ERISA and the Code, and
          the there are no material management incentive plans
          nor any material employment contracts or severance
          arrangements pertaining to one or more specific
          employees.

     6.18 Compliance with Law. The operations of AMWS have been
          conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and
          regulations of all Governmental Bodies having
          jurisdiction over them, except for violations thereof
          which are not likely to have a material adverse effect
          on the business or financial condition of AMWS, or
          which would not require a payment by AMWS in excess of
          $2,000 in the aggregate, or which have been cured. AMWS
          has not received any notification of any asserted
          present or past failure by it to comply with any such
          applicable laws or regulations. AMWS has all material
          licenses, permits, orders or approvals from the
          Governmental Bodies required for the conduct of its
          business, and is not in material violation of any such
          licenses, permits, orders and approvals. All such
          licenses, permits, orders and approvals are in full
          force and effect, and no suspension or cancellation of
          any thereof has been threatened.

     6.19 Tax Matters.

          a.   AMWS (1) has filed, or prior to the Closing Date
               will have filed, all non-consolidated and non-
               combined Tax Returns and all consolidated or
               combined Tax Returns required to be filed through
               the date hereof and have paid any Tax due through
               the date hereof with respect to the time periods
               covered by such Tax Returns and shall timely pay
               any such Taxes required to be paid by it after the
               date hereof with respect to such Tax Returns; and
               (2) shall prepare and timely file all such Tax
               Returns required to be filed after the date hereof
               and through the Closing Date and pay all Taxes
               required to be paid by it with respect to the
               periods covered by such Tax Returns.  All such Tax
               Returns filed pursuant to clause (2) after the
               date hereof shall, in each case, be prepared and
               filed in a manner consistent in all material
               respects (including elections and accounting
               methods and conventions) with such Tax Return most
               recently filed in the relevant jurisdiction prior
               to the date hereof, except as otherwise required
               by law or regulation.  Any such Tax Return filed
               or required to be filed after the date hereof
               shall not reflect any new elections or the
               adoption of any new accounting methods or
               conventions or other similar items, except to the
               extent such particular reflection or adoption is
               required to comply with any law or regulation.

          b.   All Tax Returns required to be filed by any person
               through the date hereof that are required or
               permitted to include the income, or reflect the
               activities, operations and transactions, of AMWS
               for any taxable period have been timely filed, and
               the income, activities, operations and
               transactions of AMWS have been properly included
               and reflected thereon.

          c.   AMWS has not agreed, or is required, to make any
               adjustment (x) under Section 481(a) of the Code by
               reason of a change in accounting method or
               otherwise, or (y) pursuant to any provision of the
               Tax Reform Act of 1986, the Revenue Act of 1987 or
               the Technical and Miscellaneous Revenue Act of
               1988.

          d.   Neither AMWS or any predecessor or Affiliate of
               AMWS has, at any time, filed a consent under
               Section 341(f)(1) of the Code, or agreed under
               Section 341(f)(3) of the Code, to have the
               provisions of Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply
               to any sale of its stock.

          e.   There is no (nor has there been any request for
               an) agreement, waiver or consent providing for an
               extension of time with respect to the assessment
               of any Taxes attributable to AMWS or its assets or
               operations, and no power of attorney granted by
               AMWS with respect to any Tax matter is currently
               in force.

          f.   There is no action, suit, proceeding,
               investigation, audit, claim, demand, deficiency or
               additional assessment in AMWS, pending or
               threatened against or with respect to any Tax
               attributable to AMWS or its assets or operations.

          g.   All amounts required to be withheld as of the
               Closing Date for Taxes or otherwise have been
               withheld and paid when due to the appropriate
               agency or authority.

          h.   No property of AMWS is "tax-exempt use property"
               within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code,
               nor property that AMWS will be required to treat
               as being owned by another person pursuant to
               Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of
               1954, as amended and in effect immediately prior
               to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 1986.

          i.   There have been delivered or made available to
               STAR true and complete copies of all income Tax
               Returns and any other Tax Returns requested by
               STAR as may be relevant to AMWS or its assets or
               operations for any and all periods ending after
               December 31, 2001, and for any Tax years which are
               subject to audit or investigation by any taxing
               authority or entity.

          k.   There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement,
               including but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement,
               covering any employee or former employee of AMWS that,
               individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of
               any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Section 280G
               or 162 of the Code.

     6.20 Environmental Matters.

          a.   At all times prior to the date hereof, AMWS has
               complied in all material respects with applicable
               environmental laws, orders, regulations, rules and
               ordinances relating to the Properties (as
               hereinafter defined), the violation of which would
               have a material adverse effect on the business or
               financial condition of AMWS or which would require
               a payment by AMWS in excess of $2,000 in the
               aggregate, and which have been duly adopted,
               imposed or promulgated by any legislative,
               executive, administrative or judicial body or
               officer of any Governmental Body.

          b.   The environmental licenses, permits and
               authorizations that are material to the operations
               of AMWS are in full force and effect.

          c.   AMWS has not released or caused to be released on
               or about the properties currently owned or leased
               by AMWS (the "Properties") any (i) pollutants,
               (ii) contaminants, (iii) "Hazardous Substances,"
               as that term is defined in Section 101(14) of the
               Comprehensive Environmental Response Act, as
               amended or (iv) "Regulated Substances," as that
               term in defined in Section 9001 of the Resource
               Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section
               6901, et seq., as amended, which would be required
               to be remediated by any governmental agency with
               jurisdiction over the Properties under the
               authority of laws, regulations and ordinances as
               in effect and currently interpreted on the date
               hereof, which remediation would have a material
               adverse effect on the business or financial
               condition of AMWS.

     6.21 Absence of Certain Commercial Practices. AMWS has not,
          directly or indirectly, paid or delivered any fee,
          commission or other sum of money or item of property,
          however characterized, to any finder, agent, government
          official or other party, in the United States or any
          other country, which is in any manner related to the
          business or operations of AMWS, which AMWS knows or has
          reason to believe to have been illegal under any
          federal, state or local laws of the United States or
          any other country having jurisdiction; and AMWS has not
          participated, directly or indirectly, in any boycotts
          or other similar practices affecting any of its actual
          or potential shareholders in violation of any
          applicable law or regulation.

     6.22 Borrowing and Guarantees.  Except as otherwise
          disclosed by AMWS, AMWS (a) does not have any
          indebtedness for borrowed money, (b) is not lending or
          committed to lend any money (except for advances to
          employees in the ordinary course of business), and (c)
          is not a guarantor or Surety with respect to the
          obligations of any Person.

     6.24 Purchase for Investment. AMWS is obtaining the STAR
          Shares solely for its own account for the purpose of
          investment and not with a view to, or for sale in
          connection with, any distribution of any portion
          thereof in violation of any applicable securities law.

     6.25 Indemnification. AMWS hereby agrees to indemnify,
          defend and hold harmless STAR, its officers, directors,
          shareholders, agents, and employees, and their
          successors and assigns, against all liabilities,
          damages, claims, costs, expenses and losses (including
          reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) incurred as a
          result of any breach of or failure of AMWS to fulfill
          any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
          made by it under this Agreement.

7.   Access and Reporting; Filings With Governmental Authorities;
Other Covenants.

     7.1  Access between the date of this Agreement and the
          Closing Date. Each of STAR and AMWS shall (a) give to
          the other and its authorized representatives reasonable
          access to all plants, offices, warehouse and other
          facilities and properties of STAR or AMWS, as the case
          may be, and to its books and records, (b) permit the
          other to make inspections thereof, and (c) cause its
          officers and its advisors to furnish the other with
          such financial and operating data and other information
          with respect to the business and properties of such
          party and to discuss with such and its authorized
          representatives its affairs, all as the other may from
          time to time reasonably request.

     7.2  Exclusivity. From the date hereof until the earlier of
          the Closing or the termination of this Agreement, AMWS
          shall not solicit or negotiate or enter into any
          agreement with any other Person with respect to or in
          furtherance of any proposal for a merger or business
          combination involving, or acquisition of any interest
          in, or (except in the ordinary course of business) sale
          of assets by, AMWS, except for the exchange of the AMWS
          Shares for the STAR Shares from the STAR Shareholders.

     7.3  Regulatory Matters. STAR and AMWS shall (a) file with
          applicable regulatory authorities any applications and
          related documents required to be filed by them in order
          to consummate the contemplated transaction and (b)
          cooperate with each other as they may reasonably
          request in connection with the foregoing.

     7.5  Confidentiality. Prior to the Closing Date (or at any
          time if the Closing does not occur) each of STAR and
          AMWS shall keep confidential and not disclose to any
          Person (other than its employees, attorneys,
          accountants and advisors) or use (except in connection
          with the transactions contemplated hereby) all non-
          public information obtained pursuant to Section 7.1.
          Following the Closing, each of STAR and AMWS shall keep
          confidential and not disclose to any Person (other than
          its employees, attorneys, accountants and advisors) or
          use (except in connection. with preparing Tax Returns
          and conducting proceeds relating to Taxes) any
          nonpublic information relating to the other. This
          Section 7.5 shall not be violated by disclosure
          pursuant to court order or as otherwise required by
          law, on condition that notice of the requirement for
          such disclosure is given the other party prior to
          making any disclosure and the party subject to such
          requirement cooperates as the other may reasonably
          request in resisting it. If the Closing does not occur,
          each of STAR and AMWS shall return to the other, or
          destroy, all information it shall have received from
          the other in connection with this Agreement and the
          transactions contemplated hereby, together with any
          copies or summaries thereof or extracts therefrom. Each
          of STAR and AMWS shall use their best efforts to cause
          their respective representatives, employees, attorneys,
          accountants and advisors to whom information is
          disclosed pursuant to Section 7.1 to comply with the
          provisions of this Section 7.5.

8.   Conduct of AMWS's Business Prior to the Closing.

     8.1  Operation in Ordinary Course. Between the date of this
          Agreement and the Closing Date, AMWS shall conduct its
          business in all material respects in the ordinary
          course.

     8.2  Business Organization. Between the date of this
          Agreement and the Closing Date, AMWS shall (a) preserve
          substantially intact the business organization of AMWS;
          and (b) preserve in all material respects the present
          business relationships and good will of AMWS.

     8.3  Corporate Organization. Between the date of this
          Agreement and the Closing Date, AMWS shall not cause or
          permit any amendment of its certificate of
          incorporation or by-laws (or other governing
          instrument) and shall not:

          a.   issue, sell or otherwise dispose of any of its
               Equity Securities, or create, sell or otherwise
               dispose of any options, rights, conversion rights
               or other agreements or commitments of any kind
               relating to the issuance, sale or disposition of
               any of its Equity Securities;

          b.   create or suffer to be created any Encumbrance
               thereon, or create, sell or otherwise dispose of
               any options, rights, conversion rights or other
               agreements or commitments of any kind relating to
               the sale or disposition of any Equity Securities;

          c.   reclassify, split up or otherwise change any of
               its Equity Securities;

          d.   be party to any merger, consolidation or other
               business combination;

          e.   sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any
               of its properties or assets (including, but not
               limited to rights with respect to patents and
               registered trademarks and copyrights or other
               proprietary rights), in an amount which is
               material to the business or financial condition of
               AMWS and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
               except in the ordinary course of business; or

          f.   organize any new Subsidiary or acquire any Equity
               Securities of any Person or any equity or
               ownership interest in any business.

9.   Definitions.

     As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the
     meanings specified or referred to in this Section 9.

     9.1  "Business Day" - Any day that is not a Saturday or
          Sunday or a day on which banks located in the City of
          Las Vegas are authorized or required to be closed.

     9.2  "Code" - The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     9.3  "Encumbrances" - any security interest, mortgage, lien,
          charge, adverse claim or restriction of any kind,
          including, but not limited to, any restriction on the
          use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other
          exercise of any attributes of ownership, other than a
          restriction on transfer arising under Federal or state
          securities laws.

     9.4  "Equity Securities" See Rule 3a-11-l under the
          Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

     9.5  "ERISA"- The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
          1974, as amended.

     9.6  "Governmental Body" - Any domestic or foreign national,
          state or municipal or other local government or multi-
          national body (including, but not limited to, the
          European Economic Community), any subdivision, agency,
          commissioner authority thereof.

     9.7  "Knowledge" - Actual knowledge, after reasonable
          investigation.

     9.8  "Person" - Any individual, corporation, partnership,
          joint venture, trust, association, unincorporated
          organization, other entity, or Governmental Body.

10.  Termination. This Agreement may be terminated before the
     Closing occurs only as follows:

          a.   By written agreement of STAR and AMWS at any time.

          b.   By AMWS, by notice to STAR at any time, if one or
               more of the conditions specified in Section 4 is
               not satisfied at the time at which the Closing (as
               it may be deferred pursuant to Section 2.1) would
               otherwise occur or if satisfaction of such a
               condition is or becomes impossible.

          c.   By STAR, by notice to AMWS at any time, if one or
               more of the conditions specified in Section 3 is
               not satisfied at the time at which the Closing (as
               it may be deferred pursuant to Section 2.1), would
               otherwise occur or if satisfaction of such a
               condition is or becomes impossible.

11.  Previous Agreements. By entering into this Agreement, AMWS
     and STAR (and, where applicable, the STAR Shareholders)
     specifically acknowledge that any and all representations,
     warranties, or provisions in prior agreements between the
     parties, whether written or oral, are superceded by the
     terms and conditions of this Agreement.

12.  Dissenters' Rights. STAR will promptly pay to any dissenting
     shareholders of STAR the amount, if any, to which they shall
     be entitled under NRS 92A.380 with respect to the rights of
     dissenting shareholders.

13.  Notices. All notices, consents, assignments and other
     communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
     shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) delivered
     by hand, (b) sent by telex or facsimile (with receipt
     confirmed), provided that a copy is mailed by registered
     mail, return receipt requested, or (c) received by the
     delivery service (receipt requested), in each case to the
     appropriate addresses, telex numbers and facsimile numbers
     set forth below (or to such other addresses, telex numbers
     and facsimile numbers as a party may designate as to itself
     by notice to the other parties),

          a.   If to AMWS:

                    American Water Star, Inc.
                    4560 S. Decatur, Suite 204
                    Las Vegas, NV 89103
                    Facsimile:  (702) 740-7037
                    Attention:  Thomas F. Krucker, Chairman

               With a copy to:

                    Chapman & Flanagan, Ltd.
                    777 N. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 390
                    Las Vegas, NV 89107
                    Facsimile: (702) 650-5667
                    Attention:  Sean P. Flanagan, Esq.

          b.   If to STAR:

                    All-Star Beverages, Inc.
                    4560 S. Decatur, Suite 204
                    Las Vegas, NV 89103
                    Facsimile: (702) 740-7037
                    Attention:  Roger Mohlman, President

14. Miscellaneous.

     14.2 Expenses. Each party shall bear its own expenses
          incident to the preparation, negotiation, execution and
          delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its
          obligations hereunder.

     14.3 Captions. The captions in this Agreement are for
          convenience of reference only and shall not be given
          any effect in the interpretation of this agreement,

     14.4 No Waiver. The failure of a party to insist upon strict
          adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion
          shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party
          of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence
          to that term or any other term of this Agreement. Any
          waiver must be in writing.

     14.5 Exclusive Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement
          supersedes all prior agreements among the parties with
          respect to its subject matter with respect thereto and
          cannot be changed or terminated orally.

     14.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
          more counterparts, each of which shall be considered an
          original, but all of which together shall constitute
          the same instrument.

     14.7 Governing Law. This Agreement and (unless otherwise
          provided) all amendments hereof and waivers and
          consents hereunder shall be governed by the internal
          law of the State of Nevada, without regard to the
          conflicts of law principles thereof

     14.8 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the
          benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the corporate parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their respective officers, hereunto
duly authorized, and entered into as of the date first above
written.

AMERICAN WATER STAR, INC.          ALL-STAR BEVERAGES, INC.
                                   (formerly Star Beverage, Inc.)



By:/s/                             By:/s/
   Thomas F. Krucker, Chairman        Roger Mohlman, President



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
