<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2107076zex-10_19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.19
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19

2/98(R070101)(11.)001148758                                           *LEAS1998*

                             MASTER LEASE AGREEMENT
                  dated as of DECEMBER 12, 2002 ("AGREEMENT")


     THIS AGREEMENT is between GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION (together
with its successors and assigns, if any, "LESSOR") and TRANSGENOMIC, INC.
("LESSEE"). Lessor has an office at 401 Merritt 7 Suite 23, Norwalk, CT
06851-1177. Lessee is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the
state of Delaware. Lessee's mailing address and chief place of business is 12325
Emmet Street, Omaha, NE 68164. This Agreement contains the general terms that
apply to the leasing of Equipment from Lessor to Lessee. Additional terms that
apply to the Equipment (term, rent, options, etc.) shall be contained on a
schedule ("SCHEDULE").

1.   LEASING:

     (a) Lessor agrees to lease to Lessee, and Lessee agrees to lease from
Lessor, the equipment and the property ("EQUIPMENT") described in any Schedule
signed by both parties.

     (b) Lessor shall purchase Equipment from the manufacturer or supplier
("SUPPLIER") and lease it to Lessee if on or before the Last Delivery Date
Lessor receives (i) a Schedule for the Equipment, (ii) evidence of insurance
which complies with the requirements of Section 9, and (iii) such other
documents as Lessor may reasonably request. Each of the documents required above
must be in form and substance satisfactory to Lessor. Lessor hereby appoints
Lessee its agent for inspection and acceptance of the Equipment from the
Supplier. Once the Schedule is signed, the Lessee may not cancel the Schedule.

2.   TERM, RENT AND PAYMENT:

     (a) The rent payable for the Equipment and Lessee's right to use the
Equipment shall begin on the earlier of (i) the date when the Lessee signs the
Schedule and accepts the Equipment or (ii) when Lessee has accepted the
Equipment under a Certificate of Acceptance ("LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE"). The
term of this Agreement shall be the period specified in the applicable Schedule.
The word "term" shall include all basic and any renewal terms.

     (b) Lessee shall pay rent to Lessor at its address stated above, except as
otherwise directed by Lessor. Rent payments shall be in the amount set forth in,
and due as stated in the applicable Schedule. If any Advance Rent (as stated in
the Schedule) is payable, it shall be due when the Lessee signs the Schedule.
Advance Rent shall be applied to the first rent payment and the balance, if any,
to the final rent payment(s) under such Schedule. In no event shall any Advance
Rent or any other rent payments be refunded to Lessee. If rent is not paid
within ten (10) days of its due date, Lessee agrees to pay a late charge of five
cents ($.05) per dollar on, and in addition to, the amount of such rent but not
exceeding the lawful maximum, if any.

3.   RENT ADJUSTMENT:

     (a) If, solely as a result of Congressional enactment of any law
(including, without limitation, any modification of, or amendment or addition
to, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, ("CODE")), the maximum
effective corporate income tax rate (exclusive of any minimum tax rate) for
calendar-year taxpayers ("EFFECTIVE RATE") is higher than thirty-five percent
(35%) for any year during the lease term, then Lessor shall have the right to
increase such rent payments by requiring payment of a single additional sum. The
additional sum shall be equal to the product of (i) the Effective Rate
(expressed as a decimal) for such year less .35 (or, in the event that any
adjustment has been made hereunder for any previous year, the Effective Rate
(expressed as a decimal) used in calculating the next previous adjustment) times
(ii) the adjusted Termination Value (defined below), divided by (iii) the
difference between the new Effective Rate (expressed as a decimal) and one (1).
The adjusted Termination Value shall be the Termination Value (calculated as of
the first rent due in the year for which the adjustment is being made) minus the
Tax Benefits that would be allowable under Section 168 of the Code (as of the
first day of the year for which such adjustment is being made and all future
years of the lease term). The Termination Values and Tax Benefits are defined on
the Schedule. Lessee shall pay to Lessor the full amount of the additional rent
payment on the later of (i) receipt of notice or (ii) the first day of the year
for which such adjustment is being made.

     (b) Lessee's obligations under this Section 3 shall survive any expiration
or termination of this Agreement.

4.   TAXES:

     (a) If permitted by law, Lessee shall report and pay promptly all taxes,
fees and assessments due, imposed, assessed or levied against any Equipment (or
purchase, ownership, delivery, leasing, possession, use or operation thereof),
this Agreement (or any rents or receipts hereunder), any Schedule, Lessor or
Lessee by any governmental entity or taxing authority during or related to the
term of this Agreement, including, without limitation, all license and
registration fees, and all sales, use, personal property, excise, gross
receipts, franchise, stamp or other taxes, imposts, duties and charges, together
with any penalties, fines or interest thereon (collectively "TAXES"). Lessee
shall have no liability for Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any
state or political subdivision thereof which are on or measured by the net
income of Lessor except as provided in Sections 3 and 14(c). Lessee shall
promptly reimburse Lessor (on an after tax basis) for any Taxes charged to or
assessed against Lessor. Lessee shall show Lessor as the owner of the Equipment
on all tax reports or returns, and send Lessor a copy of each report or return
and evidence of Lessee's payment of Taxes upon request.

     (b) Lessee's obligations, and Lessor's rights and privileges, contained in
this Section 4 shall survive the expiration or other termination of this
Agreement.

5.   REPORTS:

     (a) If any tax or other lien shall attach to any Equipment, Lessee will
notify Lessor in writing, within ten (10) days after Lessee becomes aware of the
tax or lien. The notice shall include the full particulars of the tax or lien
and the location of such Equipment on the date of the notice.

     (b) Lessee will deliver to Lessor, Lessee's complete financial statements,
certified by a recognized firm of certified public accountants within ninety
(90)

<Page>

days of the close of each fiscal year of Lessee. Lessee will deliver to Lessor
copies of Lessee's quarterly financial report certified by the chief financial
officer of Lessee, within ninety (90) days of the close of each fiscal quarter
of Lessee. Lessee will deliver to Lessor all Forms 10-K and 10-Q, if any, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission within thirty (30) days after the
date on which they are filed.

     (c) Lessor may inspect any Equipment during normal business hours after
giving Lessee reasonable prior notice.

     (d) Lessee will keep the Equipment at the Equipment Location (specified in
the applicable Schedule) and will give Lessor prior written notice of any
relocation of Equipment. If Lessor asks, Lessee will promptly notify Lessor in
writing of the location of any Equipment.

     (e) If any Equipment is lost or damaged (where the estimated repair costs
would exceed the greater of ten percent (10%) of the original Equipment cost or
ten thousand and 00/100 dollars ($10,000)), or is otherwise involved in an
accident causing personal injury or property damage, Lessee will promptly and
fully report the event to Lessor in writing.

     (f) Lessee will furnish a certificate of an authorized officer of Lessee
stating that he has reviewed the activities of Lessee and that, to the best of
his knowledge, there exists no default or event which with notice or lapse of
time (or both) would become such a default within thirty (30) days after any
request by Lessor.

     (g) Lessee will promptly notify Lessor of any change in Lessee's state of
incorporation or organization.

6.   DELIVERY, USE AND OPERATION:

     (a) All Equipment shall be shipped directly from the Supplier to Lessee.

     (b) Lessee agrees that the Equipment will be used by Lessee solely in the
conduct of its business and in a manner complying with all applicable laws,
regulations and insurance policies and Lessee shall not discontinue use of the
Equipment.

     (c) Lessee will not move any equipment from the location specified on the
Schedule, without the prior written consent of Lessor.

     (d) Lessee will keep the Equipment free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances other than those which result from acts of Lessor.

     (e) Lessor shall not disturb Lessee's quiet enjoyment of the Equipment
during the term of the Agreement unless a default has occurred and is continuing
under this Agreement.

7.   MAINTENANCE:

     (a) Lessee will, at its sole expense, maintain each unit of Equipment in
good operating order and repair, normal wear and tear excepted. The Lessee shall
also maintain the Equipment in accordance with manufacturer's recommendations.
Lessee shall make all alterations or modifications required to comply with any
applicable law, rule or regulation during the term of this Agreement. If Lessor
requests, Lessee shall affix plates, tags or other identifying labels showing
ownership thereof by Lessor. The tags or labels shall be placed in a prominent
position on each unit of Equipment.

     (b) Lessee will not attach or install anything on any Equipment that will
impair the originally intended function or use of such Equipment without the
prior written consent of Lessor. All additions, parts, supplies, accessories,
and equipment ("ADDITIONS") furnished or attached to any Equipment that are not
readily removable shall become the property of Lessor. All Additions shall be
made only in compliance with applicable law. Lessee will not attach or install
any Equipment to or in any other personal or real property without the prior
written consent of Lessor.

8.   STIPULATED LOSS VALUE: If for any reason any unit of Equipment becomes worn
out, lost, stolen, destroyed, irreparably damaged or unusable ("CASUALTY
OCCURRENCES") Lessee shall promptly and fully notify Lessor in writing. Lessee
shall pay Lessor the sum of (i) the Stipulated Loss Value (see Schedule) of the
affected unit determined as of the rent payment date prior to the Casualty
Occurrence; and (ii) all rent and other amounts which are then due under this
Agreement on the Payment Date (defined below) for the affected unit. The Payment
Date shall be the next rent payment date after the Casualty Occurrence. Upon
Payment of all sums due hereunder, the term of this lease as to such unit shall
terminate.

9.   INSURANCE:

     (a) Lessee shall bear the entire risk of any loss, theft, damage to, or
destruction of, any unit of Equipment from any cause whatsoever from the time
the Equipment is shipped to Lessee.

     (b) Lessee agrees, at its own expense, to keep all Equipment insured for
such amounts and against such hazards as Lessor may reasonably require. All such
policies shall be with companies, and on terms, reasonably satisfactory to
Lessor. The insurance shall include coverage for damage to or loss of the
Equipment, liability for personal injuries, death or property damage. Lessor
shall be named as additional insured with a loss payable clause in favor of
Lessor, as its interest may appear, irrespective of any breach of warranty or
other act or omission of Lessee. The insurance shall provide for liability
coverage in an amount equal to at least ONE MILLION U.S. DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00)
total liability per occurrence, unless otherwise stated in any Schedule. The
casualty/property damage coverage shall be in an amount equal to the higher of
the Stipulated Loss Value or the full replacement cost of the Equipment. No
insurance shall be subject to any co-insurance clause. The insurance policies
shall provide that the insurance may not be altered or canceled by the insurer
until after thirty (30) days written notice to Lessor. Lessee agrees to deliver
to Lessor evidence of insurance reasonably satisfactory to Lessor.

     (c) Lessee hereby appoints Lessor as Lessee's attorney-in-fact to make
proof of loss and claim for insurance, and to make adjustments with insurers and
to receive payment of and execute or endorse all documents, checks or drafts in
connection with insurance payments. Lessor shall not act as Lessee's
attorney-in-fact unless Lessee is in default. Lessee shall pay any reasonable
expenses of Lessor in adjusting or collecting insurance. Lessee will not make
adjustments with insurers except with respect to claims for damage to any unit
of Equipment where the repair costs are less than the lesser of ten percent
(10%) of the original Equipment cost or ten thousand and 00/100 dollars
($10,000). Lessor may, at its option, apply proceeds of insurance, in whole or
in part, to (i) repair or replace Equipment or any portion thereof, or (ii)
satisfy any obligation of Lessee to Lessor under this Agreement.

<Page>

10.  RETURN OF EQUIPMENT:

     (a) At the expiration or termination of this Agreement or any Schedule,
Lessee shall perform any testing and repairs required to place the units of
Equipment in the same condition and appearance as when received by Lessee
(reasonable wear and tear excepted) and in good working order for the original
intended purpose of the Equipment. If required the units of Equipment shall be
deinstalled, disassembled and crated by an authorized manufacturer's
representative or such other service person as is reasonably satisfactory to
Lessor. Lessee shall remove installed markings that are not necessary for the
operation, maintenance or repair of the Equipment. All Equipment will be
cleaned, cosmetically acceptable, and in such condition as to be immediately
installed into use in a similar environment for which the Equipment was
originally intended to be used. All waste material and fluid must be removed
from the Equipment and disposed of in accordance with then current waste
disposal laws. Lessee shall return the units of Equipment to a location within
the continental United States as Lessor shall direct. Lessee shall obtain and
pay for a policy of transit insurance for the redelivery period in an amount
equal to the replacement value of the Equipment. The transit insurance must name
Lessor as the loss payee. The Lessee shall pay for all costs to comply with this
section (a).

     (b) Until Lessee has fully complied with the requirements of Section 10(a)
above, Lessee's rent payment obligation and all other obligations under this
Agreement shall continue from month to month notwithstanding any expiration or
termination of the lease term. Lessor may terminate the Lessee's right to use
the Equipment upon ten (10) days notice to Lessee.

     (c) Lessee shall provide to Lessor a detailed inventory of all components
of the Equipment including model and serial numbers. Lessee shall also provide
an up-to-date copy of all other documentation pertaining to the Equipment. All
service manuals, blue prints, process flow diagrams, operating manuals,
inventory and maintenance records shall be given to Lessor at least ninety (90)
days and not more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to lease termination.

     (d) Lessee shall make the Equipment available for on-site operational
inspections by potential purchasers at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior
to and continuing up to lease termination. Lessor shall provide Lessee with
reasonable notice prior to any inspection. Lessee shall provide personnel, power
and other requirements necessary to demonstrate electrical, hydraulic and
mechanical systems for each item of Equipment.

11.  DEFAULT AND REMEDIES:

     (a) Lessor may in writing declare this Agreement in default if: (i) Lessee
breaches its obligation to pay rent or any other sum when due and fails to cure
the breach within ten (10) days; (ii) Lessee breaches any of its insurance
obligations under Section 9; (iii) Lessee breaches any of its other obligations
and fails to cure that breach within thirty (30) days after written notice from
Lessor; (iv) any representation or warranty made by Lessee in connection with
this Agreement shall be false or misleading in any material respect; (v) Lessee
or any guarantor or other obligor for the Lessee's obligations hereunder
("GUARANTOR") becomes insolvent or ceases to do business as a going concern;
(vi) any Equipment is illegally used; (vii) if Lessee or any Guarantor is a
natural person, any death or incompetency of Lessee or such Guarantor; (viii) a
petition is filed by or against Lessee or any Guarantor under any bankruptcy or
insolvency laws and in the event of an involuntary petition, the petition is not
dismissed within forty-five (45) days of the filing date; or (ix) Lessee
defaults under any other material obligation for (A) borrowed money, (B) the
deferred purchase price of property, or (C) payments due under lease agreements.
The default declaration shall apply to all Schedules unless specifically
excepted by Lessor.

     (b) After a default, at the request of Lessor, Lessee shall comply with the
provisions of Section 10(a). Lessee hereby authorizes Lessor to peacefully enter
any premises where any Equipment may be and take possession of the Equipment.
Lessee shall immediately pay to Lessor without further demand as liquidated
damages for loss of a bargain and not as a penalty, the Stipulated Loss Value of
the Equipment (calculated as of the rent payment date prior to the declaration
of default), and all rents and other sums then due under this Agreement and all
Schedules. Lessor may terminate this Agreement as to any or all of the
Equipment. A termination shall occur only upon written notice by Lessor to
Lessee and only as to the units of Equipment specified in any such notice.
Lessor may, but shall not be required to, sell Equipment at private or public
sale, in bulk or in parcels, with or without notice, and without having the
Equipment present at the place of sale. Lessor may also, but shall not be
required to, lease, otherwise dispose of or keep idle all or part of the
Equipment. Lessor may use Lessee's premises for a reasonable period of time for
any or all of the purposes stated above without liability for rent, costs,
damages or otherwise. The proceeds of sale, lease or other disposition, if any,
shall be applied in the following order of priorities: (i) to pay all of
Lessor's costs, charges and expenses incurred in taking, removing, holding,
repairing and selling, leasing or otherwise disposing of Equipment; then, (ii)
to the extent not previously paid by Lessee, to pay Lessor all sums due from
Lessee under this Agreement; then (iii) to reimburse to Lessee any sums
previously paid by Lessee as liquidated damages; and (iv) any surplus shall be
retained by Lessor. Lessee shall immediately pay any deficiency in (i) and (ii)
above.

     (c) The foregoing remedies are cumulative, and any or all thereof may be
exercised instead of or in addition to each other or any remedies at law, in
equity, or under statute. Lessee waives notice of sale or other disposition (and
the time and place thereof), and the manner and place of any advertising. Lessee
shall pay Lessor's actual attorney's fees incurred in connection with the
enforcement, assertion, defense or preservation of Lessor's rights and remedies
under this Agreement, or if prohibited by law, such lesser sum as may be
permitted. Waiver of any default shall not be a waiver of any other or
subsequent default.

     (d) Any default under the terms of this or any other agreement between
Lessor and Lessee may be declared by Lessor a default under this and any such
other agreement.

12.  ASSIGNMENT: LESSEE SHALL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, ENCUMBER OR SUBLET ANY
EQUIPMENT OR THE INTEREST OF LESSEE IN THE EQUIPMENT WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN
CONSENT OF LESSOR. Lessor may, without the consent of Lessee, assign this
Agreement, any Schedule or the right to enter into a Schedule. Lessee agrees
that if Lessee receives written notice of an assignment from Lessor, Lessee will
pay all rent and all other amounts payable under any assigned Schedule to such
assignee or as instructed by Lessor. Lessee also agrees to confirm in writing
receipt of the notice of assignment as may be reasonably requested by assignee.
Lessee hereby waives and agrees not to assert against any such assignee any
defense, set-off, recoupment claim or counterclaim which Lessee has or may at
any time have against Lessor for any reason whatsoever.

13.  NET LEASE: Lessee is unconditionally obligated to pay all rent and other
amounts due for the entire lease term no matter what happens, even if the
Equipment is damaged or destroyed, if it is defective or if Lessee no longer can
use it. Lessee is not entitled to reduce or set-off against rent or other
amounts due to Lessor or to anyone to whom Lessor assigns this Agreement or any
Schedule whether Lessee's claim arises out of this Agreement, any Schedule, any
statement by Lessor, Lessor's liability or any manufacturer's liability, strict
liability, negligence or otherwise.

14.  INDEMNIFICATION:

     (a) Lessee hereby agrees to indemnify Lessor, its agents, employees,
successors and assigns (on an after tax basis) from and against any and all
losses, damages, penalties, injuries, claims, actions and suits, including legal
expenses, of whatsoever kind and nature arising out of or relating to the
Equipment or this

<Page>

Agreement, except to the extent the losses, damages, penalties, injuries,
claims, actions, suits or expenses result from Lessor's gross negligence or
willful misconduct ("CLAIMS"). This indemnity shall include, but is not limited
to, Lessor's strict liability in tort and Claims, arising out of (i) the
selection, manufacture, purchase, acceptance or rejection of Equipment, the
ownership of Equipment during the term of this Agreement, and the delivery,
lease, possession, maintenance, uses, condition, return or operation of
Equipment (including, without limitation, latent and other defects, whether or
not discoverable by Lessor or Lessee and any claim for patent, trademark or
copyright infringement or environmental damage) or (ii) the condition of
Equipment sold or disposed of after use by Lessee, any sublessee or employees of
Lessee. Lessee shall, upon request, defend any actions based on, or arising out
of, any of the foregoing.

     (b) Lessee hereby represents, warrants and covenants that (i) on the Lease
Commencement Date for any unit of Equipment, such unit will qualify for all of
the items of deduction and credit specified in Section C of the applicable
Schedule ("TAX BENEFITS") in the hands of Lessor, and (ii) at no time during the
term of this Agreement will Lessee take or omit to take, nor will it permit any
sublessee or assignee to take or omit to take, any action (whether or not such
act or omission is otherwise permitted by Lessor or by this Agreement), which
will result in the disqualification of any Equipment for, or recapture of, all
or any portion of such Tax Benefits.

     (c) If as a result of a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant
of the Lessee contained in this Agreement or any Schedule (i) tax counsel of
Lessor shall determine that Lessor is not entitled to claim on its Federal
income tax return all or any portion of the Tax Benefits with respect to any
Equipment, or (ii) any Tax Benefit claimed on the Federal income tax return of
Lessor is disallowed or adjusted by the Internal Revenue Service, or (iii) any
Tax Benefit is recalculated or recaptured (any determination, disallowance,
adjustment, recalculation or recapture being a "LOSS"), then Lessee shall pay to
Lessor, as an indemnity and as additional rent, an amount that shall, in the
reasonable opinion of Lessor, cause Lessor's after-tax economic yields and cash
flows to equal the Net Economic Return that would have been realized by Lessor
if such Loss had not occurred. Such amount shall be payable upon demand
accompanied by a statement describing in reasonable detail such Loss and the
computation of such amount. The economic yields and cash flows shall be computed
on the same assumptions, including tax rates as were used by Lessor in
originally evaluating the transaction ("NET ECONOMIC RETURN"). If an adjustment
has been made under Section 3 then the Effective Rate used in the next preceding
adjustment shall be substituted.

     (d) All references to Lessor in this Section 14 include Lessor and the
consolidated taxpayer group of which Lessor is a member. All of Lessor's rights,
privileges and indemnities contained in this Section 14 shall survive the
expiration or other termination of this Agreement. The rights, privileges and
indemnities contained herein are expressly made for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by Lessor, its successors and assigns.

15.  DISCLAIMER: LESSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS SELECTED THE EQUIPMENT WITHOUT
ANY ASSISTANCE FROM LESSOR, ITS AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES. LESSOR DOES NOT MAKE, HAS
NOT MADE, NOR SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE OR HAVE MADE, ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN OR ORAL, WITH RESPECT TO THE
EQUIPMENT LEASED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY COMPONENT THEREOF, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY AS TO DESIGN, COMPLIANCE WITH SPECIFICATIONS,
QUALITY OF MATERIALS OR WORKMANSHIP, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE,
USE OR OPERATION, SAFETY, PATENT, TRADEMARK OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE.
All such risks, as between Lessor and Lessee, are to be borne by Lessee. Without
limiting the foregoing, Lessor shall have no responsibility or liability to
Lessee or any other person with respect to any of the following; (i) any
liability, loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly
by any Equipment, any inadequacy thereof, any deficiency or defect (latent or
otherwise) of the Equipment, or any other circumstance in connection with the
Equipment; (ii) the use, operation or performance of any Equipment or any risks
relating to it; (iii) any interruption of service, loss of business or
anticipated profits or consequential damages; or (iv) the delivery, operation,
servicing, maintenance, repair, improvement or replacement of any Equipment. If,
and so long as, no default exists under this Agreement, Lessee shall be, and
hereby is, authorized during the term of this Agreement to assert and enforce
whatever claims and rights Lessor may have against any Supplier of the Equipment
at Lessee's sole cost and expense, in the name of and for the account of Lessor
and/or Lessee, as their interests may appear.

16.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF LESSEE: Lessee makes each of the
following representations and warranties to Lessor on the date hereof and on the
date of execution of each Schedule.

     (a) Lessee has adequate power and capacity to enter into, and perform
under, this Agreement and all related documents (together, the "DOCUMENTS").
Lessee is duly qualified to do business wherever necessary to carry on its
present business and operations, including the jurisdiction(s) where the
Equipment is or is to be located.

     (b) The Documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
Lessee and constitute valid, legal and binding agreements, enforceable in
accordance with their terms, except to the extent that the enforcement of
remedies may be limited under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws.

     (c) No approval, consent or withholding of objections is required from any
governmental authority or entity with respect to the entry into or performance
by Lessee of the Documents except such as have already been obtained.

     (d) The entry into and performance by Lessee of the Documents will not: (i)
violate any judgment, order, law or regulation applicable to Lessee or any
provision of Lessee's Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws; or (ii) result in
any breach of, constitute a default under or result in the creation of any lien,
charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon any Equipment pursuant to
any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, bank loan or credit agreement or other
instrument (other than this Agreement) to which Lessee is a party.

     (e) There are no suits or proceedings pending or threatened in court or
before any commission, board or other administrative agency against or affecting
Lessee, which if decided against Lessee will have a material adverse effect on
the ability of Lessee to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

     (f) The Equipment accepted under any Certificate of Acceptance is and will
remain tangible personal property.

     (g) Each financial statement delivered to Lessor has been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.
Since the date of the most recent financial statement, there has been no
material adverse change.

     (h) Lessee's exact legal name is as set forth in the first sentence of this
Agreement and Lessee is and will be at all times validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of its incorporation or organization
(specified in the first sentence of this Agreement).

     (i) The Equipment will at all times be used for commercial or business
purposes.

17.  EARLY TERMINATION:

<Page>

     (a) On or after the First Termination Date (specified in the applicable
Schedule), Lessee may, so long as no default exists hereunder, terminate this
Agreement as to all (but not less than all) of the Equipment on such Schedule as
of a rent payment date ("TERMINATION DATE"). Lessee must give Lessor at least
ninety (90) days prior written notice of the termination.

     (b) Lessee shall, and Lessor may, solicit cash bids for the Equipment on an
AS IS, WHERE IS BASIS without recourse to or warranty from Lessor, express or
implied ("AS IS BASIS"). Prior to the Termination Date, Lessee shall (i) certify
to Lessor any bids received by Lessee and (ii) pay to Lessor (A) the Termination
Value (calculated as of the rent due on the Termination Date) for the Equipment,
and (B) all rent and other sums due and unpaid as of the Termination Date.

     (c) If all amounts due hereunder have been paid on the Termination Date,
Lessor shall (i) sell the Equipment on an AS IS BASIS for cash to the highest
bidder and (ii) refund the proceeds of such sale (net of any related expenses)
to Lessee up to the amount of the Termination Value. If such sale is not
consummated, no termination shall occur and Lessor shall refund the Termination
Value (less any expenses incurred by Lessor) to Lessee.

     (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessor may elect by written notice, at
any time prior to the Termination Date, not to sell the Equipment. In that
event, on the Termination Date Lessee shall (i) return the Equipment (in
accordance with Section 10) and (ii) pay to Lessor all amounts required under
Section 17(b) less the amount of the highest bid certified by Lessee to Lessor.

18.  PURCHASE OPTION:

     (a) Lessee may at lease expiration purchase all (but not less than all) of
the Equipment in any Schedule on an AS IS BASIS for cash equal to its then Fair
Market Value (plus all applicable sales taxes). Lessee must notify Lessor of its
intent to purchase the Equipment in writing at least one hundred eighty (180)
days in advance. If Lessee is in default or if the Lease has already been
terminated Lessee may not purchase the Equipment.

     (b) "Fair Market Value" shall mean the price that a willing buyer (who is
neither a lessee in possession nor a used equipment dealer) would pay for the
Equipment in an arm's-length transaction to a willing seller under no compulsion
to sell. In determining the Fair Market Value the Equipment shall be assumed to
be in the condition in which it is required to be maintained and returned under
this Agreement. If the Equipment is installed it shall be valued on an installed
basis. The costs of removal from current location shall not be a deduction from
the value of the Equipment. If Lessor and Lessee are unable to agree on the Fair
Market Value at least one hundred thirty-five (135) days before lease
expiration, Lessor shall appoint an independent appraiser (reasonably acceptable
to Lessee) to determine Fair Market Value. The independent appraiser's
determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Lessee shall bear all
costs associated with any such appraisal.

     (c) Lessee shall be deemed to have waived this option unless it provides
Lessor with written notice of its irrevocable election to exercise the same
within fifteen (15) days after Fair Market Value is told to Lessee.

19.  MISCELLANEOUS:

     (a) LESSEE AND LESSOR UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF
ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF
THE RELATED DOCUMENTS, ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN LESSEE AND LESSOR RELATING TO THE
SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND/OR THE
RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED BETWEEN LESSEE AND LESSOR. THE SCOPE OF
THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY
BE FILED IN ANY COURT. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE. THIS WAIVER MAY NOT BE
MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING. THE WAIVER ALSO SHALL APPLY TO ANY
SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT,
ANY RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THIS
TRANSACTION OR ANY RELATED TRANSACTION. THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN
CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

     (b) The Equipment shall remain Lessor's property unless Lessee purchases
the Equipment from Lessor and until such time Lessee shall only have the right
to use the Equipment as a lessee. Any cancellation or termination by Lessor of
this Agreement, any Schedule, supplement or amendment hereto, or the lease of
any Equipment hereunder shall not release Lessee from any then outstanding
obligations to Lessor hereunder. All Equipment shall at all times remain
personal property of Lessor even though it may be attached to real property. The
Equipment shall not become part of any other property by reason of any
installation in, or attachment to, other real or personal property.

     (c) Time is of the essence of this Agreement. Lessor's failure at any time
to require strict performance by Lessee of any of the provisions hereof shall
not waive or diminish Lessor's right at any other time to demand strict
compliance with this Agreement. Lessee agrees, upon Lessor's request, to
execute, or otherwise authenticate, any document, record or instrument necessary
or expedient for filing, recording or perfecting the interest of Lessor or to
carry out the intent of this Agreement. In addition, Lessee hereby authorizes
Lessor to file a financing statement and amendments thereto describing the
Equipment described in any and all Schedules now and hereafter executed pursuant
hereto and adding any other collateral described therein and containing any
other information required by the applicable Uniform Commercial Code. Lessee
irrevocably grants to Lessor the power to sign Lessee's name and generally to
act on behalf of Lessee to execute and file financing statements and other
documents pertaining to any or all of the Equipment. All notices required to be
given hereunder shall be deemed adequately given if sent by registered or
certified mail to the addressee at its address stated herein, or at such other
place as such addressee may have specified in writing. This Agreement and any
Schedule and Annexes thereto constitute the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. NO VARIATION OR MODIFICATION OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY WAIVER OF ANY OF ITS PROVISIONS OR CONDITIONS, SHALL BE VALID
UNLESS IN WRITING AND SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES
HERETO.

     (d) If Lessee does not comply with any provision of this Agreement, Lessor
shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to effect such compliance, in
whole or in part. All reasonable amounts spent and obligations incurred or
assumed by Lessor in effecting such compliance shall constitute additional rent
due to Lessor. Lessee shall pay the additional rent within five days after the
date Lessor sends notice to Lessee requesting payment. Lessor's effecting such
compliance shall not be a waiver of Lessee's default.

     (e) Any rent or other amount not paid to Lessor when due shall bear
interest, from the due date until paid, at the lesser of eighteen percent (18%)
per annum or the maximum rate allowed by law. Any provisions in this Agreement
and any Schedule that are in conflict with any statute, law or applicable rule
shall be deemed omitted, modified or altered to conform thereto.

     (f) Lessee hereby irrevocably authorizes Lessor to adjust the Capitalized
Lessor's Cost up or down by no more than ten percent (10%) within each Schedule
to account for equipment change orders, equipment returns, invoicing errors, and
similar matters. Lessee acknowledges and agrees that the rent shall be adjusted

<Page>

as a result of the change in the Capitalized Lessor's Cost. Lessor shall send
Lessee a written notice stating the final Capitalized Lessor's Cost, if it has
changed.

     (g) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER
SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE
INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF
LAWS PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE), INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY
AND PERFORMANCE, REGARDLESS OF THE LOCATION OF THE EQUIPMENT.

     (h) Any cancellation or termination by Lessor, pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement, any Schedule, supplement or amendment hereto, of the lease of
any Equipment hereunder, shall not release Lessee from any then outstanding
obligations to Lessor hereunder.

     (i) To the extent that any Schedule would constitute chattel paper, as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable
jurisdiction, no security interest therein may be created through the transfer
or possession of this Agreement in and of itself without the transfer or
possession of the original of a Schedule executed pursuant to this Agreement and
incorporating this Agreement by reference; and no security interest in this
Agreement and a Schedule may be created by the transfer or possession of any
counterpart of the Schedule other than the original thereof, which shall be
identified as the document marked "Original" and all other counterparts shall be
marked "Duplicate".


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lessee and Lessor have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first above
written.


LESSOR:                                        LESSEE:
GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION           TRANSGENOMIC, INC.

By:        /s/ John Edel                       By:     /s/ Collin D'Silva
   ----------------------------------             ---------------------------

Name:      JOHN EDEL                           Name:   Collin D'Silva
     --------------------------------               -------------------------

Title:  Senior Vice President                  Title:  CEO
      -------------------------------                ------------------------

<Page>

                           ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL RIDER


   PART OF MASTER SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 12, 2002 (THE "CONTRACT")
     BETWEEN GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION (THE "SECURED PARTY") AND
                       TRANSGENOMIC, INC. (THE "DEBTOR").

          As security for the full and faithful performance by the Debtor of all
of the terms and conditions upon the Debtor's part to be performed under the
Contract and any other obligation of the Debtor to the Secured Party now or
hereafter in existence, the Debtor does hereby grant to the Secured Party a
security interest in the property listed below (all hereinafter collectively
called the "ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL"):

All of Debtor's Personal Property and Fixtures now owned or hereafter acquired
and located in the United States including but not limited to the following:

1.        All Machinery, Equipment, Furniture and Fixtures, now owned or
hereafter acquired and located in the United States, complete with any and all
attachments, accessions, additions, replacements, improvements, modifications
and substitutions thereto and therefor and all proceeds including insurance
proceeds and products thereof and therefrom.

2.        All Accounts, Accounts Receivable, Contract Rights, Instruments,
General Intangibles and Chattel Paper, now owned or hereafter acquired and
located in the United States, and all proceeds thereof and therefrom.

3.        All Inventory and any other goods, merchandise or other personal
property held by Debtor for sale or lease and all, raw materials, work or goods
in process or materials or supplies of every nature used, consumed or to be
consumed in Debtor's business, all of the foregoing now owned or hereafter
acquired and located in the United States, and all proceeds, including insurance
proceeds and products of any of the foregoing.

          In the event of a default by the Debtor with respect to any of the
conditions, terms, covenants and provisions under the Contract or other
agreement, Secured Party shall have the rights and remedies of a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code with respect to the Additional Collateral. The
Debtor shall have the same obligations with respect to the Additional Collateral
as it has under the Contract with respect to the Collateral financed.

          This Agreement shall run to the benefit of the Secured Party's
successors and assigns.

Dated:      12/12/02
      --------------------------

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL
CORPORATION                                   TRANSGENOMIC, INC.

BY:     /s/ John Edel                         BY:     /s/ Collin D'Silva
   --------------------------                    --------------------------

TITLE:  SVP                                   TITLE:  CEO
      -----------------------                       -----------------------

<Page>

                                    AMENDMENT

     THIS AMENDMENT is made as of the 12 day of December, 2002, between General
Electric Capital Corporation ("Lessor") and TRANSGENOMIC, INC. ("Lessee") in
connection with that certain Master Lease Agreement, dated as of December 12,
2002("Agreement"). The terms of this Amendment are hereby incorporated into the
Agreement as though fully set forth therein. Section references below refer to
the section numbers of the Agreement. The Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

     11. DEFAULT AND REMEDIES:

     Subsection (a) is hereby amended with the following:

          "(a) Lessor may in writing declare this Agreement in default if: (i)
          Lessee breaches its obligation to pay rent or any other sum when due
          and fails to cure the breach within ten (10) days; (ii) Lessee
          breaches any of its insurance obligations under Section 9; (iii)
          Lessee breaches any of its other obligations and fails to cure that
          breach within thirty (30) days after written notice from Lessor; (iv)
          any representation or warranty made by Lessee in connection with this
          Agreement shall be false or misleading in any material respect; (v)
          Lessee or any guarantor or other obligor for the Lessee's obligations
          hereunder ("GUARANTOR") becomes insolvent or ceases to do business as
          a going concern; (vi) any Equipment is illegally used; (vii) if Lessee
          or any Guarantor is a natural person, any death or incompetency of
          Lessee or such Guarantor; (viii) a petition is filed by or against
          Lessee or any Guarantor under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws and in
          the event of an involuntary petition, the petition is not dismissed
          within forty-five (45) days of the filing date; (ix) Lessee defaults
          under any other material obligation for (A) borrowed money, (B) the
          deferred purchase price of property, or (C) payments due under lease
          agreements; (x) there is any dissolution, termination of existence,
          merger, consolidation or change in controlling ownership of Lessee or
          any Guarantor; or (xi) there is a material adverse change in the
          Lessee's financial condition as determined solely by the Lessor using
          reasonable business judgment. The default declaration shall apply to
          all Schedules unless specifically excepted by Lessor."

     TERMS USED, BUT NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HEREIN SHALL HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN
TO THEM IN THE AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY AMENDED HEREBY, THE AGREEMENT
SHALL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. IF THERE IS ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE
PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT AND THIS AMENDMENT, THEN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL
CONTROL.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment
simultaneously with the Agreement by signature of their respective authorized
representative set forth below.

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION           TRANSGENOMIC, INC.

By:     /s/ John Edel                          By:     /s/ Collin D'Silva
   -------------------------------------          ---------------------------

Name:   John Edel                              Name:   Collin D'Silva
     -----------------------------------            -------------------------

Title:  SVP                                    Title:  CEO
      ----------------------------------             ------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
