<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>v88005exv10w36.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.36
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.36

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

         THIS VOTING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
March 6, 2003, by and among Briazz Venture, L.L.C., an Illinois limited
liability company (the "Investor") and the officers and directors of BRIAZZ,
INC., a Washington corporation (the "Company"), listed on Exhibit A attached
hereto and incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the "Insiders").

         WHEREAS, Investor is investing $2.0 million in a Senior Secured Note, a
Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Warrant"), and Series D Preferred Stock
("Series D Preferred Stock") pursuant to an Amended and Restated Purchase
Agreement dated as of March 5, 2003 (the "Purchase Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to seek shareholder approval of the
issuance of the shares of common stock ("Common Stock") issuable upon conversion
of the Series D Preferred Stock, the terms and conditions of which are set forth
in Articles of Amendment dated March 3, 2003; and

         WHEREAS, in consideration of the execution of the Purchase Agreement by
Investor, the Insiders have agreed to vote the shares of voting capital stock of
the Company owned by them in favor of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series D Preferred Stock;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Investor and the Insiders hereby agree as follows:

         1.        Approval of Common Stock. The Insiders hereby agree to: (i)
         vote all of the shares of voting capital stock of the Company that they
         own, of record or beneficially, or over which they have voting
         authority or discretion to approve the Common Stock issuable upon
         conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, and (ii) take all other
         action that may be necessary or proper to effect the foregoing (whether
         in their capacities as a shareholder, member of the Board of Directors
         of the Company or committee thereof, officer of the Company, or
         otherwise, and including, without limitation, attendance at meetings of
         the shareholders or the Board of Directors of the Company in person or
         by proxy for the purposes of obtaining a quorum and the execution of
         written consents in lieu of meetings).

         2.        Regulatory Compliance. No provision in this Agreement shall
         require any Insider to take any action that would result in the
         Company's Board of Directors or any committee of the Board of Directors
         to cease to be in compliance with any requirement of federal securities
         laws or regulations or interpretations by the Securities and Exchange
         Commission thereunder, or any rules or regulations of Nasdaq or any
         other exchange or trading system through which shares of the Company's
         common stock are quoted or traded.

<PAGE>

         3.        Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the later of
         (a) approval by Nasdaq of the listing of the shares issuable upon
         exercise of the Warrant on the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq
         SmallCap Market and (b) approval by the shareholders of the Company of
         the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred
         Stock. This Agreement shall terminate earlier as to any individual
         Insider on the date that such Insider ceases to be an officer, director
         or employee of or to have a contractual relationship with the Company.

         4.        No Revocation. The voting agreements set forth herein are
         coupled with an interest and may not be revoked.

         5.        Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement constitutes the full
         and complete agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the
         subject matter hereof. Any term hereof may be amended and the
         observance of any term hereof may be waived only with the written
         consent of Investor and a majority in interest of the Insiders. No
         waivers of or exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this
         Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or
         construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term,
         condition, or provision.

         6.        Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, etc. In the event of any stock
         split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, or the like,
         any securities issued with respect to the shares of the capital stock
         of the Company owned by any of the parties hereto shall become subject
         to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

         7.        Severability. Each provision of this Agreement shall be
         interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
         applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be held to
         be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
         be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
         without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining
         provisions of this Agreement.

         8.        Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
         construed under the laws of the State of Washington applicable to
         agreements executed, delivered, and to be performed entirely with such
         State and without regard to the rules of such State regarding conflicts
         of laws.

         9.        Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
         counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
         which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         10.       Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly
         provided in this Agreement, the provisions hereof shall inure to the
         benefit or, and be binding upon, the Company and the Insiders and their
         respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns.

<PAGE>

         11.       Notices. All notices, requests, permissions, waivers, and
         other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered by
         personal delivery or transmitted by facsimile transmission or by a
         reputable overnight courier service and shall be deemed to have been
         duly given and received: (i) upon personal delivery or receipt of a
         facsimile transmission; or (ii) one (1) day after being transmitted by
         a reputable overnight courier service, properly addressed and charges
         prepaid to the intended recipient as follow:

                   (a)     If to Investor:

                   Briazz Venture, L.L.C.
                   c/o New Management, Ltd.
                   212 North Sangamon, Suite 1-A
                   Chicago, Illinois 60607
                   Attention: David Cotton
                   Telephone: (312) 243-2122
                   Fax: (312) 243-5088

                   With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) given in the
                   manner prescribed above to:

                   Shefsky & Froelich Ltd.
                   444 North Michigan Avenue
                   Suite 2500
                   Chicago, Illinois 60611
                   Attention: Michael J. Choate, Esq.
                   Telephone: (312) 836-4066
                   Fax: (312) 527-5921

or at such other address as the Investor shall have furnished to the Company and
the Insiders in writing; and

                   (b)       if to any Insider, at the address of such Insider
specified on the Insider's counterpart signature page hereto, or at such other
addresses as the Insider shall have furnished to the Company and Investor in
writing.

<PAGE>

                             SEPARATE SIGNATURE PAGE

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year hereinabove first written.

                           Briazz Venture, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability
                           company

                           /s/ David L. Cotton
                           -----------------------------
                           David L. Cotton, Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                             SEPARATE SIGNATURE PAGE

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year hereinabove first written.

                                    INSIDER

                                    /s/ Victor D. Alhadeff
                                    ----------------------------
                                    Signature

                                    Victor D. Alhadeff
                                    ----------------------------
                                    Print Name

                                    3901 7th Avenue South
                                    Suite 200
                                    Seattle WA 98108
                                    Address for Notices

                                    206.613.0500
                                    Facsimile No. for Notices (if any)

<PAGE>

                          EXHIBIT A TO VOTING AGREEMENT

                                LIST OF INSIDERS

Victor D. Alhadeff


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
