<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>w84305exv10w17.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.17

                       ASSIGNMENT and ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT


      This Assignment and Assumption Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into
effective as of the 28th day of February, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and
between Amkor Technology, Inc. ("Amkor"), Anam Semiconductor, Inc. ("Anam") and
Texas Instruments Incorporated ("TI").

      WHEREAS, Amkor, Anam and TI entered into a Second Amended and Restated
Manufacturing and Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2001 (attached hereto as
Exhibit A) (the "MPA"); and

      WHEREAS, Amkor, Anam and TI entered into a Phase 3 Technical Assistance
Agreement dated July 1, 2000 (attached hereto as Exhibit B) (the "TAA"); and

      WHEREAS, Amkor wishes to assign its rights and delegate its duties and
obligations under the MPA and the TAA to Anam, and Anam wishes to obtain such
rights and assume such duties and obligations under the MPA and the TAA; and

      NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

      1.    Assignment. By this Agreement, and except with respect to the
            duties, obligations and liabilities of Amkor created by,
            acknowledged, or arising out of this Agreement, Amkor hereby: (i)
            assigns to Anam all right, title and interest in, to and under the
            MPA and the TAA; and (ii) delegates to Anam all duties and
            obligations of performance under the MPA and the TAA; and (iii)
            fully releases and discharges TI from any and all duties,
            obligations and liabilities that TI may have to Amkor under the MPA,
            the TAA, or any transaction relating thereto from the Effective
            Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall relieve TI
            of its obligation to pay any undisputed outstanding trade payables
            ("Amounts") invoiced to TI and due to Amkor incurred by TI in the
            ordinary course of business under the MPA as of the Effective Date,
            which Amounts TI shall pay to Amkor in accordance with the terms of
            the MPA.

      2.    Assumption. Anam hereby acknowledges and accepts such assignment,
            and hereby assumes and agrees to fully perform all of Amkor's
            duties, obligations and liabilities under the MPA and TAA. Anam
            shall defend, indemnify and hold Amkor harmless from and against any
            and all claims arising out of Anam's performance or failure to
            perform, satisfy or discharge Amkor's duties, obligations and
            liabilities under the MPA and/or the TAA, as assumed by Anam
            hereunder.

      3.    Consent. Subject to completion by Anam and Amkor of the contemplated
            transaction whereby Amkor will sell, assign, and otherwise transfer
            to Anam, and/or its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, Amkor's assets
            related to the

                                        1
<PAGE>
            provision of foundry marketing services, and except with respect to
            the duties, obligations and liabilities of Amkor created by,
            acknowledged, or arising out of this Agreement, TI hereby: (i)
            acknowledges and consents to the assignment of the MPA and the TAA
            as set forth above; and (ii) agrees to look solely to Anam for
            performance and satisfaction of all duties, obligations and
            liabilities under the MPA and the TAA from the Effective Date; and
            (iii) fully releases and discharges Amkor from any and all such
            duties, obligations and liabilities under the MPA and the TAA from
            the Effective Date.

      4.    Confidentiality. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to
            the contrary, Amkor hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that
            its confidentiality and indemnification duties, obligations and
            liabilities as set forth in Article 13 of the MPA shall continue
            (including without limitation those confidentiality and
            indemnification duties, obligations and liabilities under Articles
            10 and 14.04 of the TAA and under Article 10 of the Phase 2
            Technology Assistance Agreement dated January 1, 1998).

      5.    Waiver. The failure on the part of any party to exercise or enforce
            any rights conferred on it hereunder shall not be deemed to
            constitute a waiver of any rights nor operate as a bar to the
            exercise or enforcement of any rights at any time or at times
            hereafter.

      6.    Notices. All notices, orders and other communications pursuant to
            this Agreement shall be served on each party in writing via
            facsimile transmission (confirmed by registered letter), registered
            letter, telex or prepaid cable to the following persons at the
            following addresses and fax numbers:

            if to TI:
                           Mr. Kevin Ritchie
                           13353 TI Boulevard, M/S 344
                           Dallas, Texas 75243
                           Fax:  972-995-5086

            with a copy to:

                           General Counsel
                           7839 Churchill Way M/S 3999
                           Dallas, Texas 75251
                           Fax: 972-917-4418

            if to Amkor:

                           Mr. Eric R. Larson
                           1900 South Price Road
                           Chandler, AZ 85248
                           Fax: 480-821-2616

                                        2
<PAGE>
            with a copy to:

                           Kevin J. Heron, Esq.
                           General Counsel
                           Amkor Technology, Inc.
                           1345 Enterprise Drive
                           West Chester, PA 19380
                           Fax: 610-431-7189

            if to Anam:

                           Kwang Jo An
                           DaeGeun Yoon
                           Anam Semiconductor, Inc.
                           891-10 Daechi-dong, Kangnam-gu
                           Seoul 133-523, Korea
                           Fax: 011 82 2 3484-2818

                           KiSuk (Richard) Chang
                           Anam Semiconductor, Inc.
                           891-10 Daechi-dong, Kangnam-gu
                           Seoul 133-523, Korea
                           Fax: 011 82 2 3484-2851

      7.    No Publicity. No party, without the prior written consent of the
            other, shall either issue or cause the issuance of a press release
            or public announcement or disclose to any third party the contents
            of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

      8.    Severability. In the event that any of the provisions of this
            Agreement, or portions thereof, or documents referenced herein are
            held to be unenforceable or invalid by any court of competent
            jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remaining
            provisions, or portions thereof, shall not be affected thereby.

      9.    Further Actions. The parties agree to execute and deliver to each
            other all additional instruments, to provide all information, and to
            do all further acts and things as may be reasonably necessary or as
            may be reasonably requested by any party hereto, to accomplish the
            purposes contemplated hereby; provided that compliance with this
            section does not cause undue or unreasonable burden or expense to
            the complying party.

      10.   Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and
            enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas, U.S.A.,
            as applicable to contracts made and fully performed in Texas. The
            parties hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts
            of the state of Texas and the Federal courts of the U.S.A. located
            in the state of Texas.

      11.   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
            counterparts, in English, each of which shall be enforceable by or
            against the parties executing such counterparts, and all of which
            together shall constitute one instrument.

                                        3
<PAGE>
      12.   No Other Changes. Except as modified hereby, the MPA, and the TAA
            shall remain in full force and effect.

      13.   Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the parties' entire,
            integrated agreement relating to the subject matter hereof, and
            supersedes all prior oral and written understanding and agreements
            relating thereto, and may not be modified, discharged or terminated
            except by the written consent of the parties.

      14.   No Conflicts. Anam and Amkor hereby represent and warrant that the
            execution and performance of this Agreement is not in conflict with,
            does not constitute a default under or violate (i) any terms,
            conditions or provisions of any of their respective organization or
            governance documents, (ii) any of the terms, conditions or
            provisions of any document, agreement or other instrument to which
            it is a party or by which it is bound, (iii) any applicable law or
            regulation, or (iv) any applicable judgment, writ, injunction,
            decree order or ruling of any court or governmental authority. TI
            hereby represents and warrants that the execution and performance of
            this Agreement is not in conflict with, does not constitute a
            default under or violate (i) any terms, conditions or provisions of
            any of the organization or governance documents of TI, (ii) any of
            the terms, conditions or provisions of any document, agreement or
            other instrument to which TI is a party or by which it is bound,
            (iii) any law or regulation binding upon TI, or (iv) any judgment,
            writ, injunction, decree order or ruling of any court or
            governmental authority binding on TI.

      WHEREBY, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
duly authorized representatives effective as of the date first set forth above.


AMKOR TECHNOLOGY, INC.

/s/ Eric R. Larson
--------------------------------------
By:      Eric R. Larson
Title:   Executive Vice President
         Corporate Development


TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED

/s/ Kevin Ritchie
--------------------------------------
By:      Kevin Ritchie
Title:   Senior Vice President
         Worldwide MAKE Operations Manager


                                       4
<PAGE>
ANAM SEMICONCUCTOR, INC.

/s/ Kwang Jo An
--------------------------------------
By:      Kwang Jo An
Title:   Executive Vice President


                                       5
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

        Second Amended and Restated Manufacturing and Purchase Agreement
                             Dated December 31, 2001

                                 (see attached)

























                                       6
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT B

                     Phase 3 Technical Assistance Agreement
                               Dated July 1, 2000

                                 (see attached)




















                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
