<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2105224zex-2_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>




                                                                  EXHIBIT 2.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


           FOG CUTTER CAPITAL GROUP INC. ANNOUNCES STROUDS ACQUISITION


         PORTLAND, Oregon.-- March 6, 2003 -- Fog Cutter Capital Group Inc.
(Nasdaq: FCCG) has announced the acquisition of a controlling, 49.5% interest in
Strouds, a 50 store, specialty linen retailer with annual sales of approximately
$150 million. The acquisition was made as part of Fog Cutter's merchant banking
activity, which assists in the restructuring of businesses in order to resolve
their financial issues. The Strouds transaction, which includes additional
investment and involvement by Strouds chairman, Walter W. Cruttenden III, will
result in a two-stage infusion of working capital and the reinstatement of a $35
million inventory line-of-credit with Fleet Retail Finance Inc. The investment
was made through a combination of secured debt, stock warrants and preferred
stock. Fog Cutter will control a majority of the Board of Directors. Additional
details relating to the transaction were not disclosed.

         "We are pleased to have Fog Cutter join us in our efforts to make
Strouds the premier linen retailer for our customers," commented chairman of the
board, Walter W. Cruttenden III. "We believe that this transaction puts us on
solid footing to build our market share and enhance our operations."

         Strouds is a specialty retailer of bed, bath, tabletop and other home
textile products, offering an extensive selection of high quality, brand name
linens for the home. In 1979, Bill and Joyce Stroud opened their first store in
Pasadena, California. The company has grown into a chain of 50 full-line stores
and outlets primarily in California, with locations in Nevada, Minnesota and
Arizona. Strouds employs over 1,000 full-time and part-time employees and
operates in two primary lines of business; upper-scale retail stores and
discounted outlet centers. Catalog and internet sales are also offered by the
retailer. Strouds operates a 180,000 square foot distribution center and
headquarters in the City of Industry, California.

         The breadth and depth of linen category merchandise at Strouds exceeds
that which is generally available in department stores and most other specialty
stores. Strouds offers a wide assortment of brands, sizes, styles, colors,
patterns, and prices designed to attract a broad range of customers.
Additionally, all Strouds employees are trained to be "Linen Experts" to assist
customers in making informed merchandise and decorating decisions. Strouds
outlet stores are an important part of the company, providing a cost-effective
means of selling discontinued merchandise, promotional remainders, and special
purchases.

         "Due to the troubled U.S economy, we believe that the timing of this
investment is strategic in the retail sector," stated Andrew Wiederhorn,
chairman and chief executive officer of Fog Cutter Capital Group Inc. "It is
very similar to other strategic positions that we have taken in the retail real
estate market."

         In the fourth quarter of 2002, Fog Cutter acquired the leasehold
interests in 109 freestanding retail stores located throughout the United
States. The buildings are sub-let to a

<PAGE>

broad tenant mix including convenience stores, shoe stores, video rental
outlets, car part dealers, carpet retailers and other small businesses.

         In December of 2000 Fog Cutter led an investor group, including a
wholly owned subsidiary of Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. in the acquisition of Bourne
End Properties Plc., a leading owner of retail property centers in the United
Kingdom.

         Wiederhorn added, "This new capital investment in Strouds positions the
linen retailer to solidly weather the current turbulence in the retail sector
and emerge on strong and stable footing."

         Fog Cutter Capital Group Inc. focuses on investing, structuring and
managing a wide range of financial assets, including the acquisition of debt or
equity positions in companies requiring assistance in restructuring their
operations; investments in mortgage-backed securities; provision of corporate
mezzanine financing and other similar investments. The Company invests where its
expertise in intensive asset management, credit analysis and financial
structuring can create value and provide an appropriate risk-adjusted rate of
return. The Company maintains a flexible approach with respect to the nature of
its investments, seeking to take advantage of opportunities as they arise or are
developed.


         FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

         The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe
harbor" for forward-looking statements so long as those statements are
identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary
statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those projected in such statements. All of the statements
contained in this release, which are not identified as historical, should be
considered forward-looking. In connection with certain forward-looking
statements contained in this release and those that may be made in the future by
or on behalf of the company which are identified as forward-looking, the company
notes that there are various factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those set forth in any such forward-looking statements. Such
factors include but are not limited to, the real estate market, the specialty
retail market , the availability of financing, interest rates, and European
markets. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained in this release will be realized or that actual results
will not be significantly higher or lower. The forward-looking statements have
not been audited by, examined by, or subjected to agreed-upon procedures by
independent accountants, and no third party has independently verified or
reviewed such statements. Readers of this release should consider these facts in
evaluating the information contained herein. The inclusion of the
forward-looking statements contained in this release should not be regarded as a
representation by the company or any other person that the forward-looking
statements contained in this release will be achieved. In light of the
foregoing, readers of this release are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
the forward-looking statements contained herein.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
