<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>h03960exv2w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT & PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 2.1

                           PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


         This Agreement (this "Agreement") dated as of the 26th day of February,
2003 is by and among Encompass Electrical Technologies - Rocky Mountains, Inc.,
a Colorado corporation (the "Seller"), Encompass Services Corporation, a Texas
corporation, ("Encompass"), and IES ENC, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the
"Buyer").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Seller is engaged in the electrical construction and
services business (the "Business"); and

         WHEREAS, the Seller desires to sell all of the Seller's Assets (as
hereinafter defined), and the Buyer desires to purchase such Assets pursuant to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and pursuant to an order of the
Bankruptcy Court (as hereinafter defined) approving such sale under Section 363
of Chapter 11, Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy
Code"); et seq., (the "Sale Order"), such Sale Order to include the assumption
and assignment of certain executory contracts as provided herein pursuant to
Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, covenants and other
consideration described herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows, intending to be
legally bound:

                                   ARTICLE 1.
                      TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND PURCHASE PRICE

1.1      Assets. Pursuant to the Sale Order of the Bankruptcy Court approving
         the same and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
         Seller agrees to sell, convey, transfer and deliver to the Buyer at the
         Closing (as hereinafter defined) all right, title and interest of the
         Seller in and to the following assets (collectively, the "Assets"),
         free from all claims, defaults, liens, taxes, debts and encumbrances of
         any kind, except the Assumed Liabilities (as hereinafter defined):

         (a) The equipment listed on Schedule 1.1 (a) ("Equipment");

         (b) All Assigned Contracts (as hereinafter defined);

         (c) All accounts receivable owed to the Seller as of the Closing (the
             "Accounts Receivable");

         (d) The spare parts and any other inventory of the Business existing as
             of the Closing and located in the State of Colorado (the
             "Inventory");

         (e) The intellectual property set forth in Schedule 1.1(e)(i), and the
             following names, "Riviera Electric Construction Co.," "Riviera
             Electric, Inc.," "Aspen Electric

<PAGE>

             Co.," and "Zwart, Inc. d/b/a Mountain View Electric," but Encompass
             shall retain all rights to any intellectual property owned by or
             licensed to Encompass or any of its affiliates other than the
             Seller as provided in Sections 1.8 and 1.9 hereto (including any
             rights to personal computer or mainframe software) (the
             "Intellectual Property");

         (f) All customer deposits, contract/lease deposits, and escrow accounts
             associated with the Business reflected on the balance sheet of the
             Seller as of the Closing;

         (g) All prepaid items, expenses and accruals of the Business reflected
             on the balance sheet of the Seller as of the Closing;

         (h) All books, records, manuals and other materials of the Seller or
             the Business, including, without limitation, all sales, customer
             records, lists, personnel and payroll records, accounting records,
             purchase records, price lists, correspondence, quality control
             records and all research and development files, wherever located
             other than the Seller's corporate minute book, stock ownership
             records, bank account records, including all of the Seller's stock
             of checks and checkbooks and tax returns) (the "Records");

         (i) All licenses, permits, certificates, interim permits, permit
             applications, franchises, rights, and other authorizations issued
             to the Seller by any governmental authority and applicable to the
             Business; and

         (j) All goodwill and going concern value of the Business.

1.2      Consideration. The consideration to be paid by the Buyer to the Seller
         for the Assets shall be:

         (a) (i) THREE MILLION EIGHT-HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
             ($3,850,000) (the "Cash Consideration"), plus (ii) any amount owed
             by the Buyer to the Seller pursuant to Section 1.7 of this
             Agreement, if any, minus (iii) any amount owed by the Seller to the
             Buyer pursuant to Section 1.7 of this Agreement, if any, plus (iv)
             the amount of necessary costs (the "Cure Costs") that Seller pays
             to cure all defaults under the Assigned Contracts to compensate
             non-debtor parties under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code in
             connection with and prior to the assumption and assignment of the
             Assigned Contracts under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code as
             specifically set forth in the Sale Order; and

         (b) the Buyer's assumption of the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to
             Section 1.5 of this Agreement.

1.3      Delivery of Cash Consideration. The Cash Consideration shall be paid by
         the Buyer to the Seller on the Closing Date in immediately available
         funds by wire transfer or certified or cashier's check, as specified by
         the Seller in written instructions delivered to the Buyer prior to the
         Closing Date.


                                      -2-

<PAGE>

1.4      Assignment of Contracts, Leases and Other Assets.

         (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the
             Closing, the Seller shall assign and transfer to the Buyer all of
             the Seller's right, title and interest in and to, and the Buyer
             shall assume all the rights of the Seller, and, except as provided
             hereunder, all of the obligations of the Seller for performance
             from and after the Closing, under the following contracts (the
             "Assigned Contracts"):

              (i) Customer Contracts. All contracts for customers that remain
                  incomplete as of the Closing and all orders for customers not
                  begun as of the Closing, including, without limitation, those
                  contracts listed on Schedule 1.4(a)(i) ("Customer Contracts");

             (ii) Real Property Leases. All leases of real property in
                  connection with the Seller Business;

            (iii) Personal Property Leases. All leases of equipment, vehicles
                  and other personal property in connection with the Seller
                  Business, including, but not limited to those leases listed on
                  Schedule 1.4(a)(iii);

             (iv) Purchase Orders. All purchase orders for Inventory and for
                  materials and all other contracts and agreements entered into
                  for the operation of the Business prior to or on the Closing,
                  including, without limitation, those Purchase Orders listed on
                  Schedule 1.4(a)(iv); and

              (v) Other Contracts. All other agreements not otherwise described
                  in this section related to the operation of the Business to
                  which the Seller is a party.

         (b)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Assigned Contracts"
                  shall not include the following leases: a lease from CZK, LLC
                  for office space in Boulder, CO; a lease from Stadium
                  Management Co., LLC for a stadium suite at Invesco Field; a
                  lease from Inter-Tel for a phone system in Boulder, CO; a
                  lease from Steelcase Financial Services for furniture in
                  Boulder, CO; a lease from Inter-Tel for a phone system in
                  Steamboat, CO; and a uniform service lease in Boulder.

1.5      Assumption of Liabilities. As partial consideration for the Purchased
         Assets, the Buyer shall assume, perform and discharge, by Bankruptcy
         Court order, pursuant to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, from and
         after the Closing, the following obligations of the Seller (the
         "Assumed Liabilities"):

         (a) All liabilities of the Seller under the Assigned Contracts;

         (b) All of Seller's obligations under any warranty work owed or pending
             pursuant to any agreement to which Seller is a party;

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

         (c) All of Seller's liabilities for any sales or other commissions owed
             by Seller to any third party, employee or other person (i) pursuant
             to any Customer Contract to which Seller is a party, and (ii) which
             accrue and are owing as a result of Buyer's performing under any
             Assigned Contract commencing after the Closing;

         (d) All accounts payable, accrued bonuses, accrued sales, use and
             property taxes, and other accrued expenses of Seller existing on
             the Closing Date arising from the Business;

         (e) All of Sellers obligations pursuant to Article 7 hereunder; and

         (f) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any liabilities
             and obligations set forth in Schedule 1.5(f) hereto.

1.6      Liabilities other than the Assumed Liabilities. Except for the Assumed
         Liabilities, the Buyer shall assume no other debts, liabilities, or
         obligations of the Seller, Encompass, or any of their affiliates
         whatsoever. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement,
         Buyer will not assume and the defined term "Assumed Liabilities" will
         not include any contingent liabilities (as defined by GAAP) of the
         Seller, any liabilities rejected by Seller and/or Encompass in
         bankruptcy, or any federal, state or local income tax liability of the
         Seller.

1.7      Cash Reconciliation. Within 30 days following the Closing Date, the
         Seller shall prepare and deliver to the Buyer a schedule setting forth,
         for the period commencing on November 30, 2002, and ending as of the
         Closing, the cash disbursements funded by the Seller, Encompass or any
         of their affiliates for the benefit of the Seller, to include those
         made in the ordinary course to trade vendors and those made in the
         ordinary course for Seller employee benefit plans (the
         "Disbursements"), and the cash deposits made by the Seller (the
         "Deposits"). Within three business days following the Buyer's receipt
         of such schedule, (i) the Buyer shall remit to the Seller in
         immediately available funds, the amount by which the Disbursements
         exceed the Deposits, if any; or (ii) the Seller shall remit to the
         Buyer, in like manner and within such period, the amount by which
         Deposits exceed the Disbursements, if any. Disbursements shall include,
         but not be limited to, actual cash amounts paid by the Seller or
         Encompass on behalf of the Buyer, including checks issued by the Buyer
         subsequent to November 30, 2002, but before the Closing that have not
         cleared the banks as of the Closing, and Deposits shall include, but
         not be limited to, actual cash amounts received by the Seller or
         Encompass on behalf of the Buyer subsequent to November 30, 2002, but
         before the Closing that have not been reflected in the Seller's
         accounts as of the Closing. In any case, the maximum amount that Buyer
         shall be required to remit to Seller under this 1.7 is limited to
         $2,000,000.

1.8      Excluded Assets. The Assets to be conveyed by the Seller to the Buyer
         hereunder shall not include any asset, tangible or intangible, which is
         not specifically set forth and described in Section 1.1, or any asset
         which is not freely transferable without the consent of a third party,
         upon the failure to obtain such consent. The Assets further do not
         include any Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to Encompass, or
         any of its


                                      -4-

<PAGE>

         affiliates. The Assets further do not include any retained Intellectual
         Property, retained Intellectual Property includes but is not limited to
         items listed in Schedule 1.1(e)(ii).

1.9      Grant of License. For good and valuable consideration, as provided for
         in Section 1.2, the Buyer shall have a non-exclusive, worldwide,
         perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable license to make, have, copy, use,
         modify, internally distribute, prepare derivative works, perform,
         display, disclose the Intellectual Property listed on Schedule
         1.1(e)(ii) for internal use only. Internal use includes use by the
         Buyer and related entities only and is restricted to uses for which no
         consideration is received. Buyer's limited license is non-transferable.
         Buyer agrees to execute additional documents and take such acts as
         necessary to confirm such license.

                                   ARTICLE 2.
                                    CLOSING

2.1      Closing. The transfers and deliveries referred to in Article 1 hereof
         (the "Closing") shall take place at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of
         Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P., on February 28, 2003. The Closing may
         take place by such other means, including facsimile, and at such other
         time and date as the Seller and the Buyer may in writing designate or
         such exchange actually occurs (the "Closing Date"). Notwithstanding
         anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Closing is
         consummated, the effective time of the Closing shall be 12:01 a.m. on
         the Closing Date.

2.2      Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Buyer, the Seller and
         Encompass under this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or
         waiver by the Buyer or the Seller, as applicable, of the following
         conditions precedent on or before the Closing:

         (a) The representations and warranties of the Seller contained herein
             shall be true in all material respects on and as of the Closing;

         (b) The Seller shall, in all material respects, have performed all of
             its obligations and agreements and complied with all of its
             covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed and complied
             with by it on or prior to the Closing;

         (c) The representations and warranties of the Buyer contained herein
             shall be true in all material respects on and as of the Closing;

         (d) The Buyer shall, in all material respects, have performed all of
             its obligations and agreements and complied with all of its
             covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed and complied
             with by it on or prior to the Closing;

         (e) The Seller shall have filed a motion or motions for approval (the
             "Approval Motion") under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code of (i)
             the sale of the Assets and assumption and assignment of the
             Assigned Contracts and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities
             pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the transactions
             hereunder (the "Transaction") and (ii) the form of this Agreement;


                                      -5-

<PAGE>

         (f) Approval and agreement of surety companies to continue all existing
             bonds associated with assigned contracts

         (g) The United States Bankruptcy Court having jurisdiction over the
             Chapter 11 case of the Seller and Encompass filed on November 19,
             2002 (the "Bankruptcy Court") shall have entered the Sale Order
             approving the Approval Motion; and

         (h) No court order by the Bankruptcy Court shall have been entered
             in any action or proceeding instituted by any person that enjoins,
             restrains, or prohibits the consummation of the transactions
             contemplated hereby.

2.3      The Seller's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Seller shall deliver to
         the Buyer the following:

         (a) A Bill of Sale substantially in the form of attached Exhibit
             2.3(a);

         (b) A certificate from a duly elected officer of the Seller certifying
             (i) the resolutions of the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
             the Seller approving and authorizing the execution of this
             Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and the taking
             of any and all actions deemed necessary or advisable to consummate
             the transactions contemplated herein; and (ii) compliance of the
             Seller with Sections 2.2 (a) and 2.2 (b);

         (c) A certificate from a duly elected officer of Encompass certifying
             the resolutions of the Board of Directors of Encompass approving
             and authorizing the execution of this Agreement and the
             transactions contemplated hereby and the taking of any and all
             actions deemed necessary or advisable to consummate the
             transactions contemplated herein; and

         (d) Other instruments of transfer reasonably required by the Buyer to
             evidence the transfer of the Assets to the Buyer, including titles
             to all titled vehicles, if any, and assignments with respect to any
             Intellectual Property registered, recorded or filed with any
             governmental authority, in form suitable for registration,
             recordation or filing with such governmental authority, in each
             case duly executed by the Seller.

2.4      The Buyer's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver to the
         Seller the following:

         (a) The Cash Consideration (as adjusted pursuant to Section 1.2);

         (b) A certificate from a duly elected officer of the Buyer certifying
             (i) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Buyer
             approving and authorizing the execution of this Agreement and the
             transactions contemplated hereby and the taking of any and all
             actions deemed necessary or advisable to consummate the
             transactions contemplated herein; and (ii) compliance of the Buyer
             with Sections 2.2 (c) and 2.2 (d); and

         (c) Certified copies of the formation documents of the Buyer; and


                                      -6-

<PAGE>

         (d) An agreement executed by the Buyer in the form of Exhibit 2.4(d)
             attached hereto.

                                   ARTICLE 3.
              ENCOMPASS AND SELLER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The Seller and Encompass represent and warrant to the Buyer as follows:

3.1      Existence and Qualification. The Seller is a corporation validly
         existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado
         with all the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as
         now being conducted. Encompass is a corporation validly existing and in
         good standing under the laws of the State of Texas with all the
         requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now being
         conducted.

3.2      Authority. The Seller and Encompass each has all requisite power and
         authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective
         obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this
         Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
         corporate and other action on the part of the Seller and Encompass and
         no other proceedings on the part of the Seller or Encompass are
         necessary to authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
         hereby.

3.3      Validity. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this
         Agreement by the Buyer, and assuming Bankruptcy Court approval and
         authorization, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
         obligation of the Seller and Encompass, enforceable in accordance with
         its terms.

3.4      Title. The Seller has good and marketable title to all of the Assets,
         tangible and intangible, free and clear of all liabilities,
         encumbrances, and security interests whatsoever except for those
         arising from or related to the Assumed Liabilities.

3.5      Condition and Sufficiency of Assets. Neither Encompass not the Seller,
         nor any of their respective directors, officers, employers, agents or
         representatives has made, or shall be deemed to have made, and no such
         person shall be liable for, or bound in any manner by, and Buyer has
         not relied upon and will not rely upon, any express or implied
         representations, warranties, guaranties, promises or statements
         pertaining to the Business or the Assets, except as specifically set
         forth in this Article 3. THE SELLER AND ENCOMPASS HEREBY EXPRESSLY
         DISCLAIM AND NEGATE ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, OF ANY KIND
         OR NATURE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE CONDITION, VALUE OR QUALITY OF
         THE ASSETS AND RELATING TO THE OPERATIONS OF THE SELLER, AND
         SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
         OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR CONFORMITY TO
         MODELS OR SAMPLES OR MATERIALS, OR THE ABILITY OF THE SELLER TO ASSIGN
         THE ASSETS, OR OBTAIN CONSENTS TO ANY ASSIGNMENT. ALL OF THE ASSETS ARE
         BEING SOLD "AS IS", "WHERE IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS."


                                      -7-

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 4.
                   THE BUYER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller and Encompass as
         follows:

4.1      Existence and Qualification. The Buyer is a corporation validly
         existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado
         with all the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as
         now being conducted.

4.2      Authority. The Buyer has all requisite power and authority to enter
         into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations
         hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
         has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate and
         other action on the part of the Buyer and no other proceedings on the
         part of the Buyer are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the
         transactions contemplated hereby.

4.3      Validity. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this
         Agreement by the Seller and Encompass, and assuming Bankruptcy Court
         approval and authorization, this Agreement constitutes a valid and
         binding obligation of the Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its
         terms. Upon execution and delivery thereof by Buyer at Closing (and
         assuming due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by Encompass
         and Seller and Bankruptcy Court approval and authorization thereof),
         this Agreement will be the valid and binding obligation of Buyer
         enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms.

4.4      No Conflicts. Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this
         Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions provided for
         herein, will conflict with or result in a breach of the organizational
         documents of the Buyer or any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
         any agreement or instrument to which the Buyer is a party or by which
         it is bound or will result in a violation of any applicable law,
         ordinance, regulation, permit, authorization or decree or order of any
         court or other governmental agency applicable to the Buyer.

4.5      Disclaimer. The Buyer acknowledges that in making the decision to enter
         into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
         hereby, the Buyer has relied solely on the basis of its own independent
         investigation of the Business and the Assets and upon the express
         written representations, warranties and covenants in this Agreement.
         Without diminishing the scope of the express written representations,
         warranties and covenants of the Seller in this Agreement and without
         affecting or impairing its right to rely thereon, the Buyer
         acknowledges that (a) it has not relied, in whole or in part, on any
         information contained in documents, materials or other information
         provided to it by, or on behalf of, Seller or Encompass, and (b)
         neither Seller nor Encompass is making any representations or
         warranties with respect to (i) any such documents, materials or other
         information, other than, in each case, as set forth in this Agreement
         or (ii) the value, condition, merchantability, marketability,
         profitability, suitability or fitness for a particular use or purpose
         of the Assets.


                                      -8-

<PAGE>

4.6      Brokers. Neither the Seller nor any Affiliate of the Seller has or
         shall have any liability or otherwise suffer or incur any Loss as a
         result of or in connection with any brokerage or finder's fee or other
         commission of any Person retained by the Buyer in connection with any
         of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.7      Employees. Effective as of the Closing, the Buyer shall hire or offer
         to hire for a period of not less than ninety-one (91) days thereafter
         all of the Seller's personnel employed in connection with the Business
         (the "Employees") who are employed by the Seller immediately prior to
         the Closing at a job and rate of pay (including commission structure)
         comparable to each such employee's job.

                                   ARTICLE 5.
                                INDEMNIFICATION

5.1      Indemnity by the Seller. The Seller and Encompass, jointly and
         severally, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its
         officers, managers and employees, from and after the Closing, against
         any and all losses damages, liabilities, claims, deficiencies, costs,
         expenses, and expenditures, including, without limitation, reasonable
         attorney's fees and court and investigation costs (collectively, the
         "Indemnity Losses") arising with respect to the following events (the
         "Seller Events"):

         (a) the breach by the Seller or Encompass of any of their
             representations and warranties under this Agreement; or

         (b) the failure by the Seller or Encompass to perform any of their
             covenants under this Agreement.

5.2      Indemnity by the Buyer. The Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
         the Seller and Encompass, its affiliates, and each of their respective
         officers, directors, and employees, from and after the Closing, against
         any and all Indemnity Losses arising with respect to each of the
         following events (the "Buyer Events" and together with the Seller
         Events, the "Indemnity Events"):

         (a) Any sales or use tax liability arising out the transfer of the
             Assets to the Buyer;

         (b) Any liability or obligation of the Seller expressly assumed by the
             Buyer pursuant to this Agreement;

         (c) Any breach by the Buyer of any of its representations and
             warranties under this Agreement; or

         (d) The failure by Buyer to perform any of the covenants to be
             performed by the Buyer under this Agreement.

5.3      Limitations on Indemnities. The obligations of indemnity provided above
         in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 are subject to the following terms, conditions
         and limitations:


                                      -9-

<PAGE>

         (a) The aggregate obligation of indemnity of the Seller pursuant to
             Section 5.1 shall not exceed the Closing Cash Consideration; and

         (b) The obligations of indemnity described in Sections 5.1 and 5.2
             shall survive the Closing Date for one year; provided, however,
             that obligations for indemnity related to each party's respective
             obligations for tax matters shall survive until the applicable
             statute of limitations for such tax obligation expires.

5.4      Notice of Indemnity Claim. A party seeking indemnity hereunder (an
         "Indemnified Party") shall promptly notify the other party (the
         "Indemnifying Party") in accordance with the terms of Section 9.8
         hereunder, of the Indemnity Event in question after the Indemnified
         Party becomes aware of the existence of such Indemnity Event specifying
         with reasonable particularity the basis for such Indemnity Event;
         provided, that the failure so to timely notify shall relieve the
         Indemnifying Party from the obligation to indemnify against the
         liability respecting such Indemnity Event only to the extent the
         Indemnifying Party establishes by competent evidence that it is
         prejudiced thereby. In any case, if any such action giving rise to an
         Indemnity Event shall be brought, and the Indemnified Party shall
         promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of the commencement thereof,
         such Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense
         thereof at its own expense. Whether or not the Indemnified Party
         chooses to participate in the defense or prosecution of any claim,
         action, suit or proceeding with respect to an Indemnity Event, all the
         parties hereto shall cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof.

5.5      Sole Remedy. Except for fraud, the sole remedy of the Seller and
         the Buyer for breach of the representations and warranties set forth
         in Articles 3 and 4 shall be pursuant to this Article 5.

                                   ARTICLE 6.
                                  TAX MATTERS

6.1      Certain Taxes Other Than Federal, State and Local Income Taxes. All
         transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other such
         taxes and fees (including penalties and interest), if any, after giving
         effect to Section 1146(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, incurred in
         connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the Buyer when due, and
         the Buyer shall, at its own expense, file all necessary tax returns and
         other documentation with respect to all such transfer, documentary,
         sales, use, stamp, registration and other such taxes and fees, and, if
         required by applicable law, the Seller shall join in the execution of
         any such tax returns and other documentation. The parties shall
         cooperate with one another in the preparation of all Tax returns,
         questionnaires, applications or other documents regarding any Taxes or
         transfer, recording, registration or other fees which become payable in
         connection with the transactions that are required to be filed on or
         before the Closing.

6.2      Preparation and Filing of Certain Tax Forms. The Buyer shall prepare
         and timely file all Forms W-2, 940, 941 and 1099 with all appropriate
         governmental authorities, including without limitation any summary
         schedules and transmittal forms, as well as any similar filings
         required by any state or local governmental authority, with respect to
         all wages


                                      -10-

<PAGE>

         and other reportable payments for the calendar year 2003. The Buyer
         shall pay all administrative amounts owed as a result of or otherwise
         related to such filings, with the exception of any tax, interest, or
         penalties associated with periods prior to the Closing. The Seller will
         pay, on or before they become due, any employment taxes withheld by it
         which have not been previously paid.

                                   ARTICLE 7.
                                EMPLOYEE MATTERS

7.1      The Buyer shall hire, (subject to each employee's agreement), effective
         as of the Closing Date, all of the employees of the Seller on the day
         immediately prior to the Closing Date (such employees being hereafter
         referred to as the "Transferred Employees") at a comparable job and at
         a rate of pay not less than each such Transferred Employee's pay as of
         December 31, 2002. Upon request of the Buyer, the Seller shall provide
         the Buyer reasonable access to data (including computer data) regarding
         the ages, dates of hire, compensation and job description of the
         Transferred Employees.

         The Buyer shall not assume and not be responsible for any severance
         costs associated with the termination of the Transferred Employees'
         employment with the Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer
         agrees to assume any accrued severance for any employees of the Seller
         terminated prior to the Closing Date; such accrued severance assumed by
         the Buyer shall not exceed $74,000. The Buyer shall discharge all
         liabilities and claims based on occurrences or conditions first
         occurring or commencing on or after the Closing Date with respect to
         Transferred Employees arising out of their employment with the Buyer
         after the Closing Date, including, but not limited to, any claims
         arising out of any employee benefit plan maintained by the Buyer,
         except Buyer shall not assume any liabilities with respect to the WARN
         Act or COBRA benefits for any terminations occurring prior to the
         Closing Date even if the medical plan in place by Seller ceases to
         exist.

         At Closing, the Buyer shall make available or establish a group major
         medical plan for the Transferred Employees and their dependents. The
         Buyer shall credit the Transferred Employees with all service
         recognized by the Seller under the Plans as service with the Buyer for
         purposes of eligibility to participate, vesting and levels of benefits
         available, under all employee benefit plans, programs and policies of
         the Buyer, whether now existing or hereafter adopted (the "Buyer
         Plans"). The Buyer shall waive any coverage waiting period,
         pre-existing condition and actively-at-work requirements under the
         Buyer Plans and shall provide that any expenses incurred before the
         Closing Date by a Transferred Employee (and his or her dependents)
         during the calendar year of the Closing shall be taken into account for
         purposes of satisfying the applicable deductible, coinsurance and
         maximum out-of-pocket provisions, and applicable annual and/or lifetime
         maximum benefit limitations of the Buyer Plans. The Buyer Plans shall
         not require contributions by Transferred Employees at a rate that
         exceeds the rate in effect for other individuals in like positions
         employed by the Buyer.

7.2      The Buyer shall be responsible for the payment of all amounts of wages,
         bonuses and other remuneration (including discretionary benefits and
         bonuses) payable to the


                                      -11-

<PAGE>

         Transferred Employees of the Seller accrued with respect to periods on
         or prior to the Closing, (except for any employment taxes actually
         withheld by the Seller), together with any worker's compensation claims
         or amounts payable to such employees in connection with events
         occurring on or prior to the Closing. In addition, the Buyer shall be
         responsible for:

         (a) all vacation pay and pay for other compensated absences earned or
             accrued by the Transferred Employees as of the close of business on
             the Closing Date to the appropriate employee, including any related
             payroll burden (FICA and other pension or other employee benefit
             plan contributions and employment taxes) with respect thereto to
             the appropriate Governmental Authority or other person, to the
             extent such pay has been accrued on the books of The Seller at such
             close of business, based upon the remuneration of such employees
             normally used in computing such pay for other compensated absences;
             and

         (b) amounts accrued for the Transferred Employees as of the Closing
             Date with respect to the Encompass 401(k) plan, including without
             limitation the accrued match, accrued payroll deductions and 401(k)
             loan repayments; and

         (c) the amount of accrued profit sharing contribution, if any, owing to
             the Transferred Employees pursuant to the Encompass 401(k) Plan.

7.3      The Seller, Encompass and the Buyer agree that, as soon as practicable
         after Closing, the account balances in the Encompass 401(k) Plan of the
         Transferred Employees shall be transferred to a profit sharing plan
         established or maintained by the Buyer (the "Buyer's 401(k) Plan") in
         accordance with Section 414(l) of the Code, as amended, and the
         regulations promulgated thereunder. In connection with such transfer,
         the following provisions shall apply:

         (a) To the extent allowable under applicable law, the Transferred
             Employees shall be fully vested in their account balances under the
             Encompass 401(k) Plan, regardless of their years of vesting service
             credit as of their termination of employment with all affiliated
             employers under the Encompass 401(k) Plan.

         (b) The account balances of the Transferred Employees transferred to
             the Buyer's 401(k) Plan shall be subject to the provisions of the
             Buyer's 401(k) Plan effective as of the date of transfer; provided,
             however that the Buyer's 401(k) Plan shall continue any benefits
             under the Encompass 401(k) Plan as required under Section 411(d)(6)
             of the Code.

         (c) The outstanding loan of any Transferred Participant shall not be in
             default as a result of the Transferred Employee's termination of
             employment with Encompass or the Seller, but such loan shall be
             transferred to the Buyer's 401(k) Plan in accordance with (b)
             above.

             The Buyer shall provide acceptable evidence to Encompass that the
             Buyer's 401(k) Plan meets the requirements of Section 401(a) of the
             Code prior to the date of such transfer. The Buyer, Encompass and
             the Seller agree to take whatever


                                      -12-

<PAGE>

             action, including but not limited to plan amendments and
             resolutions, to effectuate the transfer of such participants'
             account balances according to this section.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Article 7 shall be
         deemed or construed to give rise to any rights, claims, benefits, or
         causes of action to any Transferred Employee or third party whatsoever
         (including any governmental entity).

                                   ARTICLE 8.
                                  TERMINATION

8.1      Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
         Closing Date:

         (a) By mutual written consent of the Buyer and the Seller;

         (b) By either the Buyer or the Seller:

             (i) if the Bankruptcy Court denies the Approval Motion, materially
                 revises the terms of the proposed Sale Order, or orders the
                 sale of the Assets to a third party; or

            (ii) if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before the date
                 provided for in Section 2.1 including any extensions under that
                 Section, by reason of the failure of any condition precedent,
                 or unless the failure to consummate the transactions is the
                 result of a material breach of this Agreement by the party
                 seeking to terminate this Agreement;

         (c) by the Buyer if the Seller breaches any of its representations and
             warranties in any material respect herein or fails to perform in
             any material respect any of its covenants, agreements, or
             obligations under this Agreement; or

         (d) by the Seller if the Buyer breaches any of its representations or
             warranties in any material respect herein or fails to perform in
             any material respect any of its covenants, agreements, or
             obligations under this Agreement.

8.2      Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by
         either the Seller or the Buyer as provided in Section 8.1, this
         Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
         liability or obligation on the part of the Seller or the Buyer, except
         (i) to the extent that such termination results from the breach by a
         party of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
         agreements set forth in this Agreement as contemplated by Sections 8.1
         (c) and 8.1 (d), or (ii) to the extent that such termination results
         from Buyer's failure to close at the Closing, without breach of the
         Seller, once the Bankruptcy Court has approved the Transaction and this
         Agreement pursuant to the Sale Order.


                                      -13-

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 9.
                                    GENERAL

9.1      The Seller Name and Logos. As soon as practicable (but in any event
         within 90 days) after the Closing Date, the Buyer, at its expense,
         shall remove all Encompass names and logos from all of the Assets.
         Except as set forth in Article 1, nothing in this Agreement shall
         constitute a license or authorization for the Buyer to use in any
         manner any name, logo or mark owned by or licensed to the Seller and
         its affiliates.

9.2      Access to Records and Properties; Assistance.

         (a) For a period of seven years following the Closing, the parties
             hereto shall afford each other reasonable access to the Records of
             the Seller and the Business as well as the properties related to
             the Seller and the Business to (i) complete any financial
             statements or audits thereof or tax returns, (ii) defend any tax
             disputes or claims or respond to any requests in connection with
             any tax audits, (iii) comply with any legal request or order, (iv)
             defend any disputes, claims, prosecution or litigation including
             any enforcement of rights against third parties in the Bankruptcy
             Court, or (v) for any other reasonable purpose.

         (b) Commencing the month of the Closing, and for as long as any work
             for which Encompass has posted a bond remains to be completed under
             the Assigned Contracts, Buyer shall provide Seller and Encompass a
             monthly report in terms reasonably acceptable to Seller and
             Encompass summarizing Buyer's current contract status and cost to
             complete with respect to any such bonded work under an Assumed
             Contract for which Encompass is an indemnitor.

9.3      Public Announcements. Neither Buyer, Seller nor Encompass will make any
         public disclosure of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
         hereby without prior consultation with the other party hereto, except
         for such disclosure as may be required by applicable laws (to be deemed
         to include without limitation the Bankruptcy Code) or by obligations
         pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities exchange
         to which either may be a party.

9.4      Assignment. This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder may
         not be assigned (except by operation of law) and shall be binding upon
         and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and the successors
         to the parties hereto, provided, however, that Encompass, Seller and
         Buyer may assign their respective rights hereunder to any of their
         respective direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or subsidiaries.
         Signatures on this Agreement delivered by fax or telecopier shall be
         considered original signatures for purposes of effectiveness of this
         Agreement

9.5      Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or
         more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of
         which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

9.6      Fees and Expenses. Whether or not the transactions herein contemplated
         shall be consummated, (i) the Seller and Encompass will pay the fees,
         expenses and


                                      -14-

<PAGE>

         disbursements of the Seller, Encompass, and their agents,
         representatives, accountants and counsel incurred in connection with
         the subject matter of this Agreement and any amendments thereto, and
         (ii) the Buyer will pay the fees, expenses and disbursements of the
         Buyer and its agents, representatives, accountants and counsel incurred
         in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and any
         amendments hereto.

9.7      Notices. Any notice or communication required or permitted hereunder
         shall be sufficiently given if sent by first class mail, postage
         prepaid:

         (a) If to the Seller or Encompass, addressed to it at:

                         Encompass Services Corporation
                         3 Greenway Plaza, Suite 2000
                         Houston, TX  77046
                         Attention:  Corporate Secretary

         (b) With a copy to its counsel at:

                         Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
                         711 Louisiana St., Suite 2900
                         Houston, TX 77002
                         Attention:  Geoffrey A. Long

         (c) If to the Buyer, addressed to it at:

                         IES ENC, Inc.
                         1800 West Loop South, Suite 500
                         Houston, TX 77027
                         Attention: Curt L. Warnock

         (d) With a copy to its counsel at:

                         Porter & Hedges, LLP
                         700 Louisiana St., Suite 3500
                         Houston, TX 77002-2794
                         Attention:  John Higgins

9.8      Opportunity to Investigate. All of the parties have had an opportunity
         to investigate and evaluate the Assets being purchased, have relied on
         independent professional advice and, therefore, agree that the price to
         be paid by the Buyer for the Assets is reasonably equivalent value for
         the Assets.

9.9      Governing Law and Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT (AND ALL DOCUMENTS,
         INSTRUMENTS, AND AGREEMENTS EXECUTED AND DELIVERED PURSUANT TO THE
         TERMS AND PROVISIONS HEREOF (THE "ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS") SHALL BE
         GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
         BANKRUPTCY CODE AND TO THE EXTENT NOT INCONSISTENT WITH THE BANKRUPTCY
         CODE, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF


                                      -15-

<PAGE>

         THE STATE OF COLORADO WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF
         CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. THE BUYER AND THE SELLER FURTHER AGREE THAT
         THE BANKRUPTCY COURT SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ALL
         DISPUTES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO (A) THE INTERPRETATION AND
         ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ANCILLARY DOCUMENT AND (B) THE
         ACQUIRED ASSETS AND THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES. BUYER CONSENTS TO AND
         EXPRESSLY CONSENTS TO AND AGREES NOT TO CONTEST SUCH EXCLUSIVE
         JURISDICTION; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IF THE BANKRUPTCY COURT REFUSES
         TO ACCEPT JURISDICTION OVER ANY SUCH DISPUTE, THEN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL
         COURT LOCATED IN THE STATE OF COLORADO SHALL HAVE JURISDICTION OVER
         SUCH DISPUTE AND BUYER AND THE SELLER HEREBY CONSENT TO THE
         JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT IN ANY SUCH CASE.

9.10     Conflicts. In case any provision in this Agreement shall conflict with
         any part of the Sale Order, the terms of the Sale Order shall control
         and shall be given precedence by the parties hereto over any such
         conflicting term in this Agreement.

9.11     Captions. The captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and
         shall not be considered a part hereof or affect the construction or
         interpretation of any provisions of this Agreement.

9.12     Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents delivered pursuant
         hereto constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the
         Seller and the Buyer and supersede any prior agreement and
         understanding relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This
         Agreement may be modified or amended only by a written instrument
         executed by the Seller and the Buyer acting through their duly elected
         officers.



                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                      -16-

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.


                                        THE SELLER:


                                        ENCOMPASS ELECTRICAL
                                        TECHNOLOGIES - ROCKY
                                        MOUNTAINS, INC.

                                        -----------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:

                                        ENCOMPASS:

                                        ENCOMPASS SERVICES CORPORATION


                                        -----------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:


                                        THE BUYER:

                                        IES ENC, INC.


                                        -----------------------------------
                                        Name:  William W. Reynolds
                                        Title: Chief Financial Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
