<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex108.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DYNAMIC DETAILS, INC. KEY EMPLOYEE RETENTION PROGRAM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.8

              DYNAMIC DETAILS, INC. KEY EMPLOYEE RETENTION PROGRAM

1.    Purpose and Effective Date.  This Program,  effective as of December 19,
2002 (the "Effective Date") shall be known as the Dynamic Details, Incorporated
Key Employee Retention Program (the "KERP"). It is a discretionary retention
bonus program for the benefit of a select group of employees (the "Key
Employees") who are selected for participation as provided herein. Those Key
Employees selected for participation and notified of their participation as of
the Effective Date are identified in Schedule 1 hereto as the same may be
modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the KERP. The
KERP is intended to qualify as a compensation or bonus plan that is exempt from
the application of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, by reason of Section 3 of such Act.

2.    Eligibility and Participation. Eligibility and participation shall be at
the sole discretion of DDI. In order to become a Participant eligible to receive
benefits, an employee must be a Key Employee and must be selected for
participation, both of which determinations are within the sole discretion of
DDI's Board of Directors. DDI will notify those employees it determines to be
eligible for participation in the KERP in writing of their participation. The
Board of Directors has determined the employees listed on Schedule 1 hereto to
be Key Employees, who are divided into four (4) Tiers, based on their positions
within the DDI organization, as follows:

      .    Tier I:   President & Chief Executive Officer (1 person)

      .    Tier II:  Vice Presidents and other Key Officers (9 persons)

      .    Tier III: Key Managers and Professionals (9 persons)

      .    Tier IV:  Key Managers and Professionals (76 persons)

3.    Stay Bonus. The KERP is designed to encourage Participants to remain with
the Company or a Successor Employer and perform in a satisfactory manner during
a prescribed stay period which begins upon the Effective Date and ends on
January 1, 2004 (the "Stay Bonus Period"). The Maximum Stay Bonus payable to
Participants who remain for the entire Stay Bonus Period is a specified
percentage of Base Salary (as defined in paragraph 3.b. below), dependent on the
Key Employee Tier to which the employee is assigned, as set forth in Table 3(a).
The Stay Bonus is earned and payable in three Installments, each contingent on
satisfactory service through each of three specified Service Dates and
satisfaction of all terms and conditions specified herein. The Service Dates and
percentage of the Maximum Stay Bonus payable on each Service Date is set forth
in Paragraph and Table 3(b).

           a.     Maximum Stay Bonus. The Maximum Stay Bonus for each Tier is
the specified percentage of base salary set forth in Table 3(a) below:

                     --------------------------------------------
                     Tier               Percentage of Base Salary
                     --------------------------------------------
                     Tier I             100%
                     --------------------------------------------
                     Tier II             60%
                     --------------------------------------------
                     Tier III            40%
                     --------------------------------------------
                     Tier IV             30%
                     --------------------------------------------

                                        1

<PAGE>

      b.   Installments and Service Dates. If the Participant remains employed
at DDI for the entire Stay Bonus Period and continues to satisfy all of the
conditions for participation, such Participant shall receive the Maximum Stay
Bonus in three installments (collectively, "Installments", individually, the
"First Installment," "Second Installment" and "Third Installment,"
respectively), each of which shall be equal to (i) the product of the
Participant's Base Salary (which, for purposes of this plan shall mean (x) in
the case of Participants in Tiers I and II, the then current annual base salary
in effect as of each of the Service Dates and (y) in the case of Participants in
Tiers III and IV, the sum of the then current annual base salary in effect as of
each of the Service Dates plus sales commissions received by the Participant
during calendar year 2002 for such employee) multiplied by the applicable
Percentage of Base Salary set forth in Table 3.a, multiplied by (ii) the
applicable Installment Percentage set forth in Table 3.b. Each installment is
not accrued until the Participant has performed in a satisfactory manner through
the applicable Service Date and has satisfied all of the terms and conditions of
eligibility as to each of the three Service Dates as set forth in Table 4.b (the
"First Service Date," "Second Service Date," and "Third Service Date",
respectively), as follows in Table 3(b):

                                  Table 3(b)
           --------------------------------------------------------------
           Tier      First Service Date     Second          Third Service
                     --December 31,         Service         Date--
                     2002                   Date--          January 1,
                                            July 1, 2003    2004
           --------------------------------------------------------------
           Tier I    50%                    25%             25%
           --------------------------------------------------------------
           Tier II   33%                    33%             34%
           --------------------------------------------------------------
           Tier III  33%                    33%             34%
           --------------------------------------------------------------
           Tier IV   33%                    33%             34%
           --------------------------------------------------------------

      c.   Form and Time of Payment. Each Installment payable to a Participant
shall be paid in a lump sum and shall be subject to payroll taxes and other
withholdings according to DDI's standard payroll practices.

      d.   Satisfactory Performance Required. Notwithstanding any provisions of
the KERP to the contrary, DDI retains the right to reduce, eliminate or
otherwise modify the Stay Bonus for any Participant if at any time during the
Stay Bonus Period, DDI, in its sole judgment, determines that such Participant's
performance is substandard, provided (i) DDI gives the Participant written
notice of that determination and a reasonable period of time within which to
improve his or her performance, and (ii) the Participant fails to improve his or
her performance to DDI's satisfaction within that time.

      e.   Discretionary Payments. The Company reserves the right to award Stay
Bonuses, as necessary, to employees who are not participants in the KERP in
order to retain their services and avoid the disruption and cost of attrition
among employees with critical knowledge and/or skills. These retention costs
will, in the aggregate, not exceed the greater of (i) $250,000; or (ii) such
amount as the Board of Directors of the Company may authorize. Such
discretionary payments shall be made only to those who are selected by the Chief
Executive Officer in his

                                        2

<PAGE>

sole discretion, and such employees may be placed on a payment schedule other
than that set forth in section 4.b above in the Chief Executive Officer's sole
discretion.

      f.   Corporate Transactions and Change of Control. The obligations of the
KERP shall be binding on a Successor Employer, which means any employer that
acquires, through a stock purchase or merger, or through an asset purchase, or
otherwise, part or all of the Company or an employer following a Change of
Control. A "Change of Control" means (A) the acquisition of 50 percent or more
of each class of the outstanding shares of the Company by a third party which is
not a member of a Controlled Group (within the meaning of the Internal Revenue
Code) including the Company, (B) a merger, consolidation or other reorganization
of the Company (other than reincorporation), if after giving effect to such
merger, consolidation, or other reorganization, the shareholders of the Company
immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, or other reorganization do not
represent a majority in interest of the holders of voting securities (on a fully
diluted basis) with the ordinary power to elect directors of the surviving
entity after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization, or (C) the sale
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a third party who is
not a member of a Controlled Group (within the meaning of the Internal Revenue
Code) including the Company.

4.    TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION

      a.   Events. A Participant's participation in the KERP shall automatically
terminate, without notice to or consent by such Participant, upon the first to
occur of the following events with respect to such Participant:

                  1)    Involuntary termination of employment,

                  2)    Voluntary Resignation

                  3)    Death, or

                  4)    Disability.

      b.   Effect of Termination For Cause or Resignation without Good Reason.
In the event a Participant's employment is terminated by DDI for Cause or a
Participant voluntarily terminates employment with DDI other than for Good
Reason, the Participant shall forfeit his or her entire right to the full amount
of any and all Installments that would otherwise have been earned and payable
after the date thereof.

      c.   Effect of Other Events; Pro Rata Payments. Pro rata payments will be
made only in the following circumstances and calculated in the manner specified
herein:

           1)     Termination by DDI for reasons other than Cause, Termination
because of Death or Disability, or Resignation For Good Reason.

      In the event a Participant's employment is terminated by DDI prior to the
Third Service Date, for any reason other than Cause, if employment is terminated
by death or Disability, or in

                                        3

<PAGE>

the event that a Participant resigns for Good Reason, the Participant shall be
entitled to receive a pro-rata amount of the portion of the Stay Bonus be
calculated as either: (i) in the event such termination or resignation occurs
after the Effective Date but before the First Service Date, the product of the
amount of the First Installment, as calculated in section 3 above, multiplied by
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days from the
Effective Date through and including the date of such termination or resignation
and the denominator of which shall be the number of days from the Effective Date
through and including the First Service Date; or ((ii) in the event that such
termination or resignation occurs after the First Service Date, the product of
the amount of the next scheduled Installment immediately following such
termination or resignation date as calculated in section 3 above, multiplied by
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days from the Service
Date immediately preceding such termination or resignation date through and
including such termination or resignation date, and the denominator of which
shall be the number of days from the Service Date immediately preceding such
termination or resignation date through and including the date of the next
scheduled Service Date.

      In addition, DDI, in consultation with (and upon approval by) the Board of
Directors, shall review the payments to be made to Participants who are
terminated due to death or Disability, and when appropriate, may award the full
amount of Stay Bonus Payments to such Participants giving full consideration to
the value contributed both before and during the Stay Bonus Period.

           2)     Employees on Leave. If a Participant is on an approved
leave of absence during the Stay Bonus Period, he or she will receive a pro rata
Stay Bonus based on the time actually  worked  during the Stay Bonus Period,  as
calculated in section c, 1 above.

           3)     Promoted  Employees.  Participants  who are  hired or
promoted  to  replace  Participants  participating  in the Stay  Bonus  Plan who
voluntarily terminated their own employment or who were terminated for Cause (as
defined below) may be selected for participation and eligible for payments under
the KERP on a pro-rata basis, at the sole discretion of DDI management.

      d.   Definitions. For purposes of the KERP, the following terms shall have
the following meaning:

           1)     "Cause",  with  respect  to  any  Participant   (including
those  with Employment Agreements) shall be defined as the Participant's:

                  (i)    willful refusal to perform, in any material respect,
                         his or her duties or responsibilities for DDI;

                  (ii)   material breach of his or her duties or
                         responsibilities to DDI;

                  (iii)  gross negligence or willful disregard in the
                         performance of his or her duties or responsibilities;

                                        4

<PAGE>

                  (iv)   willful disregard, in any material respect, of any
                         financial or other budgetary limitations established in
                         good faith by the Board of Directors of DDI if
                         continuing after written notice;

                  (v)    engaging in conduct that causes material and
                         demonstrable injury, monetarily or otherwise, to DDI,
                         including, but not limited to, misappropriation or
                         conversion of DDI's assets; or

                  (vi)   conviction of or entry of a plea of nolo contendere to
                         a felony.

           2)     "Disability" means a physical or mental condition that
renders the Participant unable to perform the essential  functions of his or her
job with or without a reasonable  accommodation  for a period of 180 consecutive
days or more.

           3)     "Good Reason" with respect to any Participant shall mean the
occurrence of one or more of the following with respect to such Participant: (i)
a material reduction in compensation or benefits (provided, however, that a
reduction in salary that is both (x) made part of a company-wide salary
reduction and (y) no greater than the percentage reduction made for the
applicable salary level in the Company salary reduction of July 2001, shall be
deemed to be immaterial); (ii) involuntary relocation of primary work location
more than 50 miles from the current location; and/or (iii) any other event so
defined in any applicable employment Agreement.

5.    Binding Authority. Subject to the review and approval of the Board of
Directors provided herein, the decisions of DDI, or its duly authorized
delegate, shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of the KERP and shall
not be subject to any appeal or review.

6.    Source of Payments. All Stay Bonus Payments will be paid in cash from the
general funds of DDI; no separate fund will be established.

7.    Amendment or Termination. The KERP may be amended, modified, suspended or
terminated by DDI's Board of Directors at any time and without notice to or the
consent of Participants.

8.    Severability. If any term or condition of the KERP shall be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of the KERP shall not be affected thereby and shall
continue in effect and application to the fullest extent permitted by law.

9.    No Employment Rights. Neither the establishment nor the terms of the KERP
shall be held or construed to confer upon any employee the right to a
continuation of employment by DDI, nor constitute a contract of employment,
express or implied. Subject to any applicable employment agreement, DDI reserves
the right to dismiss or otherwise deal with any employee, including the
Participants, to the same extent as though the KERP had not been adopted.
Nothing in the KERP is intended to alter the "AT-WILL" status of Participants,
it being understood that, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth to
the contrary in a written

                                        5

<PAGE>

employment agreement, the employment of any Participant can be terminated at any
time by either DDI or the employee with or without notice, with or without
cause.

10.   Transferability of Rights. DDI shall have the right to transfer its
obligations under the KERP, with respect to one or more Participants, to any
person, including any purchaser of all or any part of DDI's business. No
Participant or spouse shall have any right to commute, encumber, transfer or
otherwise dispose of or alienate any present or future right or expectancy which
the Participant may have at any time to receive payments of benefits hereunder,
which benefits and the rights thereto are expressly declared to be nonassignable
and nontransferable, except to the extent required by law. Any attempt by a
Participant to transfer or assign a benefit or any rights granted hereunder
shall (after consideration of such facts as DDI deems pertinent) be grounds for
terminating any rights of the Participant to any portion of the KERP benefits
not previously paid.

11.   Governing Law. The KERP shall be construed, administered and enforced
according to the laws of the State of California.

                                        6

<PAGE>

                                   Schedule 1

               DDI Key Employee Retention Plan (KERP) Participants
                                       and
                            Stay Bonus Cost Analysis

                                        7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
