<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.37
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d04433exv10w37.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - JOSEPH A. WAGDA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.37





                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


         THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of the 1st day of May, 2002, by and
between Joseph A. Wagda (the "Executive") and Brightstar Information Technology
Group, Inc. (the "Company").

SECTION 1.        TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

(a)      Basic Rule. The Company agrees to continue the Executive's employment,
         and the Executive agrees to remain in employment with the Company, from
         May 1, 2002, until the earliest of:

         (1)      The date of the Executive's death;

         (2)      April 30, 2004; or

         (3)      The date when the Executive's employment terminates pursuant
                  to Subsection (b), (c), (d) or (e) below.

(b)      Early Termination or Resignation. The Company may terminate the
         Executive's employment at any time and for any reason by giving the
         Executive 30 days' advance notice in writing or 30 days payment of Base
         Compensation in lieu of notice. The Executive may terminate the
         Executive's employment for any reason by giving the Company not less
         than 30 days' advance notice in writing.

(c)      Termination for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's
         employment at any time for Cause shown. For all purposes under this
         Agreement, "Cause" shall mean (1) a failure by the Executive to
         substantially perform the Executive's duties under this Agreement,
         other than a failure resulting from the Executive's complete or partial
         incapacity due to physical or mental illness or impairment, (2) an
         intentional act by the Executive that constitutes gross misconduct and
         that is materially injurious to the Company, (3) a breach by the
         Executive of a material provision of this Agreement or (4) a material
         violation of a federal or state law or regulation applicable to the
         business of the Company that is materially and demonstrably injurious
         to the Company. No act, or failure to act, by the Executive shall be
         considered "intentional" unless committed without good faith and
         without a reasonable belief that the act or omission was in the
         Company's best interest.

(d)      Termination for Disability. The Company may terminate the Executive's
         employment for Disability by giving the Executive written notice. For
         all purposes under this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean that the
         Executive, at the time the notice is given, has





<PAGE>

         been unable to perform the Executive's duties under this Agreement for
         a period of not less than three consecutive months as a result of the
         Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness. In the event
         that the Executive resumes the performance of substantially all of the
         Executive's duties under this Agreement before the termination of the
         Executive's employment under this Section becomes effective, the notice
         of termination shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

(e)      Termination of Agreement. Unless this agreement has been extended prior
         to October 31, 2003, this Agreement shall expire on the earlier of
         April 30, 2004 or when all obligations of the parties hereunder have
         been satisfied. In addition, either the Company or the Executive may
         terminate this Agreement for any reason, and without affecting the
         Executive's status as an Executive, by giving the other party
         one-year's advance notice in writing. A termination of this Agreement
         pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be effective for all purposes,
         except that such termination shall not affect the payment or provision
         of compensation or benefits under this Agreement on account of a
         termination of employment occurring prior to the termination of this
         Agreement.

SECTION 2. DUTIES AND SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT

(a)      Position. The Company and each of its subsidiaries agree to employ the
         Executive for the term of employment under this Agreement in the
         position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall be
         given such duties, responsibilities and authorities as are appropriate
         to his position.

(b)      Obligations. During the term of employment under this Agreement, the
         Executive shall devote the Executive's full business efforts and time
         to the business and affairs of the Company as needed to carry out his
         duties and responsibilities hereunder subject to the overall
         supervision of the Company's Board of Directors. The foregoing shall
         not preclude the Executive from engaging in appropriate civic,
         charitable or religious activities or from devoting a reasonable amount
         of time to private investments or from serving on the boards of
         directors of other entities, as long as such activities and service do
         not interfere or conflict with the Executive's responsibilities to the
         Company.

(c)      Board of Directors. During the term of employment under this Agreement,
         the Executive shall also be appointed to and serve on the Board of
         Directors of the Company.

SECTION 3. COMPENSATION

(a)      Base Compensation. During the term of employment under this Agreement,
         the Company agrees to pay the Executive as compensation for services a
         base salary at the annual rate of $300,000 for the first year of
         employment and $350,000 for the second year of employment. Such salary
         shall be payable in accordance with the standard payroll procedures of
         the Company. Once the Company's Compensation/Option Committee of the
         Board of Directors has increased such salary, it thereafter shall not
         be reduced; provided, however, that if a Change in Control has not
         occurred, such salary (including any increases) may be reduced by the
         Company if (1) the Executive commits an act or omission that meets the
         definition of Cause, as defined in Section 1 (c), or


                                       2

<PAGE>

         (2) the Executive and all other executive officers of the Company who
         are parties to written employment agreements containing substantially
         the same provisions as this Agreement have their salaries (including
         any increases) reduced by the same percentage amount for the same time
         period. The annual compensation specified in this Section 3, together
         with any increases in such compensation that the Compensation/Option
         Committee of the Board of Directors may grant from time to time, and
         together with any reductions made in accordance with this Section 3, is
         referred to in this Agreement as "Base Compensation."

(b)      Bonus Compensation. During the term of employment under this Agreement,
         the Executive shall receive annual bonus payments of 0 to 200% of Base
         Compensation. For the calendar year of employment hereunder ending
         12/31/02, the bonus will be at the complete discretion of the board.
         For the calendar year of employment hereunder ending 12/31/03, the
         bonus will be based upon such Metrics as may be agreed upon with the
         Executive. Bonus Compensation shall be paid not later March 31 of the
         year following the year for which the bonus was awarded.

SECTION 4. COMPANY STOCK AND STOCK OPTIONS

(a)      Up-Front Stock Grant. Executive received seven hundred fifty thousand
         (750,000) restricted shares of common stock in the Company effective
         February 15, 2002, a pro rata portion of which shall vest monthly over
         the succeeding 24 month period or immediately upon death, disability,
         termination without cause or a change of control.

(b)      Future Grant of Stock or Options. The Executive may be awarded
         restricted stock or stock options as incentive compensation in the
         future at the complete discretion of the board.

SECTION 5. EXECUTIVE BENEFITS

In General. During the term of employment under this Agreement, the Executive
shall be eligible to participate in the executive benefit plans and executive
compensation programs maintained by the Company, including (without limitation)
savings or profit-sharing plans, deferred compensation plans, stock option,
incentive or other bonus plans, life, disability, health, accident and other
insurance programs, five weeks of paid vacation per annum, and similar plans or
programs, subject in each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions
of the plan or program in question and to the discretion and determinations of
any person, committee or entity administering such plan or program.

SECTION 6. BUSINESS EXPENSES AND TRAVEL

During the term of employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall be
authorized to incur necessary and reasonable travel, entertainment and other
business expenses in connection with the Executive's duties hereunder. The
Company shall reimburse the Executive for such expenses upon presentation of an
itemized account and appropriate supporting documentation, all in accordance
with generally applicable policies.


                                       3
<PAGE>

SECTION 7. INVOLUNTARY ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR
           DISABILITY

In the event that, during the term of this Agreement, the Executive's employment
terminates in a Qualifying Termination, as defined in Subsection (a), then,
after executing the release of claims described in Section 7(d), the Executive
shall be entitled to receive the payments and rights described in Subsections
(b), (c) and (d).

(a)      Qualifying Termination.  A Qualifying Termination occurs if:

         (1)      The Company terminates the Executive's employment for any
                  reason other than Cause or Disability; or

         (2)      The Executive resigns from employment with the Company as a
                  result of a "Constructive Termination." For the purposes of
                  this Agreement, a Constructive Termination means that the
                  Executive resigns from the Company within 60 days of any of
                  the following events that occur without his written consent:
                  (i) the Executive's responsibilities are materially
                  diminished; (ii) the Executive ceases to be CEO of the
                  Company; ( (iii) the Executive is removed from the Board of
                  Directors, (iv) the Executive's office is relocated more than
                  35 miles from his current office location; or (vi) the
                  Executive's Base Salary or Target Bonus is reduced by more
                  than 10%.

(b)      Severance. For a period of 12 months following the date of the
         Qualifying Termination, the Executive shall receive, in accordance with
         standard payroll procedures, an amount equal to the Executive's monthly
         Base Compensation in effect on the date of the employment termination.

(c)      Continued Vesting of Stock Options. If the Qualifying Termination does
         not occur within the 365-day period following a Change of Control,
         then, for a period of 12 months following the date of the Qualifying
         Termination, the Executive shall continue to vest, subject to Section
         4(a) above, in any outstanding restricted stock or options to purchase
         stock in the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall give the
         Executive the right to receive grants of new options to purchase stock
         in the Company following a Qualifying Termination.

(d)      Immediate Vesting of Stock Options. If the Qualifying Termination
         occurs within the 365-day period following a Change of Control, then
         the Executive shall be vested immediately in all unvested shares of
         restricted stock or options to purchase stock in the Company.

(e)      Release of Claims. As a condition to the receipt of the payments and
         benefits described in this Section 7, the Executive shall be required
         to execute a release of all claims arising out of the Executive's
         employment or the termination thereof including, but not limited to,
         any claim of discrimination under state or federal law, but excluding
         claims for indemnification from the Company under any indemnification
         agreement with the Company, its certificate of incorporation and
         by-laws or applicable law or claims for directors and officers'
         insurance coverage.



                                       4
<PAGE>

(f)      No Mitigation. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the
         amount of any payment or benefit contemplated by this Section 7, nor
         shall any such payment or benefit be reduced by any earnings or
         benefits that the Executive may receive from any other source.

(g)      Conditions to Receipt of Payments and Benefits. In view of Executive's
         position and his access to Confidential Information, as a condition to
         the receipt of payments and benefits described in this Section 7, the
         Executive shall not, without the Company's written consent, directly or
         indirectly, alone or as a partner, joint venturer, officer, director,
         Executive, consultant, agent or stockholder (other than a less than 5%
         stockholder of a publicly traded company) (i) solicit any of the
         Company's Executives, consultants or customers, (iii) hire any of the
         Company's Executives or consultants in an unlawful manner or actively
         encourage Executives or consultants to leave the Company, or (iv)
         otherwise breach his Confidential Information obligations.

SECTION 8. DEFINITION OF CHANGE IN CONTROL

For all purposes under this Agreement, "Change in Control" shall mean means the
occurrence of any of the following:

         (i)      The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
                  with or into another entity or any other corporate
                  reorganization, if more than 50% of the combined voting power
                  of the continuing or surviving entity's securities outstanding
                  immediately after such merger, consolidation or other
                  reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders
                  of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation
                  or other reorganization;

         (ii)     The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
                  substantially all of the Company's assets;

         (iii)    A change in the composition of the Board after April 30, 2002,
                  as a result of which fewer that one-half of the incumbent
                  directors are directors who either (i) had been directors of
                  the Company on the date 12 months prior to the date of the
                  event that may constitute a Change in Control (the "original
                  directors") or (ii) were elected, or nominated for election,
                  to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority
                  of the aggregate of the original directors who were still in
                  office at the time of the election or nomination and the
                  directors whose election or nomination was previously so
                  approved;

         (iv)     Any transaction after April 30, 2002 as a result of which any
                  person becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
                  13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
                  securities of the Company representing at least 20% of the
                  total voting power represented by the Company's then
                  outstanding voting securities. For purposes of this




                                       5
<PAGE>

                  Paragraph (iii), the term "person" shall have the same meaning
                  as when used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act
                  but shall exclude:

                  (A)      A trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
                           an employee benefit plan of the Company or a
                           subsidiary of the Company;

                  (B)      A corporation owned directly or indirectly by the
                           stockholders of the Company in substantially the same
                           proportions as their ownership of the common stock of
                           the Company; and

                  (C)      The Company; or

         (v)      A complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

SECTION 9. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

(a)      Acknowledgement. The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the
         services to be performed by the Executive under this Agreement are
         unique and extraordinary and that, as a result of the Executive's
         employment, the Executive will be in a relationship of confidence and
         trust with the Company and will come into possession of "Confidential
         Information" (1) owned or controlled by the Company, (2) in the
         possession of the Company and belonging to third parties or (3)
         conceived, originated, discovered or developed, in whole or in part, by
         the Executive. As used herein "Confidential Information" includes trade
         secrets and other confidential or proprietary business, technical,
         personnel or financial information, whether or not the Executive's work
         product, in written, graphic, oral or other tangible or intangible
         forms, including but not limited to specifications, samples, records,
         data, computer programs, drawings, diagrams, models, customer names,
         ID's or e-mail addresses, business or marketing plans, studies,
         analyses, projections and reports, communications by or to attorneys
         (including attorney-client privileged communications), memos and other
         materials prepared by attorneys or under their direction (including
         attorney work product), and software systems and processes. Any
         information that is not readily available to the public shall be
         considered to be a trade secret and confidential and proprietary, even
         if it is not specifically marked as such, unless the Company advises
         the Executive otherwise in writing.

(b)      Nondisclosure. The Executive agrees that the Executive will not,
         without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or
         indirectly use or disclose Confidential Information to any person,
         during or after the Executive's employment, except as may be necessary
         in the ordinary course of performing the Executive's duties under this
         Agreement. The Executive will keep the Confidential Information in
         strictest confidence and trust. This Section 9 shall apply
         indefinitely, both during and after the term of this Agreement.

(c)      Surrender Upon Termination. The Executive agrees that in the event of
         the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, the
         Executive will immediately deliver to the Company all property
         belonging to the Company, including all documents and materials of any
         nature pertaining to the Executive's work with the Company, and will
         not take with the Executive any documents or materials of any
         description, or any





                                       6
<PAGE>

         reproduction thereof of any description, containing or pertaining to
         any Confidential Information. It is understood that the Executive is
         free to use information that is in the public domain (not as a result
         of a breach of this Agreement).

SECTION 10. SUCCESSORS

(a)      Company's Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether
         direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
         consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of
         the Company's business and/or assets, by an agreement in substance and
         form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to
         agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the
         same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the
         absence of a succession. The Company's failure to obtain such agreement
         prior to the effectiveness of a succession shall be a breach of this
         Agreement and shall entitle the Executive to all of the compensation
         and benefits to which the Executive would have been entitled hereunder
         if the Company had involuntarily terminated the Executive's employment
         without Cause or Disability, on the date when such succession becomes
         effective. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term "Company"
         shall include any successor to the Company's business and/or assets
         that executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this
         Subsection (a) or that becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of
         law.

(b)      Executive's Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive
         hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the
         Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors,
         administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

SECTION 11. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

(a)      Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or
         discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in
         writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the
         Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any
         breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this
         Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other
         condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another
         time.

(b)      Whole Agreement. No agreements, representations or understandings
         (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that are not
         expressly set forth in this Agreement have been made or entered into by
         either party with respect to the subject matter hereof. In addition,
         the Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement
         supersedes in its entirety any employment agreement between the
         Executive and the Company in effect immediately prior to the effective
         date of this Agreement. As of the effective date of this Agreement,
         such employment agreement shall terminate without any further
         obligation by either party thereto, and the Executive hereby
         relinquishes any further rights that the Executive may have had under
         such prior employment agreement.

(c)      Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this
         Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
         given when personally delivered or




                                       7
<PAGE>

         when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt
         requested and postage prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed
         notices shall be addressed to the Executive at the home address that
         the Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In
         the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its
         corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the
         attention of its Chief Executive Officer.

(d)      Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and
         performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
         State of California, irrespective of California's choice-of-law
         principles.

(e)      Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or
         provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
         enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in
         full force and effect.

(f)      Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14 and in the
         enforcement of Section 15, any dispute or controversy arising out of
         the Executive's employment or the termination thereof, including, but
         not limited to, any claim of discrimination under state or federal law,
         shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in San Francisco,
         California, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration
         Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's
         award in any court having jurisdiction.

(g)      No Assignment of Benefits. The rights of any person to payments or
         benefits under this Agreement shall not be made subject to option or
         assignment, either by voluntary or involuntary assignment or by
         operation of law, including (without limitation) bankruptcy,
         garnishment, attachment or other creditor's process, and any action in
         violation of this Subsection (i) shall be void.

(h)      Employment at Will; Limitation of Remedies. The Company and the
         Executive acknowledge that the Executive's employment is at will, as
         defined under applicable law. If the Executive's employment terminates
         for any reason, the Executive shall not be entitled to any payments,
         benefits, damages, awards or compensation other than as provided by
         this Agreement.

(i)      Employment Taxes. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be
         subject to withholding of applicable taxes.

(j)      Benefit Coverage Non-Additive. In the event that the Executive is
         entitled to life insurance and health plan coverage under more than one
         provision hereunder, only one provision shall apply, and neither the
         periods of coverage nor the amounts of benefits shall be additive.












                                       8
<PAGE>



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case
of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first
above written. Executive has consulted (or has had the opportunity to consult)
with his own counsel (who is other than the Company's counsel) prior to
execution of this Agreement.




                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                                 Joseph A. Wagda




                                   BrightStar Information Technology Group, Inc.

                                   By the Compensation Committee of the Board



                                   ---------------------------------------------


                                   ---------------------------------------------


                                   ---------------------------------------------





                                       9



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
