<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex107.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.7

                           MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

                                     FORM OF
                           SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
                             1999 STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.      Purpose

        The purpose of this Second Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan
(the "Plan") of MicroStrategy Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), is to enhance the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate
persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the
Company by providing such persons with equity ownership opportunities and
performance-based incentives and thereby better aligning the interests of such
persons with those of the Company's stockholders. Except where the context
otherwise requires, the term "Company" shall include any of the Company's
present or future subsidiary corporations as defined in Section 424(f) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations promulgated
thereunder (the "Code").

2.      Eligibility

        All of the Company's employees, officers, directors (including directors
who are not employees of the Company), consultants and advisors (and any
individuals who have accepted an offer for employment) are eligible to be
granted options (each, an "Award") under the Plan. Each person who has been
granted an Award under the Plan shall be deemed a "Participant".

3.      Administration, Delegation

        (a)     Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be
administered by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). The Board
shall have authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such
administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall
deem advisable. The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or
reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the
extent it shall deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect and it shall be the
sole and final judge of such expediency. All decisions by the Board shall be
made in the Board's sole discretion and shall be final and binding on all
persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award. No director
or person acting pursuant to the authority delegated by the Board shall be
liable for any action or determination relating to or under the Plan made in
good faith.

        (b)     Delegation to Executive Officers. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, the Board may delegate to one or more executive officers of the
Company the power to make Awards and exercise such other powers under the Plan
as the Board may determine, provided that the Board shall fix the maximum number
of shares subject to Awards and the maximum number of shares for any one
Participant to be made by such executive officers.

        (c)     Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or
more committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). All references in
the Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or a Committee of the Board or the
executive officer referred to in Section 3(b) to the extent that the Board's
powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee or
executive officer.

4.      Stock Available for Awards

        (a)     Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 6 (except
as such provisions relate to stock splits effected prior to July 31, 2002),
Awards may be made under the Plan for up to 3,850,000 shares of Class A Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the "Common Stock"). If any
Award expires or is

                                        1

<PAGE>

terminated, surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised or is
forfeited in whole or in part or results in any Common Stock not being issued,
the unused Common Stock covered by such Award shall again be available for the
grant of Awards under the Plan, subject, however, in the case of Incentive Stock
Options (as hereinafter defined), to any limitation required under the Code.
Shares issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but
unissued shares or treasury shares.

        (b)     Per-Participant Limit. Subject to adjustment under Section 6
(except as such provisions relate to stock splits effected prior to July 31,
2002), for Awards granted after the Common Stock is registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock with respect to which an Award may be granted to any
Participant under the Plan shall be 1,000,000 per calendar year. The
per-Participant limit described in this Section 4(b) shall be construed and
applied consistently with Section 162(m) of the Code.

5.      Stock Options

        (a)     General. The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock
(each, an "Option") and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and
limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions
relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers
necessary or advisable. An Option which is not intended to be an Incentive Stock
Option (as hereinafter defined) shall be designated a "Nonstatutory Stock
Option".

        (b)     Incentive Stock Options. An Option that the Board intends to be
an "incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code (an "Incentive
Stock Option") shall only be granted to employees of the Company and shall be
subject to and shall be construed consistently with the requirements of Section
422 of the Code. The Company shall have no liability to a Participant, or any
other party, if an Option (or any part thereof) which is intended to be an
Incentive Stock Option is not an Incentive Stock Option.

        (c)     Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at
the time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option
agreement.

        (d)     Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such
times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the
applicable option agreement.

        (e)     Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the
Company of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any
other form of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board
together with payment in full as specified in Section 5(f) for the number of
shares for which the Option is exercised.

        (f)     Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise
of an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

                (1)     in cash or by check, payable to the order of the
Company;

                (2)     except as the Board may, in its sole discretion,
otherwise provide in an option agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and
unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the
Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price or (ii) delivery by the
Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional
instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or
a check sufficient to pay the exercise price;

                (3)     to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole
discretion, by delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant
valued at their fair market value as determined by (or in a manner approved by)
the Board in good faith ("Fair Market Value"), provided (i) such method of
payment is then permitted under applicable law and (ii) such Common Stock was
owned by the Participant at least six months prior to such delivery;

                                        2

<PAGE>

                (4)     to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole
discretion by (i) delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the
Company on terms determined by the Board, or (ii) payment of such other lawful
consideration as the Board may determine; or

                (5)     by any combination of the above permitted forms of
payment.

        (g)     Buyout Provisions. The Board may at any time offer to purchase
for a payment in cash, promissory note or shares of Common Stock, an Option
previously granted, based on such terms and conditions as the Board shall
establish and communicate to the Participant at the time that such offer is
made.

6.      Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

        (a)     Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split,
reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the per-Participant limit set forth in Section 4(b), (iii) the number and
class of securities and exercise price per share subject to each outstanding
Option, and (iv) the terms of each other outstanding Award shall be
appropriately adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if
applicable) to the extent the Board shall determine, in good faith, that such an
adjustment (or substitution) is necessary and appropriate. If this Section 6(a)
applies and Section 6(c) also applies to any event, Section 6(c) shall be
applicable to such event, and this Section 6(a) shall not be applicable. Except
as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of
any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall
affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the
number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.

        (b)     Liquidation or Dissolution. In the event of a proposed
liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the Board shall upon written notice
to the Participants provide that all then unexercised Options will (i) become
exercisable in full as of a specified time at least 10 business days prior to
the effective date of such liquidation or dissolution and (ii) terminate
effective upon such liquidation or dissolution, except to the extent exercised
before such effective date. The Board may specify the effect of a liquidation or
dissolution on any Award granted under the Plan at the time of the grant of such
Award.

        (c)     Acquisition Events

                (1)     Definition. An "Acquisition Event" shall mean:

                        (a)     any merger or consolidation of the Company with
                                or into another entity as a result of which the
                                Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for
                                the right to receive cash, securities or other
                                property; or

                        (b)     any exchange of shares of the Company for cash,
                                securities or other property pursuant to a
                                statutory share exchange transaction.

                (2)     Effect on Options. Upon the occurrence of an Acquisition
Event, or the execution by the Company of any definitive agreement with respect
to an Acquisition Event, the Board shall provide that all outstanding Options
shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be substituted, by the acquiring
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof); provided that if the
acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to
assume, or substitute for, such Options, then the Board shall, upon written
notice to the Participants, provide that all of the then unexercised Options
will become exercisable in full as of a specified time prior to the Acquisition
Event, and will terminate immediately prior to the occurrence of the Acquisition
Event, except to the extent exercised by the Participants before the
consummation of such Acquisition Event; provided, however, that in the event of
an Acquisition Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will
receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share of Common Stock
surrendered pursuant to such Acquisition Event (the "Acquisition Price"), then
the Board may instead provide that all outstanding Options shall terminate upon
consummation of such Acquisition Event and that each Participant shall receive,
in exchange

                                        3

<PAGE>

therefor, a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by which (A) the
Acquisition Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock subject to
the outstanding Options held by such Participant (whether or not exercisable),
exceeds (B) the aggregate exercise price of such Options. For purposes hereof,
an Option shall be considered to be assumed if, following consummation of the
Acquisition Event, the Option confers the right to purchase, for each share of
Common Stock subject to the Option immediately prior to the consummation of the
Acquisition Event, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other
property) received as a result of the Acquisition Event by holders of Common
Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to the consummation
of the Acquisition Event (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration,
the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that if the consideration received
as a result of the Acquisition Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the
consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the
consideration to be received upon the exercise of Options to consist solely of
common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof) equivalent in fair market value to the per share consideration received
by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of the Acquisition
Event.

7.      General Provisions Applicable to Awards

        (a)     Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise
determine or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned,
transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are
granted, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be
exercisable only by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent
relevant in the context, shall include references to authorized transferees.

        (b)     Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced by a written
instrument in such form as the Board shall determine. Each Award may contain
terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

        (c)     Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each
Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The
terms of each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat
Participants uniformly.

        (d)     Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on
an Award of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or
other change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent
to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator or guardian may exercise rights under the Award.

        (e)     Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act,
Participants may, to the extent then permitted under applicable law, satisfy
such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of shares of Common Stock,
including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at
their Fair Market Value. The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct
any such tax obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a
Participant.

        (f)     Amendment of Award. The Board may amend, modify or terminate any
outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another
Award of the same or a different type, changing the date of exercise or
realization, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonstatutory Stock
Option, provided that the Participant's consent to such action shall be required
unless the Board determines that the action, taking into account any related
action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.

        (g)     Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to
remove restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i)
all conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the
Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all other legal matters
in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied,
including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or
stock market rules and

                                        4

<PAGE>

regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company
such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to
satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.

        (h)     Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Options
shall become immediately exercisable in full or in part or that any other Awards
may become exercisable in full or in part or free of some or all restrictions or
conditions, or otherwise realizable in full or in part, as the case may be.

8.      Miscellaneous

        (a)     No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any
claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

        (b)     No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the
applicable Award, no Participant shall have any rights as a stockholder with
respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with respect to an Award
until becoming the record holder of such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event the Company effects a split of the Common Stock by means of a stock
dividend and the exercise price of and the number of shares subject to such
Option are adjusted as of the date of the distribution of the dividend (rather
than as of the record date for such dividend), then an optionee who exercises an
Option between the record date and the distribution date for such stock dividend
shall be entitled to receive, on the distribution date, the stock dividend with
respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired upon such Option exercise,
notwithstanding the fact that such shares were not outstanding as of the close
of business on the record date for such stock dividend.

        (c)     Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective
on the date on which it is adopted by the Board, but no Award granted to a
Participant designated by the Board as subject to Section 162(m) of the Code by
the Board shall become exercisable, vested or realizable, as applicable to such
Award, unless and until the Plan has been approved by the Company's stockholders
to the extent stockholder approval is required by Section 162(m) (including the
vote required under Section 162(m)). No Awards shall be granted under the Plan
after the completion of ten years from the earlier of (i) the date on which the
Plan was adopted by the Board or (ii) the date the Plan was approved by the
Company's stockholders, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that
date.

        (d)     Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the
Plan or any portion thereof at any time, provided that to the extent required by
Section 162(m) of the Code, no Award granted after the date of such amendment to
a Participant designated as subject to Section 162(m) by the Board shall become
exercisable, realizable or vested, as applicable to such Award (to the extent
that such amendment to the Plan was required to grant such Award to a particular
Participant), unless and until such amendment shall have been approved by the
Company's stockholders as required by Section 162(m) (including the vote
required under Section 162(m)).

        (e)     Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made
hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law.

                          Adopted by the Board of Directors on January 23, 2003.

                          Approved by the stockholders on ________  ___, 200_.

                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
