<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED 1999 EQUITY  INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2

                             VITRIA TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                           1999 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

                            ADOPTED ON JUNE 21, 1999
                  APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS ON JULY 28, 1999
       ADJUSTED FOR AUTOMATIC SHARE RESERVE INCREASE ON DECEMBER 31, 1999
                ADJUSTED FOR 2-FOR-1 STOCK SPLIT IN JANUARY 2000
                 ADJUSTED FOR 2-FOR-1 STOCK SPLIT IN APRIL 2000
       ADJUSTED FOR AUTOMATIC SHARE RESERVE INCREASE ON DECEMBER 31, 2000
       ADJUSTED FOR AUTOMATIC SHARE RESERVE INCREASE ON DECEMBER 31, 2001
             AMENDED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON NOVEMBER 14, 2002

                         TERMINATION DATE: JUNE 20, 2009

1. PURPOSES.

   (a) The Plan initially was established as the Vitria Technology, Inc. 1995
Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of March 10, 1995 (the "Initial Plan"). The
Initial Plan hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as the Vitria
Technology, Inc. 1999 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of its adoption by the
Board. The terms of the Initial Plan (other than the aggregate number of shares
issuable thereunder) shall remain in effect and apply to all Stock Awards
granted pursuant to the Initial Plan.

   (b) The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means by which selected Employees
and Directors of and Consultants to the Company, and its Affiliates, may be
given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the stock of the
Company through the granting of (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory
Stock Options, (iii) stock bonuses, (iv) rights to purchase restricted stock,
and (v) stock appreciation rights, all as defined below.

   (c) The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of
persons who are now Employees or Directors of or Consultants to the Company or
its Affiliates, to secure and retain the services of new Employees, Directors
and Consultants, and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum
efforts for the success of the Company and its Affiliates.

   (d) The Company intends that the Stock Awards issued under the Plan shall, in
the discretion of the Board or any Committee to which responsibility for
administration of the Plan has been delegated pursuant to subsection 3(c), be
either (i) Options granted pursuant to Section 6 hereof, including Incentive
Stock Options and Nonstatutory Stock Options, (ii) stock bonuses or rights to
purchase restricted stock granted pursuant to Section 7 hereof, or (iii) stock
appreciation rights granted pursuant to Section 8 hereof. All Options shall be
separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at
the time of grant, and in such form as issued pursuant to Section 6, and a
separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares purchased on
exercise of each type of Option.


                                       1.

<PAGE>

2. DEFINITIONS.

   (a) "Affiliate" means any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation,
whether now or hereafter existing, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e)
and (f) respectively, of the Code.

   (b) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

   (c) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

   (d) "Committee" means a Committee appointed by the Board in accordance with
subsection 3(c) of the Plan.

   (e) "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

   (f) "Company" means Vitria Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

   (g) "Concurrent Stock Appreciation Right" or "Concurrent Right" means a right
granted pursuant to subsection 8(b)(ii) of the Plan.

   (h) "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, (i) engaged by the
Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and who is
compensated for such services or (ii) who is a member of the Board of Directors
of an Affiliate. However, the term "Consultant" shall not include either
Directors who are not compensated by the Company for their services as Directors
or Directors who are merely paid a director's fee by the Company for their
services as Directors.

   (i) "Continuous Service" (formerly, "Continuous Status as an Employee,
Director or Consultant") means that the Participant's service with the Company
or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not
interrupted or terminated. The Participant's Continuous Service shall not be
deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which
the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee,
Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant
renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of
the Participant's Continuous Service. For example, a change in status from an
Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or a Director will not
constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. The Board or the chief
executive officer of the Company, in that party's sole discretion, may determine
whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case of any
leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military leave or
any other personal leave.

   (j) "Covered Employee" means the chief executive officer and the four (4)
other highest compensated officers of the Company for whom total compensation is
required to be reported to stockholders under the Exchange Act, as determined
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

   (k) "Director" means a member of the Board.


                                       2.

<PAGE>

   (l) "Disability" means (i) before the Listing Date, the inability of a
person, in the opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the Company, to
perform the major duties of that person's position with the Company or an
Affiliate of the Company because of the sickness or injury of the person and
(ii) after the Listing Date, the permanent and total disability of a person
within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

   (m) "Employee" means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed
by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. Neither service as a Director
nor payment of a director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute
"employment" by the Company.

   (n) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

   (o) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock
determined as follows and in each case in a manner consistent with Section
260.140.50 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations:

       (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a
national market system, including without limitation the National Market System
of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation
("NASDAQ") System, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the
closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were
reported) as quoted on such system or exchange (or the exchange with the
greatest volume of trading in Common Stock) on the last market trading day prior
to the day of determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal or such
other source as the Board deems reliable;

       (ii) If the Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ System (but not on the
National Market System thereof) or is regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the bid and asked prices for
the Common Stock on the last market trading day prior to the day of
determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Board deems reliable;

       (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the
Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

       (iv) Prior to the Listing Date, the value of the Common Stock shall be
determined in a manner consistent with Section 260.140.50 of Title 10 of the
California Code of Regulations.

   (p) "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the
regulations promulgated thereunder.

   (q) "Independent Stock Appreciation Right" or "Independent Right" means a
right granted pursuant to subsection 8(b)(iii) of the Plan.


                                       3.

<PAGE>

   (r) "Listing Date" means the first date upon which any security of the
Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any
securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of
issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system if
such securities exchange or interdealer quotation system has been certified in
accordance with the provisions of Section 25100(o) of the California Corporate
Securities Law of 1968.

   (s) "Non-Employee Director" means a Director of the Company who either (i) is
not a current Employee or Officer of the Company or its parent or a subsidiary,
does not receive compensation (directly or indirectly) from the Company or its
parent or a subsidiary for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity
other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not
be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the
Securities Act ("Regulation S-K")), does not possess an interest in any other
transaction as to which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K and is not engaged in a business relationship as to which
disclosure would be required under Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is
otherwise considered a "non-employee director" for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

   (t) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to qualify as an
Incentive Stock Option.

   (u) "Officer" means (i) before the Listing Date, any person designated by the
Company as an officer and (ii) on and after the Listing Date, a person who is an
officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

   (v) "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

   (w) "Option Agreement" means a written agreement between the Company and an
Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option grant.
Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

   (x) "Optionholder" means an Employee, Director or Consultant who holds an
outstanding Option.

   (y) "Outside Director" means a Director who either (i) is not a current
employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" (within the meaning of
Treasury regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a
former employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" receiving
compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax qualified
pension plan), was not an officer of the Company or an "affiliated corporation"
at any time, and is not currently receiving direct or indirect remuneration from
the Company or an "affiliated corporation" for services in any capacity other
than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an "outside director" for
purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

   (z) "Participant" means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant to
the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock
Award.


                                       4.

<PAGE>

   (aa) "Plan" means this 1999 Equity Incentive Plan.

   (bb) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to
Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the
Plan.

   (cc) "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

   (dd) "Stock Appreciation Right" means any of the various types of rights
which may be granted under Section 8 of the Plan.

   (ee) "Stock Award" means any right granted under the Plan, including any
Option, any stock bonus, any right to purchase restricted stock, and any Stock
Appreciation Right.

   (ab) "Stock Award Agreement" means a written agreement between the Company
and a holder of a Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an
individual Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan.

   (cd) "Tandem Stock Appreciation Right" or "Tandem Right" means a right
granted pursuant to subsection 8(b)(i) of the Plan.

   (ff) "Ten Percent Stockholder" means a person who owns (or is deemed to own
pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent
(10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company
or of any of its Affiliates.

3. ADMINISTRATION.

   (a) The Board shall administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates
administration to a Committee, as provided in subsection 3(c). Any
interpretation of the Plan by the Board and any decision by the Board under the
Plan shall be final and binding on all persons.

   (b) The Board shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations
of, the express provisions of the Plan:

       (i) To determine from time to time which of the persons eligible under
the Plan shall be granted Stock Awards; when and how each Stock Award shall be
granted; whether a Stock Award will be an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory
Stock Option, a stock bonus, a right to purchase restricted stock, a Stock
Appreciation Right, or a combination of the foregoing; the provisions of each
Stock Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or times
when a person shall be permitted to receive stock pursuant to a Stock Award;
whether a person shall be permitted to receive stock upon exercise of an
Independent Stock Appreciation Right; and the number of shares with respect to
which a Stock Award shall be granted to each such person.

       (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted under
it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any
defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any


                                       5.

<PAGE>

Stock Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or
expedient to make the Plan fully effective.

       (iii) To amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in Section 13.

       (iv) To effect, at any time and from time to time with the consent of any
adversely affected Optionholder, (1) the reduction of the exercise price of any
outstanding Option under the Plan to the then Fair Market Value and/or (2) the
cancellation of any outstanding Options under the Plan in exchange for (A) the
grant of a stock bonus; (B) the grant of restricted stock; (C) cash; (D) the
grant in substitution therefor of new Options under the Plan having an exercise
price per share not less than as provided for new option grants made under the
Plan; or (E) any other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board in its
sole discretion). The Board shall determine the exchange ratio (which may be for
more or less shares of stock than those then subject to the outstanding Option)
in its sole discretion as well as all other terms of the exchange not
specifically provided for in this paragraph.

       (v) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the
Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company
that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan.

   (c) The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a committee composed
of not fewer than two (2) members (the "Committee"), all of the members of which
Committee may be, in the discretion of the Board, Non-Employee Directors and
also may be, in the discretion of the Board, Outside Directors. If
administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall have, in
connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed
by the Board (and references in this Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to
the Committee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The
Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the
administration of the Plan. Additionally, prior to the date of the first
registration of an equity security of the Company under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
Board may delegate administration of the Plan to any person or persons and the
term "Committee" shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority has
been delegated. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3 to the contrary, the
Board or the Committee may delegate to a committee of one or more members of the
Board the authority to grant Stock Awards to eligible persons who (1) are not
then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and/or (2) are either (i) not
then Covered Employees and are not expected to be Covered Employees at the time
of recognition of income resulting from such Stock Award, or (ii) not persons
with respect to whom the Company wishes to avoid the application of Section
162(m) of the Code.

4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

   (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 12 relating to adjustments upon
changes in stock and the provisions of subsection 4(a)(iii) relating to
automatic increases, the stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards shall
not exceed in the aggregate Sixty-five Million Nine


                                       6.

<PAGE>

Hundred Twenty-two Thousand One Hundred Twenty-eight (65,922,128)1 shares less
shares issued or issuable pursuant to the exercise or award of Stock Awards
under the Company's 1998 Executive Incentive Plan on the date hereof or as such
Stock Awards are issued or become issuable from time to time under such 1998
Executive Incentive Plan (as adjusted from time to time provided herein, the
"Reserved Amount").

       (i) For a period of ten (10) years, commencing on December 31, 1999 and
ending on December 31, 2008, the aggregate number of shares of stock specified
in subsection 4(a) hereof automatically shall be increased each December 31 (the
"Calculation Date") by six and one-half percent (6.5%) of the Diluted Shares
Outstanding on the Calculation Date.

       (ii) For purposes of subsection 4(a)(iii), "Diluted Shares Outstanding"
means the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock on the Calculation Date,
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the Calculation Date
assuming the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Stock and convertible
notes, plus the additional number of dilutive Common Stock equivalent shares
outstanding as the result of any options or warrants outstanding during the
prior 12-month period, calculated using the treasury stock method.

       (iii) If any Stock Award shall for any reason expire, be repurchased or
otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, the stock under such Stock Award shall
revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.

       (iv) Shares subject to Stock Appreciation Rights exercised in accordance
with Section 8 of the Plan shall not be available for subsequent issuance under
the Plan.

       (v) In no event shall Stock Awards qualifying as Incentive Stock Options
exceed Thirty-two Million (32,000,000)2 shares, less shares issued or issuable
pursuant to the exercise or award of Incentive Stock Options under the Company's
1998 Executive Incentive Plan on the date hereof or as such Incentive Stock
Options are issued or become issuable from time to time under such 1998
Executive Incentive Plan.

   (b) The stock subject to the Plan may be unissued shares or reacquired
shares, bought on the market or otherwise.

   (c) Prior to the Listing Date and to the extent then required by Section
260.140.45 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations, the total number
of shares of Common Stock

------------------------
1  The initial share reserve of 10,000,000 shares was automatically increased on
December 31, 1999 by 2,006,907 shares to 12,006,907 shares. This number was
adjusted to 24,013,814 shares in January 2000 pursuant to a 2-for-1 stock split.
This number was again adjusted to 48,027,628 shares in April 2000 pursuant to a
2-for-1 stock split. The 2,006,907 shares added to the share reserve on December
31, 1999 (as adjusted to 4,013,814 shares in January 2000 and adjusted again to
8,027,628 shares in April 2000) have been registered on a Form S-8 registration
statement filed on May 24, 2000. 8,990,020 shares were automatically added to
the reserve on December 31, 2000 (registered on Form S-8 on Oct. 9, 2001).
8,904,480 shares were automatically added to the reserve on December 31, 2001
(registered on Form S-8 on June 10, 2002).

2  The initial 8 million share number was adjusted to 16 million shares in
January 2000 pursuant to a 2-for-1 stock split. This number was adjusted to 32
million shares in April 2000 pursuant to a 2-for-1 stock split.

                                       7.

<PAGE>

issuable upon exercise of all outstanding Options and the total number of shares
of Common Stock provided for under any stock bonus or similar plan of the
Company shall not exceed the applicable percentage as calculated in accordance
with the conditions and exclusions of Section 260.140.45 of Title 10 of the
California Code of Regulations, based on the shares of Common Stock that are
outstanding at the time the calculation is made.

5. ELIGIBILITY.

   (a) Incentive Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights appurtenant thereto
may be granted only to Employees. Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights appurtenant thereto may be granted only to
Employees, Directors or Consultants.

   (b) Ten Percent Stockholders.

       (i) A Ten Percent Stockholder shall not be granted an Incentive Stock
Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least one hundred ten
percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant
and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from
the date of grant.

       (ii) Prior to the Listing Date, a Ten Percent Stockholder shall not be
granted a Nonstatutory Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is
at least (i) one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock at the date of grant or (ii) such lower percentage of the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant as is permitted by Section
260.140.41 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the time of the
grant of the Option.

       (iii) Prior to the Listing Date, a Ten Percent Stockholder shall not be
granted a restricted stock award unless the purchase price of the restricted
stock is at least (i) one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock at the date of grant or (ii) such lower percentage of the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock at the date of grant as is permitted by Section
260.140.41 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the time of the
grant of the Option.

   (c) Section 162(m) Limitation. Subject to the provisions of Section 12
relating to adjustments upon changes in the shares of Common Stock, no Employee
shall be eligible to be granted Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights
covering more than Four Million Eight Hundred Thousand (4,800,000)3 shares of
Common Stock during any calendar year. This subsection 5(c) shall not apply
prior to the Listing Date and, following the Listing Date, this subsection 5(c)
shall not apply until (i) the earliest of: (1) the first material modification
of the Plan (including any increase in the number of shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance under the Plan in accordance with Section 4); (2) the
issuance of all of the shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the
Plan; (3) the expiration of the Plan; or (4) the first meeting

------------------------
3 The initial 1.2 million share number was adjusted to 2.4 million shares in
January 2000 pursuant to a 2-for-1 stock split. This number was adjusted to 4.8
million shares in April 2000 pursuant to a 2-for-1 stock split.


                                       8.

<PAGE>

of stockholders at which Directors are to be elected that occurs after the close
of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which occurred the
first registration of an equity security under Section 12 of the Exchange Act;
or (ii) such other date required by Section 162(m) of the Code and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

   (d) Consultants.

       (i) Prior to the Listing Date, a Consultant shall not be eligible for the
grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, either the offer or the sale of
the Company's securities to such Consultant is not exempt under Rule 701 of the
Securities Act ("Rule 701") because of the nature of the services that the
Consultant is providing to the Company, or because the Consultant is not a
natural person, or as otherwise provided by Rule 701, unless the Company
determines that such grant need not comply with the requirements of Rule 701 and
will satisfy another exemption under the Securities Act as well as comply with
the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions.

       (ii) From and after the Listing Date, a Consultant shall not be eligible
for the grant of a Stock Award if, at the time of grant, a Form S-8 Registration
Statement under the Securities Act ("Form S-8") is not available to register
either the offer or the sale of the Company's securities to such Consultant
because of the nature of the services that the Consultant is providing to the
Company, or because the Consultant is not a natural person, or as otherwise
provided by the rules governing the use of Form S-8, unless the Company
determines both (i) that such grant (A) shall be registered in another manner
under the Securities Act (e.g., on a Form S-3 Registration Statement) or (B)
does not require registration under the Securities Act in order to comply with
the requirements of the Securities Act, if applicable, and (ii) that such grant
complies with the securities laws of all other relevant jurisdictions.

       (iii) Rule 701 and Form S-8 generally are available to consultants and
advisors only if (i) they are natural persons; (ii) they provide bona fide
services to the issuer, its parents, its majority-owned subsidiaries or (for
Rule 701 purposes only) majority-owned subsidiaries of the issuer's parent; and
(iii) the services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in
a capital-raising transaction, and do not directly or indirectly promote or
maintain a market for the issuer's securities.

6. OPTION PROVISIONS.

   Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions
as the Board shall deem appropriate. The provisions of separate Options need not
be identical, but each Option shall include (through incorporation of provisions
hereof by reference in the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the
following provisions:

   (a) Term. No Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10)
years from the date it was granted.

   (b) Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option. Subject to the provisions
regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise price of each Incentive Stock
Option shall be


                                       9.

<PAGE>

not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common
Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price
lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted
pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner
satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code.

   (c) Exercise Price of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. Subject to the provisions
regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise price of each Nonstatutory
Stock Option granted prior to the Listing Date shall be not less than
eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject
to the Option on the date the Option is granted. The exercise price of each
Nonstatutory Stock Option granted on or after the Listing Date shall be not less
than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a Nonstatutory Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price
lower than that set forth in the preceding sentence if such Option is granted
pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner
satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code.

(d) Consideration. The purchase price of stock acquired pursuant to an Option
shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable statutes and regulations,
either (i) in cash at the time the Option is exercised, or (ii) at the
discretion of the Board or the Committee, at the time of the grant of the
Option, (A) by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock, (B) according to a
deferred payment or other arrangement (which may include, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the use of other Common Stock) with the person to
whom the Option is granted or to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to
subsection 6(f), or (C) in any other form of legal consideration that may be
acceptable to the Board; provided, however, that at any time that the Company is
incorporated in Delaware, payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as defined
in the Delaware General Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred payment.

   In the case of any deferred payment arrangement, interest shall be compounded
at least annually and shall be charged at the minimum rate of interest necessary
to avoid the treatment as interest, under any applicable provisions of the Code,
of any amounts other than amounts stated to be interest under the deferred
payment arrangement.

   (e) Transferability of an Incentive Stock Option. An Incentive Stock Option
shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder
only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may,
by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the
Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the
Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

   (f) Transferability of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. A Nonstatutory Stock
Option granted prior to the Listing Date shall not be transferable except by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution and, to the extent provided in
the Option Agreement, to such further extent as permitted by Section
260.140.41(d) of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the time of
the grant of the Option, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the
Optionholder only by the Optionholder. A Nonstatutory Stock Option granted on or
after the Listing Date shall be


                                       10.

<PAGE>

transferable to the extent provided in the Option Agreement. If the Nonstatutory
Stock Option does not provide for transferability, then the Nonstatutory Stock
Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder
only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may,
by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the
Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the
Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

   (g) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to
an Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic
installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Option may be subject to such
other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be exercised (which
may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Board may deem
appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The
provisions of this subsection 6(g) are subject to any Option provisions
governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may
be exercised.

   (h) Minimum Vesting Prior to the Listing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing
subsection 6(g), to the extent that the following restrictions on vesting are
required by Section 260.140.41(f) of Title 10 of the California Code of
Regulations at the time of the grant of the Option, then:

       (i) Options granted prior to the Listing Date to an Employee who is not
an Officer, Director or Consultant shall provide for vesting of the total number
of shares of Common Stock at a rate of at least twenty percent (20%) per year
over five (5) years from the date the Option was granted, subject to reasonable
conditions such as continued employment; and

       (ii) Options granted prior to the Listing Date to Officers, Directors or
Consultants may be made fully exercisable, subject to reasonable conditions such
as continued employment, at any time or during any period established by the
Company.

   (i) Termination of Continuous Service. In the event an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder's death or
Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that
the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of
termination) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date three (3) months following the termination of the Optionholder's
Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement, which period shall not be less than thirty (30) days for Options
granted prior to the Listing Date unless such termination is for cause), or (ii)
the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement.
If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option
within the time specified in the Option Agreement, the Option shall terminate.

   (j) Extension of Termination Date. An Optionholder's Option Agreement may
also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the
Optionholder's Continuous Service (other than upon the Optionholder's death or
Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of
shares of Common Stock would violate the


                                       11.

<PAGE>

registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option shall
terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set
forth in subsection 6(a) or (ii) the expiration of a period of three (3) months
after the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service during which the
exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration
requirements.

   (k) Disability of Optionholder. In the event that an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's Disability, the
Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder
was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination), but only
within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12)
months following such termination (or such longer or shorter period specified in
the Option Agreement, which period shall not be less than six (6) months for
Options granted prior to the Listing Date) or (ii) the expiration of the term of
the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement. If, after termination, the
Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified
herein, the Option shall terminate.

   (l) Death of Optionholder. In the event (i) an Optionholder's Continuous
Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's death or (ii) the
Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option Agreement
after the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service for a reason
other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by
the Optionholder's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the
option upon the Optionholder's death, but only within the period ending on the
earlier of (1) the date eighteen (18) months following the date of death (or
such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement, which period
shall not be less than six (6) months for Options granted prior to the Listing
Date) or (2) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the
Option Agreement. If, after death, the Option is not exercised within the time
specified herein, the Option shall terminate.

   (m) Early Exercise. The Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby
the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder's Continuous
Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of the shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of the Option.
Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 11(h), any unvested shares
of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a repurchase option in favor of
the Company or to any other restriction the Board determines to be appropriate.

   (n) Right of Repurchase. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection
11(h), the Option may, but need not, include a provision whereby the Company may
elect, prior to the Listing Date, to repurchase all or any part of the vested
shares of Common Stock acquired by the Optionholder pursuant to the exercise of
the Option.

   (o) Right of First Refusal. The Option may, but need not, include a provision
whereby the Company may elect, prior to the Listing Date, to exercise a right of
first refusal following receipt of notice from the Optionholder of the intent to
transfer all or any part of the shares of Common Stock received upon the
exercise of the Option. Except as expressly provided


                                       12.

<PAGE>

in this subsection, such right of first refusal shall otherwise comply with any
applicable provisions of the Bylaws of the Company.

   (p) Re-Load Options. Without in any way limiting the authority of the Board
or Committee to make or not to make grants of Options hereunder, the Board or
Committee shall have the authority (but not an obligation) to include as part of
any Option Agreement a provision entitling the Optionholder to a further Option
(a "Re-Load Option") in the event the Optionholder exercises the Option
evidenced by the Option Agreement, in whole or in part, by surrendering other
shares of Common Stock in accordance with this Plan and the terms and conditions
of the Option Agreement. Any such Re-Load Option (i) shall be for a number of
shares equal to the number of shares surrendered as part or all of the exercise
price of such Option; (ii) shall have an expiration date which is the same as
the expiration date of the Option the exercise of which gave rise to such
Re-Load Option; and (iii) shall have an exercise price which is equal to one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to
the Re-Load Option on the date of exercise of the original Option or, in the
case of a Re-Load Option which is an Incentive Stock Option and which is granted
to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall have an exercise price which is equal to one
hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the stock subject to the
Re-Load Option on the date of exercise of the original Option.

   Any such Re-Load Option may be an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory
Stock Option, as the Board or Committee may designate at the time of the grant
of the original Option; provided, however, that the designation of any Re-Load
Option as an Incentive Stock Option shall be subject to the one hundred thousand
dollar ($100,000) annual limitation on exercisability of Incentive Stock Options
described in subsection 11(c) of the Plan and in Section 422(d) of the Code.
There shall be no Re-Load Options on a Re-Load Option. Any such Re-Load Option
shall be subject to the availability of sufficient shares under subsection 4(a)
and the "Section 162(m) Limitation" on the grants of Options under subsection
5(c), and shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Board or
Committee may determine.

7. PROVISIONS OF STOCK BONUSES AND PURCHASES OF RESTRICTED STOCK.

   (a) Stock Bonus Awards. Each stock bonus agreement shall be in such form and
shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. The
terms and conditions of stock bonus agreements may change from time to time, and
the terms and conditions of separate stock bonus agreements need not be
identical, but each stock bonus agreement shall include (through incorporation
of provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance
of each of the following provisions:

       (i) Consideration. A stock bonus may be awarded in consideration for past
services actually rendered to the Company or an Affiliate for its benefit.

       (ii) Vesting. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 11(h),
shares of Common Stock awarded under the stock bonus agreement may, but need
not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of the Company in
accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board.


                                       13.

<PAGE>

       (iii) Termination of Participant's Continuous Service. Subject to the
"Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 11(h), in the event a Participant's
Continuous Service terminates, the Company may reacquire any or all of the
shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not vested as of the
date of termination under the terms of the stock bonus agreement.

       (iv) Transferability. For a stock bonus award made before the Listing
Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the stock bonus agreement
shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant
only by the Participant. For a stock bonus award made on or after the Listing
Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the stock bonus agreement
shall be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as
are set forth in the stock bonus agreement, as the Board shall determine in its
discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the stock bonus agreement
remains subject to the terms of the stock bonus agreement.

   (b) Restricted Stock Awards. Each restricted stock purchase agreement shall
be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall
deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the restricted stock purchase
agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of
separate restricted stock purchase agreements need not be identical, but each
restricted stock purchase agreement shall include (through incorporation of
provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of
each of the following provisions:

       (i) Purchase Price. Subject to the provisions of subsection 5(b)
regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the purchase price under each restricted
stock purchase agreement shall be such amount as the Board shall determine and
designate in such restricted stock purchase agreement. For restricted stock
awards made prior to the Listing Date, the purchase price shall not be less than
eighty-five percent (85%) of the Common Stock's Fair Market Value on the date
such award is made or at the time the purchase is consummated. For restricted
stock awards made on or after the Listing Date, the purchase price shall not be
less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Common Stock's Fair Market Value on
the date such award is made or at the time the purchase is consummated.

       (ii) Consideration. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant
to the restricted stock purchase agreement shall be paid either: (i) in cash at
the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the Board, according to a
deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the Participant; or (iii) in
any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board in its
discretion; provided, however, that at any time that the Company is incorporated
in Delaware, then payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as defined in the
Delaware General Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred payment.

       (iii) Vesting. Subject to the "Repurchase Limitation" in subsection
11(h), shares of Common Stock acquired under the restricted stock purchase
agreement may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in favor of
the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board.


                                       14.

<PAGE>

       (iv) Termination of Participant's Continuous Service. Subject to the
"Repurchase Limitation" in subsection 11(h), in the event a Participant's
Continuous Service terminates, the Company may repurchase or otherwise reacquire
any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which have not
vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the restricted stock
purchase agreement.

       (v) Transferability. For a restricted stock award made before the Listing
Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the restricted stock
purchase agreement shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the
Participant only by the Participant. For a restricted stock award made on or
after the Listing Date, rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the
restricted stock purchase agreement shall be transferable by the Participant
only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the restricted stock
purchase agreement, as the Board shall determine in its discretion, so long as
Common Stock awarded under the restricted stock purchase agreement remains
subject to the terms of the restricted stock purchase agreement.

8. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

   (a) The Board or Committee shall have full power and authority, exercisable
in its sole discretion, to grant Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan to
Employees or Directors of or Consultants to, the Company or its Affiliates. To
exercise any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, the holder must provide
written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of
the Stock Award Agreement evidencing such right. If a Stock Appreciation Right
is granted to an individual who is at the time subject to Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act (a "Section 16(b) Insider"), the Stock Award Agreement of grant
shall incorporate all the terms and conditions at the time necessary to assure
that the subsequent exercise of such right shall qualify for the safe-harbor
exemption from short-swing profit liability provided by Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation). No limitation
shall exist on the aggregate amount of cash payments the Company may make under
the Plan in connection with the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Rights.

   (b) Three types of Stock Appreciation Rights shall be authorized for issuance
under the Plan:

       (i) Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights. Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights
will be granted appurtenant to an Option, and shall, except as specifically set
forth in this Section 8, be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable
to the particular Option grant to which it pertains. Tandem Stock Appreciation
Rights will require the holder to elect between the exercise of the underlying
Option for shares of stock and the surrender, in whole or in part, of such
Option for an appreciation distribution. The appreciation distribution payable
on the exercised Tandem Right shall be in cash (or, if so provided, in an
equivalent number of shares of stock based on Fair Market Value on the date of
the Option surrender) in an amount up to the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value
(on the date of the Option surrender) of the number of shares of stock covered
by that portion of the surrendered Option in which the Optionholder is vested
over (B) the aggregate exercise price payable for such vested shares.


                                       15.

<PAGE>

       (ii) Concurrent Stock Appreciation Rights. Concurrent Rights will be
granted appurtenant to an Option and may apply to all or any portion of the
shares of stock subject to the underlying Option and shall, except as
specifically set forth in this Section 8, be subject to the same terms and
conditions applicable to the particular Option grant to which it pertains. A
Concurrent Right shall be exercised automatically at the same time the
underlying Option is exercised with respect to the particular shares of stock to
which the Concurrent Right pertains. The appreciation distribution payable on an
exercised Concurrent Right shall be in cash (or, if so provided, in an
equivalent number of shares of stock based on Fair Market Value on the date of
the exercise of the Concurrent Right) in an amount equal to such portion as
shall be determined by the Board or the Committee at the time of the grant of
the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise
of the Concurrent Right) of the vested shares of stock purchased under the
underlying Option which have Concurrent Rights appurtenant to them over (B) the
aggregate exercise price paid for such shares.

       (iii) Independent Stock Appreciation Rights. Independent Rights will be
granted independently of any Option and shall, except as specifically set forth
in this Section 8, be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to
Nonstatutory Stock Options as set forth in Section 6. They shall be denominated
in share equivalents. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercised
Independent Right shall be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A)
the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the Independent
Right) of a number of shares of Company stock equal to the number of share
equivalents in which the holder is vested under such Independent Right, and with
respect to which the holder is exercising the Independent Right on such date,
over (B) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the grant of the
Independent Right) of such number of shares of Company stock. The appreciation
distribution payable on the exercised Independent Right shall be in cash or, if
so provided, in an equivalent number of shares of stock based on Fair Market
Value on the date of the exercise of the Independent Right.

9. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

   (a) During the terms of the Stock Awards, the Company shall keep available at
all times the number of shares of stock required to satisfy such Stock Awards.

   (b) The Company shall seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or
agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to
issue and sell shares of stock upon exercise of the Stock Award; provided,
however, that this undertaking shall not require the Company to register under
the Securities Act either the Plan, any Stock Award or any stock issued or
issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts, the
Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the
authority which counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance
and sale of stock under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any
liability for failure to issue and sell stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards
unless and until such authority is obtained.

10. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM STOCK.


                                       16.

<PAGE>

   Proceeds from the sale of stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall constitute
general funds of the Company.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

   (a) Neither an Employee, Director or Consultant nor any person to whom a
Stock Award is transferred shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any
of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares subject to such Stock
Award unless and until such person has satisfied all requirements for exercise
of the Stock Award pursuant to its terms.

   (b) Nothing in the Plan or any instrument executed or Stock Award granted
pursuant thereto shall confer upon any Employee, Director, Consultant or other
holder of Stock Awards any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any
Affiliate (or to continue acting as a Director or Consultant) or shall affect
the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the employment or
relationship as a Director or Consultant of any Employee, Director, Consultant
or other holder of Stock Awards with or without cause.

   (c) To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the
time of grant) of stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted
after 1986 are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any
calendar year under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates exceeds one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Options or portions thereof which
exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be
treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options.

   (d) The Company may require any person to whom a Stock Award is granted, or
any person to whom a Stock Award is transferred, as a condition of exercising or
acquiring stock under any Stock Award, (1) to give written assurances
satisfactory to the Company as to such person's knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative
reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in
financial and business matters, and that he or she is capable of evaluating,
alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of
exercising the Stock Award; and (2) to give written assurances satisfactory to
the Company stating that such person is acquiring the stock subject to the Stock
Award for such person's own account and not with any present intention of
selling or otherwise distributing the stock. The foregoing requirements, and any
assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (iii)
the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of stock under the
Stock Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, or (iv) as to any particular requirement, a
determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not
be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The
Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock
certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or
appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but
not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the stock.

   (e) To the extent provided by the terms of a Stock Award Agreement, the
person to whom a Stock Award is granted may satisfy any federal, state or local
tax withholding obligation


                                       17.

<PAGE>

relating to the exercise or acquisition of stock under a Stock Award by any of
the following means or by a combination of such means: (1) tendering a cash
payment; (2) authorizing the Company to withhold shares from the shares of the
Common Stock otherwise issuable to the participant as a result of the exercise
or acquisition of stock under the Stock Award; or (3) delivering to the Company
owned and unencumbered shares of the Common Stock.

   (f) The Board shall have the power to accelerate the time at which a Stock
Award may first be exercised or the time during which a Stock Award or any part
thereof will vest in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in
the Stock Award stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time
during which it will vest.

   (g) Prior to the Listing Date, to the extent required by Section 260.140.46
of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations, the Company shall deliver
financial statements to Participants at least annually. This subsection 11(g)
shall not apply to key Employees whose duties in connection with the Company
assure them access to equivalent information.

   (h) The terms of any repurchase option shall be specified in the Stock Award
and may be either at Fair Market Value at the time of repurchase or at not less
than the original purchase price. To the extent required by Section 260.140.41
and Section 260.140.42 of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations at the
time a Stock Award is made, any repurchase option contained in a Stock Award
granted prior to the Listing Date to a person who is not an Officer, Director or
Consultant shall be upon the terms described below:

       (i) If the repurchase option gives the Company the right to repurchase
the shares of Common Stock upon termination of employment at not less than the
Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock to be purchased on the date of
termination of Continuous Service, then (i) the right to repurchase shall be
exercised for cash or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness for the shares
of Common Stock within ninety (90) days of termination of Continuous Service (or
in the case of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of Stock Awards after
such date of termination, within ninety (90) days after the date of the
exercise) or such longer period as may be agreed to by the Company and the
Participant (for example, for purposes of satisfying the requirements of Section
1202(c)(3) of the Code regarding "qualified small business stock") and (ii) the
right terminates when the shares of Common Stock become publicly traded.

       (ii) If the repurchase option gives the Company the right to repurchase
the shares of Common Stock upon termination of Continuous Service at the
original purchase price, then (i) the right to repurchase at the original
purchase price shall lapse at the rate of at least twenty percent (20%) of the
shares of Common Stock per year over five (5) years from the date the Stock
Award is granted (without respect to the date the Stock Award was exercised or
became exercisable) and (ii) the right to repurchase shall be exercised for cash
or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness for the shares of Common Stock
within ninety (90) days of termination of Continuous Service (or in the case of
shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of Options after such date of
termination, within ninety (90) days after the date of the exercise) or such
longer period as may be agreed to by the Company and the Participant (for


                                       18.

<PAGE>

example, for purposes of satisfying the requirements of Section 1202(c)(3) of
the Code regarding "qualified small business stock").

12. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN STOCK.

   (a) If any change is made in the Common Stock subject to the Plan, or subject
to any Stock Award, without the receipt of consideration by the Company (through
merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock
dividend, dividend in property other than cash, stock split, liquidating
dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate
structure or other transaction not involving the receipt of consideration by the
Company), the Plan will be appropriately adjusted in the class(es) and maximum
number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to subsection 4(a) and the
maximum number of securities subject to award to any person pursuant to
subsection 5(c), and the outstanding Stock Awards will be appropriately adjusted
in the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of Common Stock
subject to such outstanding Stock Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments,
and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. (The conversion of
any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a transaction
"without receipt of consideration" by the Company.)

   (b) In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, then all
outstanding Stock Awards shall terminate immediately prior to such event.

   (c) In the event of (i) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, (ii) a merger or consolidation
in which the Company is not the surviving corporation or (iii) a reverse merger
in which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the
merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or
otherwise, then any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation shall assume
any Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or shall substitute similar stock
awards (including an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the
stockholders in the transaction described in this subsection 12(c) for those
outstanding under the Plan. In the event any surviving corporation or acquiring
corporation refuses to assume such Stock Awards or to substitute similar stock
awards for those outstanding under the Plan, then the vesting of outstanding
Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time during which such Stock Awards may be
exercised) shall be accelerated in full, and the Stock Awards shall terminate if
not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to such event. Stock Awards shall
terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to such event.

   (d) After the Listing Date, in the event of an acquisition by any person,
entity or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange
Act, or any comparable successor provisions (excluding any employee benefit
plan, or related trust, sponsored or maintained by the Company or an Affiliate)
of the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under
the Exchange Act, or comparable successor rule) of securities of the Company
representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled
to vote in the election of Directors, then the vesting of outstanding Stock
Awards (and, if applicable, the time during which such Stock Awards may be
exercised) shall be accelerated in full.


                                       19.

<PAGE>

13. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND STOCK AWARDS.

   (a) The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the Plan.
However, except as provided in Section 12 relating to adjustments upon changes
in stock, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the stockholders of
the Company within twelve (12) months before or after the adoption of the
amendment, where the amendment will:

       (i) Increase the number of shares reserved for Stock Awards under the
Plan;

       (ii) Modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the
Plan (to the extent such modification requires stockholder approval in order for
the Plan to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code); or

       (iii) Modify the Plan in any other way if such modification requires
stockholder approval in order for the Plan to satisfy the requirements of
Section 422 of the Code or to comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 or any
Nasdaq or securities exchange listing requirements.

   (b) The Board may in its sole discretion submit any other amendment to the
Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the
Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and the
regulations promulgated thereunder regarding the exclusion of performance-based
compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to
certain executive officers.

   (c) It is expressly contemplated that the Board may amend the Plan in any
respect the Board deems necessary or advisable to provide eligible Employees
with the maximum benefits provided or to be provided under the provisions of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder relating to Incentive Stock
Options and/or to bring the Plan and/or Incentive Stock Options granted under it
into compliance therewith.

   (d) Rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted before amendment of
the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (i) the
Company requests the consent of the person to whom the Stock Award was granted
and (ii) such person consents in writing.

   (e) The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the terms of any
one or more Stock Award; provided, however, that the rights and obligations
under any Stock Award shall not be impaired by any such amendment unless (i) the
Company requests the consent of the person to whom the Stock Award was granted
and (ii) such person consents in writing.

14. TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE PLAN.

   (a) The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner
terminated, the Plan shall terminate on the day before the tenth (10th)
anniversary of the date the Plan is adopted by the Board or approved by the
stockholders of the Company, whichever is


                                       20.

<PAGE>

earlier. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is
suspended or after it is terminated.

   (b) Rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan is in
effect shall not be altered or impaired by suspension or termination of the
Plan, except with the consent of the person to whom the Stock Award was granted.

15. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.

   The Plan shall become effective upon adoption by the Board.


                                       21.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
