<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>w82516exv2w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOVATION AGREE. AMONG ANNUITY & XL & FED. KEMPER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.6

                               NOVATION AGREEMENT

      THIS NOVATION AGREEMENT is made as of December 31,2002 (the "Novation
Date") among Annuity and Life Reassurance, Ltd ("ALRe"), XL Life Ltd ("XL"), and
Federal Kemper Life Assurance Company ("Ceding Company").

      WHEREAS, ALRe and Ceding Company are parties to the reinsurance agreements
(the "Subject Agreements") set forth in Schedule A hereto; and

      WHEREAS, as of December 31, 2002, the parties to this Novation Agreement
have agreed to novate the Subject Agreements by substituting XL for AIRe as
reinsurer thereunder, such that XL will assume all of ALRe's interests, rights,
duties, obligations, and liabilities under the Subject Agreements and that ALRe
shall be released and discharged from any further liability or obligations
whatsoever thereunder; and

      WHEREAS, Ceding Company wishes to consent and agree to such novation.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the following
mutual terms, conditions, covenants, and agreements, the parties agree that on
the Novation Date, but effective as to each Subject Agreement on the inception
date thereof, XL is hereby substituted as the Reinsurer under each of the
Subject Agreements in place and instead of ALRe. XL and Ceding Company hereby
ratify and confirm that the Subject Agreements shall be treated as always having
been agreements solely between them. In implementation and not in limitation of
the foregoing, the parties further agree as follows:

      1.    From and after the Novation Date, but effective as to each Subject
            Agreement on the inception date thereof, XL hereby assumes all of
            ALRe's interests, rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities under
            the Subject Agreements, and XL shall be bound by all terms and
            conditions of the Subject Agreements.

      2.    Performance and/or breach prior to the Novation Date by ALRe shall
            after the Novation Date be treated for all purposes as having been
            performance or breach by XL.

      3.    Effective as of the Novation Date, Ceding Company hereby releases
            and discharges ALRe from and against any and all duties,
            obligations, and/or liabilities whatsoever, express or implied,
            under or in connection with the Subject Agreements and shall look
            solely to XL for performance thereof.

      4.    From and after the Novation Date, the Ceding Company shall have no
            further duties, obligations, and/or liabilities whatsoever, express
            or implied, to ALRe under or in connection with the Subject
            Agreements, but any such duties, obligations, and/or liabilities
            theretofore existing shall continue as duties, obligations, and/or
            liabilities of the Ceding Company to XL.

      5.    Notwithstanding anything contained in this Novation Agreement or in
            the Subject Agreements, the Ceding Company shall not have the right
            to cede any new business, new issues, future issuances or further
            new reinsurance policies under the Subject Agreements after the
            Novation Date. This exclusion shall include, without limitation,
            policies with an effective date after the Novation Date,
            non-mandatory renewals of policies in effect prior to the Novation
            Date and non-mandatory changes to policies in effect prior to the
            Novation Date that increase the insurance provided thereunder.
<PAGE>
      6.    Each party agrees to do all things as may be necessary to give full
            effect to this Novation Agreement.

      7.    This Novation Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
            upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

      8.    This Novation Agreement shall be subject to the arbitration
            provisions of the Subject Agreements and shall be governed by and
            construed in accordance with the laws applicable to the Subject
            Agreements.

      9.    This Novation Agreement may be executed in counterparts.

      10.   This Novation Agreement will become effective when it has been
            executed in Bermuda by XL after having been executed by ALRe and the
            Ceding Company.

      11.   The Novation Date will not occur unless and until the Ceding Company
            shall have received (including by facsimile transmission) a letter
            of credit (the "Letter of Credit") in the amount of US $ 42,500,000
            in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto issued by the banks
            listed in Exhibit B and XL shall have received in Bermuda (including
            by facsimile transmission) a receipt for the Letter of Credit in the
            form of Exhibit C hereto, provided that if these conditions to the
            occurrence of the Novation Date are satisfied, the Novation Date
            shall be December 31, 2002.

      12.   Simultaneous to item 11 above, the assets of the reserve trusts
            provided for in Subject Agreements shall be transferred as set forth
            in the letter agreement among ALRe, XLFA, the Ceding Company and
            Mellon Bank, as trustee attached hereto as Exhibit A.
<PAGE>
              IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Novation
Agreement as of December 31, 2002.

ANNUITY AND LIFE REASSURANCE, LTD.

By:/s/ R Reale                             By: /s/ Rod Cordle
  -----------------------------------         ----------------------------------
Title:  SVP & CU                           Title:  VP
Date:   12/31/2002                         Date:   12/31/02


FEDERAL KEMPER LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY

By: /s/ Steven A. Moorhead                 By: /s/  Lance Wagner
  -----------------------------------         ----------------------------------
Title: SVP                                 Title: SVP
Date:  December 31, 2002                   Date:  12/31/02


XL LIFE LTD
By: /s/ Paul Giordano                      By: /s/ [Signature Illegible]
  -----------------------------------         ----------------------------------
Title: Secretary                           Title: Vice President
Date:  31 Dec 2002                         Date:  31 Dec 2002
<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE A

                               SUBJECT AGREEMENTS

-     Term Life Coinsurance Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal
      Kemper Life Assurance Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #l effective January 1, 200l to the Term Life Coinsurance
      Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #2 effective December 1, 200l to the Term Life Coinsurance
      Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #3 effective January 1, 200l to the Term Life Coinsurance
      Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #4 effective January 1, 2002 to the Term Life Coinsurance
      Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #5 effective January 1, 2002 to the Term Life Coinsurance
      Agreement effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     Amendment #8 effective July 1, 2002 to the Term Life Coinsurance Agreement
      effective April 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance Company and
      Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

-     In Force YRT Reinsurance Agreement effective October 1, 2000, between
      Federal Kemper Life Assurance Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance,
      Ltd.

-     Amendment Effective December 1, 200l to the In Force YRT Reinsurance
      Agreement effective October 1, 2000, between Federal Kemper Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
