<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>w82516exv2w10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NOVATION AGREE. AMONG ANNUITY & XL LIFE & EMPIRE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 2.10


                        NOVATION AND AMENDMENT AGREEMENT

            THIS NOVATION AGREEMENT is made as of December 31, 2002 (the
"Novation Date") among Annuity and Life Reassurance, Ltd ("ALRe"), XL Life Ltd
("XL"), and Empire General Life Assurance Corporation ("Ceding Company").

            WHEREAS, ALRe and Ceding Company are parties to the reinsurance
agreements (the "Subject Agreements") set forth in Schedule A hereto; and

            WHEREAS, as of December 31, 2002, the parties to this Novation
Agreement have agreed to novate the Subject Agreements by substituting XL for
ALRe as reinsurer thereunder, such that XL will assume all of ALRe's interests,
rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities under the Subject Agreements and
that ALRe shall be released and discharged from any further liability or
obligations whatsoever thereunder; and

            WHEREAS, Ceding Company wishes to consent and agree to such
novation.

            NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the
following mutual terms, conditions, covenants, and agreements, the parties agree
that on the Novation Date, but effective as to each Subject Agreement on the
inception date thereof, XL is hereby substituted as the Reinsurer under each of
the Subject Agreements in place and instead of ALRe. XL and Ceding Company
hereby ratify and confirm that the Subject Agreements shall be treated as always
having been agreements solely between them. In implementation and not in
limitation of the foregoing, the parties further agree as follows:

      1.    From and after the Novation Date, but effective as to each Subject
            Agreement on the inception date thereof, XL hereby assumes all of
            ALRe's interests, rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities under
            the Subject Agreements, and XL shall be bound by all terms and
            conditions of the Subject Agreements.

      2.    Performance and/or breach prior to the Novation Date by ALRe shall
            after the Novation Date be treated for all purposes as having been
            performance or breach by XL.

      3.    Effective as of the Novation Date, Ceding Company hereby releases
            and discharges ALRe from and against any and all duties,
            obligations, and/or liabilities whatsoever, express or implied,
            under or in connection with the Subject Agreements and shall look
            solely to XL for performance thereof.

      4.    From and after the Novation Date, the Ceding Company shall have no
            further duties, obligations, and/or liabilities whatsoever, express
            or implied, to ALRe under or in connection with the Subject
            Agreements, but any such duties, obligations, and/or liabilities
            theretofore existing shall continue as duties, obligations, and/or
            liabilities of the Ceding Company to XL.

      5.    Notwithstanding anything contained in this Novation Agreement or in
            the Subject Agreements, the Ceding Company shall not have the right
            to cede any new business, new issues, future issuances or further
            new reinsurance policies under the Subject Agreements after the
            Novation Date except for conversions, new issues, issuances or
            reinsurance policies pursuant to the Ceding Company's contractual
            obligations contained in the policies and contracts reinsured by
            ALRe under the Subject Agreements. This exclusion shall include,
            without limitation, policies with an effective date after the
            Novation Date, non-mandatory renewals of policies in effect prior to
            the Novation Date and non-
<PAGE>
                                       -2-


            mandatory changes to policies in effect prior to the Novation Date
            that increase the insurance provided thereunder.

      6.    Each party agrees to do all things as may be necessary to give full
            effect to this Novation Agreement.

      7.    This Novation Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
            upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

      8.    This Novation Agreement shall be subject to the arbitration
            provisions of the Subject Agreements and shall be governed by and
            construed in accordance with the laws applicable to the Subject
            Agreements.

      9.    The assets of the reserve trusts provided for in Subject Agreements
            shall be transferred as set forth in the letter agreement among
            ALRe, XLFA, the Ceding Company and Mellon Bank, as trustee attached
            hereto as Exhibit A.

      10.   This Novation Agreement may be executed in counterparts.

      11.   This Novation Agreement will become effective when it has been
            executed in Bermuda by XL after having been executed by ALRe and the
            Ceding Company.

      12.   [Intentionally omitted.]

      13.   Effective immediately prior to the Novation Date, each of the
            Subject Agreements is hereby amended as follows:

            (a)   A new paragraph is inserted as a third paragraph of Section 4
            as follows:

                  "CEDING COMPANY may, by notice given to ANNUITY & LIFE RE on
                  or prior to March 1, 2003, recapture all risks ceded hereunder
                  and under the other Subject Agreements (as defined in the
                  Novation and Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 31,
                  2002, among the parties hereto and XL Life Ltd.) and terminate
                  this Agreement and the other Subject Agreements as to both new
                  business and then existing reinsurance effective as of January
                  1, 2003 (the "Recapture Date"). Promptly after the notice,
                  ANNUITY & LIFE RE shall pay CEDING COMPANY an amount equal to
                  the Recapture Fee plus unearned premiums net of unearned
                  allowances on the business reinsured under this Agreement,
                  less any claim payments made by ANNUITY & LIFE RE to CEDING
                  COMPANY after the Recapture Date. Upon receipt of or
                  simultaneously with such payment, CEDING COMPANY will return
                  to ANNUITY & LIFE RE any letters of credit held by it
                  hereunder, will join in instructing any trustee to pay the
                  balance in any trust agreement then held hereunder to or upon
                  the direction of ANNUITY & LIFE RE, and will, as of the
                  Recapture Date, release and discharge ANNUITY & LIFE RE from
                  any and all duties, obligations, and/or liabilities
                  whatsoever, express or implied, under or in connection with
                  this Agreement. For purposes of this Section, the "Recapture
                  Fee" for this Agreement and the other Subject Agreements shall
                  be an amount equal to $4 million."

            (b)   Each of the last paragraph of Section 27(d) and the last
            paragraph of Section 28(e), as previously amended, is deleted in its
            entirety and the following sentences are substituted in the place
            thereof:
<PAGE>
                                       -3-


                  "CEDING COMPANY agrees to return to ANNUITY LIFE & RE any
                  amounts withdrawn which are in excess of the actual amounts
                  required for i, ii, iii, and v above, or in the case of iv,
                  such amounts that are in excess of the amounts ultimately
                  determined to be due under this Agreement. ANNUITY & LIFE RE
                  is obligated hereunder to maintain either letters of credit
                  complying with regulatory requirements, including requirements
                  for reserve credit, applicable to CEDING COMPANY ("Qualifying
                  Letters of Credit") or trust funds complying with such
                  requirements ("Qualifying Trust Funds") or a combination
                  thereof in an amount (the "Required Security") equal to 102%
                  of the amount, as of the most recent quarter end, of the
                  deduction for reinsurance ceded from CEDING COMPANY's
                  liabilities for policies ceded under this Agreement,
                  including, without limitation, amounts for policy reserves,
                  reserves for claims and losses incurred (including losses
                  incurred but not reported), loss adjustment expenses and
                  unearned premiums. If at any time a letter of credit delivered
                  to CEDING COMPANY hereunder ceases to be a Qualifying Letter
                  of Credit, ANNUITY & LIFE RE shall replace it with a
                  Qualifying Letter of Credit or Qualifying Trust Funds. If
                  CEDING COMPANY draws down such amounts pursuant to item iii
                  above, then CEDING COMPANY (x) will hold such amounts without
                  segregation in a notional account, (y) will credit interest on
                  the balance in such account daily at an interest rate per
                  annum equal to the Applicable Rate, adding the interest to the
                  principal balance of the notional account, and (z) will pay
                  over such interest to ANNUITY & LIFE RE only to the extent
                  after giving effect thereto the balance in the notional
                  account is not less than the then Required Security. For
                  purposes of this Section, the term "Applicable Rate" shall
                  mean the prime rate determined for each month on the first
                  business day of such month, except that if, at the time CEDING
                  COMPANY draws down such amounts pursuant to item iii above,
                  ANNUITY & LIFE RE has failed to deliver and maintain
                  Qualifying Letters of Credit in the requisite face amount or,
                  in the case of Letters of Credit that are to expire within
                  five (5) business days, replacement Qualifying Letters of
                  Credit in the requisite amount, then the Applicable Rate shall
                  be the targeted Federal Funds Rate as announced from time to
                  time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
                  If ANNUITY & LIFE RE thereafter cures such failure to deliver
                  or maintain Letters of Credit or replacement Letters of Credit
                  by delivery of Qualifying Letters of Credit or replacement
                  Qualifying Letters of Credit in the requisite amount, CEDING
                  COMPANY shall, against such delivery, pay ANNUITY & LIFE RE an
                  amount equal to the lesser of (x) the Required Security and
                  (y) the face amount of the Qualifying Letters or Credit or
                  replacement Qualifying Letters of Credit."

      14.   The novation will not occur unless and until the Ceding Company
            shall have received a letter of credit (the "Letter of Credit") in
            the amount of $44,000,000.00 in substantially the form of Exhibit B
            hereto issued by the banks listed in Exhibit B and XL shall have
            received in Bermuda (including by facsimile transmission) a receipt
            for the Letter of Credit in the form of Exhibit C hereto, provided
            that if these conditions to the occurrence of the novation are
            satisfied, the Novation Date shall be December 31, 2002.
<PAGE>
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Novation Agreement
as of December 31, 2002.

ANNUITY AND  LIFE REASSURANCE, LTD.

By: /s/ R Reale                         By: /s/ Rod Cordle
   -------------------------------         -------------------------------

Title: SVP & CU                         Title: VP
      ----------------------------            ----------------------------

Date:  12/31/2002                       Date: 12/31/02
     -----------------------------           -----------------------------


EMPIRE GENERAL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY

By: /s/ [Signature Illegible]           By: /s/ [Signature Illegible]
   -------------------------------         -------------------------------

Title:                                  Title:
      ----------------------------            ----------------------------

Date:                                   Date:
     -----------------------------           -----------------------------


XL LIFE LTD

By: /s/ Paul Giordano                   By: /s/ [Signature Illegible]
   -------------------------------         -------------------------------

Title: Secretary                        Title: Vice President
      ----------------------------            ----------------------------

Date:  31 DEC 2002                      Date:  31 DEC 2002
     -----------------------------           -----------------------------
<PAGE>
                                                                      Schedule A

                               SUBJECT AGREEMENTS

1.    Automatic and Facultative Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement
      effective January 1, 2000 between Empire General Life Assurance Company
      and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd., covering level term policies.

2.    Amendment effective July 1, 2000 to the Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance
      Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance Company and Annuity & Life
      Reassurance, Ltd.

3.    Amendment effective August 1, 2000 to the Yearly Renewable Term
      Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance Company and
      Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

4.    Automatic and Facultative Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement
      effective October 1, 2000 between Empire General Life Assurance Company
      and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd., covering level term policies.

5.    Amendment effective February 1, 2001 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly
      Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance
      Company and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

6.    Amendment effective March 12, 2001 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly Renewable
      Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance Company
      and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

7.    Amendment effective June 4, 2001 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly Renewable
      Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance Company
      and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

8.    Amendment effective September 17, 2001 to the January 1, 2000 Yearly
      Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance
      Corporation and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

9.    Amendment effective September 17, 2001 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly
      Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance
      Corporation and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.

10.   Amendment effective November 5, 2001 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly
      Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance
      Corporation and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.
<PAGE>
                                                                      Schedule A

11.   Amendment effective July 1, 2002 to the October 1, 2000 Yearly Renewable
      Term Reinsurance Agreement between Empire General Life Assurance
      Corporation and Annuity & Life Reassurance, Ltd.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
