<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.13
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>w82516exv2w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REINSURANCE TERMINATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 2.13

                        RENSURANCE TERMINATION AGREEMENT

      REINSURANCE TERMINATION AGREEMENT ("Termination Agreement") entered into
between ANNUITY AND LIFE REASSURANCE LTD. (hereinafter referred to as "ALRe")
and VIVA REASSURANCE LTD. (hereinafter referred to as "Viva") made this 3lst
day of December, 2002. All defined terms used herein that are not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Agreement as
defined below.

      WHEREAS Viva entered into a Reinsurance Agreement with ALRe dated as of
August 13, 2001, as amended as of October 11, 2001 and December 4, 2002, (the
"Agreement") whereby Viva, in consideration of payment of premium, agreed to
reinsure certain liabilities of ALRe;

      WHEREAS pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Agreement, ALRe is exercising its
right to Recapture all of the Business such that the Agreement will be
terminated pursuant to Section 3.01(c) of the Agreement, and

      WHEREAS Viva has agreed to waive its right to receive 30 days' prior
written notice in connection with the Recapture;

      WHEREAS in connection with the Recapture, Viva and ALRe desire to
terminate this Agreement on December 31, 2002 and fully and finally to settle
and commute all of their present and future obligations, claims, debts and
liabilities known and unknown arising under or in respect of the Agreement; and


<PAGE>
      WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Agreement, the parties agree that
all funds released from the Reserve Trusts, except for the Reserve Trust
established for Metropolitan Life Companies which shall be recaptured, shall be
distributed in accordance with the terms of the Custody and Control Agreement
(as defined in that certain Master Agreement among ALRe, Viva and XL Life LTD.
dated as of December 31, 2002, the "Master Agreement").

      NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1.    Recapture and Termination. ALRe is hereby exercising its right to
      Recapture pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Agreement and the Agreement is
      terminated pursuant to Section 3.01(c) thereof.


2.    Termination Accounting and Settlement.


      (a)   Waiver of Section 5.01 Termination Accounting and Settlement. Viva
            and ALRe agree to waive the termination accounting and settlement
            provision in Section 5.01 of the Agreement.


      (b)   Viva Deposit and Expenses. With respect to Viva, the parties agree
            as follows:


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

            (i)   The Viva deposits in the amount of $147,178,371.76 will be
                  wired to the Bank of America in full satisfaction of the
                  Credit Facility pursuant to the Master Agreement.

            (ii)  Viva will transfer a deposit of approximately $1,200,000 into
                  the Bank of Bermuda account of Viva (Account #812025) (the
                  "Deposit").

            (iii) Viva may use the Deposit as repayment for Qualifying Expenses
                  as such term is defined in the Agreement that it has incurred
                  and has paid or is going to pay and which have not been
                  reimbursed by ALRe under the Agreement up to December 31,
                  2002, and to pay any "Additional Qualifying Expenses" as
                  defined further below going forward.

            (iv)  After December 31, 2002, Additional Qualifying Expenses will
                  include all Qualifying Expenses as such term is defined in the
                  Agreement as if the Agreement remained in place until January
                  31, 2003, plus expenses and costs incurred in connection with
                  this Termination Agreement and the Master Agreement, and any
                  additional expenses incurred by Viva directly relating to the
                  winding up of Viva and return of capital to Viva shareholders.

            (v)   There will be a reconciliation on February 15, 2003 (the
                  "Reconciliation Date"). Any funds remaining from the Deposit
                  at that date that are in excess of any Qualifying Expenses or
                  Additional Quali-


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

                  fying Expenses incurred but not yet paid shall be repaid to
                  ALRe on the Reconciliation Date. If the Deposit has been
                  insufficient to meet all Qualifying Expenses or Additional
                  Qualifying Expenses paid or incurred by the Reconciliation
                  Date, ALRe will make a payment to Viva on the Reconciliation
                  Date equal to the Qualifying Expenses or Additional Qualifying
                  Expenses incurred or paid by Viva to that date in excess of
                  the Deposit.

            (vi)  If any further Qualifying Expenses or Additional Qualifying
                  Expenses (which will include for this purpose amounts in
                  excess of estimates or incurred costs used in (v) above) are
                  paid by Viva after February 15, 2003, ALRe agrees to reimburse
                  Viva for such payments.

      (c)   ALRe Deposit. The parties agree that Viva shall return the ALRe
            deposit in the amount of $41,250,000 and that such amount will be
            delivered by wire transfer to an account pursuant to the terms of
            the Master Agreement.

3.    Final Settlement. ALRe and Viva agree that the termination accounting and
      settlement procedure set forth in paragraph 2 shall constitute a final
      settlement of any and all of ALRe's and Viva's liability and the Agreement
      shall be terminated, and neither Viva nor ALRe shall have any rights or
      obligations thereunder, except to the extent provided in this Termination
      Agreement.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

4.    Release by ALRe. If and when the payments referred to in paragraph 1
      herein shall have been fully and duly made by the parties hereto, then the
      parties shall release and forever discharge each other, each others
      agents, successors and assigns, and each others directors, officers and
      employees from any and all liabilities and obligations arising under or
      related to the Agreement, whether such liabilities are known or unknown
      reported or unreported, and whether currently existing or arising in the
      future, including but not limited to, all claims, debts, demands, causes
      of action, duties, sums of money, covenants, contracts, controversies,
      agreements, promises, doings, omissions, damages, judgments, costs,
      expenses and losses whatsoever arising under or related to the Agreement,
      provided, however, that this release does not discharge obligations which
      have been undertaken by the terms of this Termination Agreement.

5.    Waiver by Viva. In connection with ALRe's exercise of its Recapture right,
      Viva hereby waives its right to receive 30 days written notice as provided
      for in Section 3.03 of the Agreement and acknowledges that exercise of the
      Recapture is effective against it.

6.    Successors and Assigns. The rights, duties and obligations set forth
      herein shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any and all
      predecessors, successors, liquidators, receivers and assigns of the
      parties hereto.

7.    Entire Agreement. This Termination Agreement shall constitute the entire
      agreement between the parties as it relates to the subject matter herein.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

8.    Amendments. This Termination Agreement may not be modified or amended,
      except by an instrument in writing, signed by the parties hereto.

9.    Representations and Warranties. Viva and ALRe each expressly represent and
      warrant that: (a) it is a corporation duly organized and in good standing
      in its jurisdiction of incorporation; (b) this Termination Agreement has
      been duly authorized, executed and delivered by and on behalf of it and
      constitutes its legal, valid and binding agreement; (c) no authorization,
      consent or approval of any governmental entity is required in connection
      with the execution, delivery or performance by it of this Termination
      Agreement; and (d) the execution, delivery or performance by it of this
      Termination Agreement does not and will not conflict with, or result in
      any material breach or violation of, its organizational documents or any
      agreements to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets are
      bound.

10.   Confidentiality. The parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of this
      Termination Agreement and its terms, but when necessary or required either
      party may disclose same to the party's auditors, reinsurers, governing
      regulatory bodies, or third parties in court proceedings and arbitrations
      in connection with mandatory discovery requirements or in connection with
      an required insurance regulatory or state or federal securities law
      filings. Either party may also disclose this Termination Agreement and its
      terms under other circumstances if it obtains the prior written consent of
      the other party for such disclosure, which consent shall not be
      unreasonably withheld. Either


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

      party disclosing this Termination Agreement in a manner permitted by this
      paragraph will take all reasonable precautions to protect its
      confidentiality.


11.   Governing Law. This Termination Agreement shall be interpreted under and
      governed by the substantive laws of Bermuda.


12.   Execution of Instruments. Viva and ALRe hereby agree to execute promptly
      any and all supplemental agreements, releases, affidavits, waivers and
      other documents of any nature or kind which the other party may reasonably
      require in order to implement the provisions or objectives of this
      Termination Agreement.


13.   Execution in Counterparts. This Termination Agreement may be executed in
      multiple counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered shall
      be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute one and
      the same instrument and agreement.


14.   Interpretation. The description heading herein are inserted for
      convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to
      affect the meaning or interpretation of this Termination Agreement.


                  [remainder of page intentionally left blank]


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this TERMINATION
AGREEMENT in duplicate, as of the day and year first written above.

ANNUITY AND LIFE REASSURANCE LTD.



BY: /s/ R Reale                         WITNESS: /s/ [Signature Illegible]
   ----------------------------                 ------------------------------
TITLE: SVP & CU
      -------------------------


VIVA REASSURANCE LTD.



BY: /s/ M. D. Hamer                     WITNESS: /s/ [Signature Illegible]
   ----------------------------                 ------------------------------
TITLE: Director
      -------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
