<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c73945exv10w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 7, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

C2, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                 700 N. Water Street, Suite 1200
                                                      Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202
                                                        Telephone (414) 291-9000
                                                        Facsimile (414) 291-9061

                                  NEWS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                CONTACT: WILLIAM T. DONOVAN
JANUARY 7, 2003                                                PRESIDENT AND CEO
                                                                  (414) 291-9000

              C2, INC. ACQUIRES REMAINING 29.4% OF ZERO ZONE, INC.

         Milwaukee, WI - C2, Inc. (Nasdaq:CTOO) announced today it has acquired
the 29.4 percent minority interest in Zero Zone, Inc. that it did not previously
own. The consideration paid to the minority interest holders, all of whom are
current members of Zero Zone's management team, was 190,000 shares of C2, Inc.
common stock. The share exchange was based on the recent 20-day average trading
price of C2's shares valuing the transaction at approximately $2,500,000. These
shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and, as such,
after 12 months dispositions would be subject to Rule 144. Zero Zone is now a
wholly-owned subsidiary of C2, Inc.

         Commenting on the announcement, William T. Donovan, C2 President and
CEO, said, "This exchange is very much a win-win for C2 and the management team
of Zero Zone. It consolidates the ownership of Zero Zone which has a number of
beneficial factors for C2. This transaction is immediately accretive and
expected to be highly accretive in 2003 given Zero Zone's outlook for
significant growth in revenues and earnings. We also believe the objectives of
the original acquisition structure in which Zero Zone's management team acquired
a direct ownership stake have been achieved and the exchange of the remaining
interest into C2 shares better aligns this team with C2's strategic goals."

C2, INC. IS A MILWAUKEE-BASED PUBLIC COMPANY WITH TWO OPERATING BUSINESSES,
TOTAL LOGISTIC CONTROL AND ZERO ZONE.

TOTAL LOGISTIC CONTROL

         TLC, based in Zeeland, Michigan, is a national provider of integrated
logistic services which include refrigerated and dry warehousing, transportation
operations, supply chain management, dedicated third-party facility and
operations management, food distribution, packaging and fulfillment services.
Operations are conducted through a network of 38 logistic




<PAGE>
                                                         C2, INC. - NEWS RELEASE
                                                                 JANUARY 7, 2003
                                                                     PAGE 2 OF 2

centers with 36.3 million cubic feet of refrigerated  capacity and over
3 million square feet of dry warehouse space making it the tenth largest
provider of refrigerated warehousing services in the United States. TLC operates
a fleet of over 380 tractors with over 600 refrigerated and dry trailers and 5
transportation terminals. TLC recently was cited by Inbound Logistics as a Top
10 Provider of Third Party Logistics Excellence for the fifth year in a row. TLC
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of C2, Inc. More information about TLC is available
at www.totallogistic.com.

ZERO ZONE

         Zero Zone, headquartered in North Prairie, Wisconsin is a manufacturer
of refrigerated and freezer display cases used in grocery, convenience and drug
store chains for retail merchandising of food, beverage and floral products. In
2002, Zero Zone acquired Zero Zone Refrigeration which manufactures
refrigeration houses and racks to power and control the refrigeration systems,
electrical panels, air conditioning and stand-by power for supermarkets,
convenience stores and industrial applications. Zero Zone is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of C2, Inc. More information about Zero Zone is available at
www.zero-zone.com.

The statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are
forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from
management's expectations. The forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties, including but not limited to:

     -    Demand for warehousing, transportation, logistic services,
          refrigerated display and refrigeration control systems cases may be
          adversely affected by increases in interest rates, adverse economic
          conditions, increased energy costs, loss of a material customer,
          weather or other factors.
     -    Growth in volume of services or products may be adversely affected by
          reduced ability to identify and hire qualified employees.
     -    The Company's profitability may be adversely affected by increases in
          interest rates because a significant portion of the Company's capital
          structure is debt, a portion which bears interest at variable interest
          rates.
     -    The Company's profitability may be adversely affected by performance
          which does not meet standards established in contractual agreements
          relating to transportation operations, logistics management, dedicated
          facility operations and product warranty.
     -    Consolidation within the food industry or food retailers could
          negatively impact the Company's customers.
     -    The Company's market share may be adversely affected as a result of
          new or increased competitive conditions in warehousing, transportation
          or display case and refrigeration control systems manufacturing.

Additional information about risks and uncertainties discussed above as well as
additional material risks in the Company's business may be found in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 2001 and other filings the
Company made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         This and other C2, Inc. news releases and additional corporate data can
be found on C2's website at www.c2-inc.com.

                                      ###


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
