<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 2.1


                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     AGREEMENT  AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement")made as of this 27th day of
                                          ---------
December,  2002,  by and among Famous Fixins Inc., a New York corporation having
its  principal  place of business at 1325 Howard Avenue, Suite #422, Burlingame,
California  94010  ("Famous  Fixins"),  FIXN  Acquisition  Sub, Inc., a Delaware
                     --------------
corporation  ("FIXN  SUB"),  Warning Model Management, LLC, a California limited
               ---------
liability  company  having  its principal place of business at 9440 Santa Monica
Blvd  South,  Suite  400,  Beverly  Hills,  California  90210  ("WMM"),  Stephan
                                                                 ---
Chamberlain  (the  "WMM  Managing  Member")  and  all  of  the  members  of WMM.
                    ---------------------


     CAPITALIZED  TERM  USED  IN  THIS AGREEMENT AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED SHALL
HAVE  THE  MEANINGS  ASCRIBED  TO  SUCH  TERMS  IN  SECTION  27.


     WHEREAS,  WMM  shall acquire 100% of the common stock of FIXN SUB, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Famous Fixins, upon the merger of FIXN SUB with and into WMM
in  exchange  for a combination of convertible debentures plus fifty-one percent
(51%)  of  the  issued  and  authorized  Famous  Fixins  Common  Stock;  and

     WHEREAS,  Famous  Fixins  is  authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of its
common stock, par  value  $0.001 per share (the "Famous Fixins Common Stock") of
                                             --------------------------
which 23,360,179  shares  are  issued  and outstanding (the "Outstanding Famous
                                                       -------------------------
Fixins Common  Stock");  and
---------------------

     WHEREAS,  FIXN  SUB  is  a  wholly owned subsidiary of Famous Fixins and is
authorized  to issue 200 shares of common stock, par value $.001 (referred to as
the  "FIXN  SUB  Shares"),  all  of  which  such  FIXN SUB Shares are issued and
      -----------------
outstanding  and  owned  by  Famous  Fixins;  and


     WHEREAS,  the  respective Boards of Directors of Famous Fixins and FIXN SUB
and  the  Managing  Member  deem it advisable and generally to the advantage and
welfare  of  the Companies, and their respective shareholders, that (i) FIXN SUB
be merged with and into WMM under the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth
(the "Merger") and to be a tax free reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(A) of
 -----------
the  Code;  and

     NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, covenants and conditions
hereof,  the  parties  hereto  do  mutually  agree  as  follows:

1.     Vote  on  Merger and Related Matters.  The Constituent Corporations shall
       ------------------------------------
each, as soon as practicable but prior to closing, and in no event later than 10
days  after  the execution and delivery hereof, (i) cause a special meeting
of its shareholders or members, as the case may be, to be called to consider and
vote  upon the Merger on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, or (ii)
obtain  written  consent  of  such shareholders or members, as applicable, as is
necessary  to  approve  the  Merger.  Subject  to  the  further  conditions  and


                                        3
<PAGE>
provisions  of  this  Agreement,  a  closing  of  the  Merger shall be held (the
"Closing"),  and  a certificate of merger and all other documents or instruments
---------
deemed necessary or appropriate by the parties hereto to effect the Merger shall
be executed and filed with the Secretaries of States of the States of California
and  Delaware as promptly as possible thereafter.  The certificate of merger for
the  Merger (the "Certificate of Merger") so filed shall be substantially in the
                  ---------------------
forms  of  Exhibits  A1  and A2 annexed hereto, with such changes therein as the
           --------------------
Boards  of  Directors  of  the  Constituent Corporations shall mutually approve.


2.     Representations,  Warranties  and  Covenants  of  WMM.   WMM  and the WMM
       ------------------------------------------------------
Managing  Member(s),  jointly  and severally, represent, warrant and covenant as
follows,  except  to  the  extent  set  forth on the WMM Schedule of Exceptions:

     (a)  WMM  is,  and  on  the  Effective Date will be, a duly organized and a
validly  existing  limited  liability company in good standing under the laws of
California  and  in  such other jurisdictions as it is qualified to do business.
Each  WMM  Membership Interest, including the name of the Member and address for
notice  of  the  applicable Member is set fort on the WMM Schedule of Exceptions
("Outstanding  WMM  Membership  Interests").  All  Outstanding  WMM  Membership
  ---------------------------------------
Interests,  on  the  Effective  Date,  will  be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully  paid  and  nonassessable.  There  are no, and on the Effective Date there
will  be  no,  issued or outstanding rights, options or warrants to purchase any
equity interest in WMM, including but not limited to any membership interests of
WMM or any other issued or outstanding securities of any nature convertible
into  or  exercisable  or  exchangeable  for  membership  interests  of  WMM, as
applicable.  The  Outstanding  WMM  Membership  Interests  have  all been issued
pursuant  to  an appropriate exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities  Act and from any applicable registration requirements of the various
states.

     (b)  WMM  does  not  have,  and  on  the  Effective Date will not have, any
subsidiaries,  nor  does  it  own  any  direct or indirect interest in any other
business  entity.

     (c)  WMM has, and on the Effective Date will have, full power and authority
to  enter into this Agreement and, subject to any required Member or other third
party  approval  in  accordance  with  the  laws  of the State of California, to
consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This  Agreement  and  the
transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly approved by the Managing Member
and,  prior  to  the  Closing,  by  the  Members.

     (d)  WMM is qualified or licensed as a foreign limited liability company in
all  jurisdictions where its business or ownership of assets so requires, except
where  the failure to be qualified or licensed would not have a material adverse
effect  on  the  business of WMM.  The business of WMM does not require it to be
registered  as  an  investment  company or investment adviser, as such terms are
defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the Investment Advisers Act
of  1940,  each  as  amended.


                                        4
<PAGE>

     (e)     The  financial  statements of WMM, consisting of its Balance Sheets
as  of  WMM's  fiscal  year-end  December  31,  2001  and December 31, 2000, its
Statement  of  Income  (Loss)  for  the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001 and
2000, its Statement of Member's Equity for the two years ended December 31, 2001
and  2000,  and its Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December
31,  2001  and  2000,  have  been  audited by independent public accountants and
fairly  present  the  financial  position,  results  of  operations  and  other
information  purported  to  be shown therein, at the date and for the respective
periods  to  which  they  apply.  The  interim  financial  statements  of  WMM,
consisting  of  its  Balance  Sheet  as  of  March  31,  2002, June 30, 2002 and
September  30,  2002,  and  its  Statements of Income (Loss) for the nine months
ended  September  30,  2002,  fairly  present the financial position, results of
operations  and  other  information purported to be shown therein of WMM, at the
date  and  for  the  respective periods to which they apply.  All such financial
statements  have  been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles  consistently  applied throughout the periods involved, and have been
adjusted  for  all normal and recurring accruals.  All such financial statements
(together,  the "Financial Statements") have been delivered to Famous Fixins and
                 --------------------
are  incorporated  herein  and  made  a  part  hereof.

     (f)  There has not been, and on the Effective Date there will not have been
in  the  aggregate,  any  material adverse change in the condition, financial or
otherwise,  of  WMM  from  that  set  forth  in  the  Financial  Statements.

     (g)  Except  for transactions occurring in the ordinary course of business,
there  has  not  been,  and  on the Effective Date there will not have been, any
transactions  involving  WMM  since September 30, 2002 in an amount in excess of
$25,000.

     (h)  There  are,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  be,  no  liabilities
(including,  but not limited to, tax liabilities) or claims against WMM (whether
such  liabilities  or  claims  are  contingent  or absolute, direct or indirect,
matured  or  unmatured)  not  appearing  on the Financial Statements, other than
liabilities  incurred  in  the  ordinary course of business or taxes incurred on
earnings  since  September  30,  2002.

                                        5
<PAGE>

     (i) All federal, state, county and local income, excise, property and other
tax  or information returns required to be filed by WMM have been filed, and all
required  taxes,  fees  or  assessments  have  been  paid or an adequate reserve
therefor  has  been  established in the Financial Statements. The federal income
tax  returns  and  state  and  foreign  income  tax returns of WMM have not been
audited by the IRS or any other taxing authority within the past five (5) years.
Neither  the IRS nor any state, local or other taxing authority has proposed any
additional  taxes,  interest  or  penalties  with respect to WMM or any of their
operations  or  businesses.  There  are  no pending, or to the knowledge of WMM,
threatened,  tax  claims  or  assessments,  and  there are no pending, or to the
knowledge  of  WMM,  threatened, tax examinations by any taxing authorities. WMM
has  not  given  any  waivers  of  rights  (which are currently in effect) under
applicable  statutes  of  limitations  with  respect  to  the federal income tax
returns  of  WMM,  for  any  year.

     (j)  Except  as  provided for in the Financial Statements, WMM, has, and on
the Effective Date will have, good and marketable title to all of its furniture,
fixtures,  equipment  and other assets as set forth in the Financial Statements,
and  such  assets  are  owned free and clear of all security interests, pledges,
liens,  restrictions  and  encumbrances  of every kind and nature, except as set
forth  in  the  Financial  Statements.

     (k)  WMM  is  the  owner  of  its  inventory  as set forth in the Financial
Statements  and  has  good  and  marketable  title  thereto.

     (l)  The  accounts  receivable  as  set  forth  in the Financial Statements
represent amounts due for goods sold or services rendered by WMM in the ordinary
course  of business and, except as reserved for in the Financial Statements, are
collectable  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.


                                        6
<PAGE>

     (m)  A  copy of all agreements, contracts, arrangements, understandings and
commitments,  whether  written or oral, to which WMM is or on the Effective Date
will  be, a party, or from which WMM will receive substantial benefits and which
are  material  to WMM (collectively, "Contracts"), have been delivered to Famous
                                      ---------
Fixins  and FIXN SUB.  A list of such Contracts is set forth on the WMM Schedule
of  Exceptions,  which  such  schedule shall be amended at the Effective Date to
reflect  any  Contracts  entered  into between the date hereof and the Effective
Date.  WMM  is  not  now, nor will be on the Effective Date, in material default
under  any  Contract.  The  validity  and  enforceability  of, and rights of WMM
contained  in,  each such Contract shall not be adversely effected by the Merger
or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  or any actions taken in furtherance
hereof.

     (n)  There  are,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  there  will  be, no legal,
administrative,  arbitral  or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental
investigations  of  any  nature  pending,  or to WMM's knowledge, as applicable,
threatened,  involving  WMM,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate  in  which an
unfavorable  determination  could  result  in suspension or termination of WMM's
business  or  authority  to  conduct  such business in any jurisdiction or could
result  in  the  payment by WMM of more than $25,000 individually or $100,000 in
the  aggregate,  or  challenging  the  validity or propriety of the transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and,  to  WMM's  best  knowledge, there is no
reasonable  basis  for  any  such  proceeding,  claim,  action  or  governmental
investigation.  WMM  is not a party to any order, judgment or decree which will,
or  might  reasonably  be expected to, materially adversely affect the business,
operations,  properties,  assets  or  financial  condition  of  WMM.

     (o)  Since  September  30,  2002 there have been, and through the Effective
Date  there  will  be (i) no bonuses or extraordinary compensation to any of the
officers,  Managing  Member  or  Members,  (ii)  no  loans  made to or any other
transactions  with  any  of  the  officers,  Managing Member or Members or their
families, and (iii) no dividends or other distributions declared or paid by WMM.

     (p)  WMM  has, and on the Effective Date will have, maintained casualty and
liability  policies  and  other  insurance policies with respect to its business
which are appropriate and customary for businesses similar in size, industry and
risk  profile. Copies of all of the policies of insurance and bonds presently in
force  with  respect  to  WMM,  including  without  limitation  those  covering
properties, buildings, machinery, equipment, worker's compensation, officers and
directors  and  public  liability, have been delivered to Famous Fixins and FIXN
SUB.  All  such  insurance is outstanding and in full force and effect, with all
premiums  thereon duly paid, and WMM has not received any notice of cancellation
of  any  such  policies.


                                        7
<PAGE>

     (q)  WMM  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date will have, no patents, patent
applications,  trademarks, trademark registrations or applications, trade names,
copyrights,  copyright  registrations  or  applications,  or  other intellectual
property.  WMM  does  not have knowledge of any infringements by it of any third
party's  intellectual  property.

     (r)  Since  its inception, WMM has, and on the Effective Date will have, in
all  material  respects  operated  its  business  and  conducted  its affairs in
compliance  with  all  applicable  laws, rules and regulations, except where the
failure  to  so comply did not have and would not be expected to have a material
adverse  effect  on  its  business  or  property.

     (s) There are, and on the Effective Date there will be, no loans, leases or
other Contracts outstanding between WMM and any of its officers, Managing Member
or  any  other  Member  or  any  person  related  to or affiliated with any such
officers  or  Managing  Member  or  any  other  Member.

     (t)  During  the past five year period neither WMM, nor any of its officers
or  Managing  Member, nor any person intended upon consummation of the Merger to
become  an  officer  or director of either WMM or Famous Fixins or any successor
entity  or  subsidiary,  has  been  the  subject  of:

          (i)  a  petition  under  the  Federal  bankruptcy  laws  or  any other
     insolvency  or  moratorium  law  or has a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
     officer  been  appointed  by a court for the business or property of WMM or
     such  person,  or  any  partnership  in  which WMM or any such person was a
     general  partner  at or within two years before the time of such filing, or
     any corporation or business association of which WMM or any such person was
     an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;


                                        8
<PAGE>
          (ii)  a  conviction  in  a criminal proceeding or a named subject of a
     pending  criminal  proceeding  (excluding  traffic  violations which do not
     relate  to  driving  while  intoxicated  or  driving  under the influence);

          (iii)  any  order,  judgment  or  decree,  not  subsequently reversed,
     suspended  or  vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
     or  temporarily  enjoining  WMM  or  any  such  person  from,  or otherwise
     limiting,  the  following  activities:

               (A)  acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker,
          commodity  trading  advisor,  commodity  pool  operator, floor broker,
          leverage  transaction  merchant,  any  other  person  regulated by the
          United  States  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission ("CFTC") or an
          associated  person  of  any  of  the  foregoing,  or  as an investment
          adviser,  underwriter,  broker  or  dealer  in  securities,  or  as an
          affiliated  person,  director  or  employee of any investment company,
          bank,  savings  and loan association or insurance company, or engaging
          in  or  continuing  any  conduct  or  practice in connection with such
          activity;

               (B)  engaging  in  any  type  of  business  practice;  or

               (C)  engaging  in any activity in connection with the purchase or
          sale  of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation
          of  Federal,  state  or  other  securities  laws  or commodities laws;

          (iv)  any  order,  judgment  or  decree,  not  subsequently  reversed,
     suspended  or  vacated,  of  any Federal, state or local authority barring,
     suspending  or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of WMM or
     any  such  person  to  engage  in  any  activity described in the preceding
     sub-paragraph,  or  to  be  associated  with  persons  engaged  in any such
     activity;

          (v)  a  finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
     or  by  the  Commission  to have violated any securities law, regulation or
     decree  and  the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission
     has  not  been  subsequently  reversed,  suspended  or  vacated;  or

          (vi)  a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
     or  by  the  CFTC  to  have  violated  any federal commodities law, and the
     judgment  in  such  civil  action  or  finding  by  the  CFTC  has not been
     subsequently  reversed,  suspended  or  vacated.

     (u)  WMM does not have any pension plan, profit sharing or similar employee
benefit  plan.

     (v)  Except  for  the consent and approval of the Members and the filing of
the  Certificate  of  Merger,  no  consents  or  approvals  of,  or  filings  or
registrations  with,  any  third  party  or  any  public  body  or authority are
necessary  in  connection  with  (i)  the  execution and delivery by WMM of this
Agreement and (ii) the consummation by WMM of the Merger and by WMM of all other
transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This  Agreement  has been duly executed and


                                        9
<PAGE>

delivered by WMM and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of WMM,
enforceable  against  it  in  accordance with the terms hereof, except as may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of
general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of rights hereunder
or  general  principles  of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered  in  a  proceeding  in  equity  or  at  law).

     (w)  WMM knows of no person who rendered any service in connection with the
introduction  of  Famous  Fixins, FIXN SUB or WMM to any of the other companies,
and  they know of no claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or similar type of fee
in  connection  with  the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

     (x)  No  employees  of  WMM are on strike or to the best of their knowledge
threatening  any  strike  or  work  stoppage.  WMM does not have any obligations
under any collective bargaining or labor union agreements nor is WMM involved in
any  material  controversy  with  any  of  its  employees  or  any  organization
representing  any  of  its  employees.

     (y)  None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or about WMM for
inclusion  or  incorporation by reference in any information supplied to holders
of  Famous  Fixins  Common  Stock  concerning  the  Merger,  contains any untrue
statement  of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the  circumstances  under  which  they  are  made,  not  misleading.

     (z)  The  execution and delivery by WMM of this Agreement, the consummation
and performance of the transactions herein contemplated, and compliance with the
terms  of this Agreement by WMM will not conflict with, result in a breach of or
constitute  or give rise to a default under (i) any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust  or other agreement, instrument or Contract to which WMM is now a party or
by  which  it or any of its assets or properties are bound; (ii) the Articles of
Organization  or  the  Operating  Agreement  of WMM, in each case as amended; or
(iii)  any law, order, rule, regulation, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of
any  government,  governmental  instrumentality  or  court, domestic or foreign,
having  jurisdiction  over WMM or any of its business or properties wherein such
breach  could  have  a  material adverse effect on WMM or any of its business or
properties.

     (aa)  To the best of its knowledge, WMM is not in violation of any federal,
state  or  local  environmental  law  or  regulation.

3.  Representations  and  Warranties  of  FIXN  SUB.   FIXN  SUB  represents and
    ------------------------------------------------
warrants  as  follows:

                                       10
<PAGE>


(a)     FIXN  SUB  is,  and  on the Effective Date will be, a duly organized and
validly  existing  corporation  in  good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware,  authorized  to issue only the FIXN SUB Shares.  On the Effective Date
there  will be issued and outstanding all of the FIXN SUB Shares, which shall be
fully  paid  and nonassessable and all of which shall be owned by Famous Fixins.
There  are  no, and on the Effective Date there will be no issued or outstanding
options  or  warrants  to  purchase FIXN SUB Shares or any issued or outstanding
securities  of any nature convertible into FIXN SUB Shares, or any agreements or
understandings  to  issue  any  FIXN  SUB  Shares,  options  or  warrants.

(b)     FIXN  SUB  has been organized solely for the purpose of consummating the
Merger  and,  since  its  inception,  has had no business activity of any nature
other  than  those  related  to  its  organization  or  as  contemplated by this
Agreement.

(c)     FIXN  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date will have, full power and
authority  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and  to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby.  This  Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby
have  been  duly  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors  of  FIXN  SUB.

(d)     Since  its  inception,  FIXN  SUB  has not issued or committed itself to
issue, and to the Effective Date will not issue or commit to issue, any FIXN SUB
Shares  or  any  options, rights, warrants, or other securities convertible into
FIXN  SUB  Shares,  except  for  the  issuance  of the FIXN SUB Shares to Famous
Fixins.

(e)     Except for the consent and approval of the shareholders of FIXN SUB, and
the  filing  of  the Certificate of Merger, no consents or approvals of, or
filings  or  registrations with, any third party or any public body or authority
are  necessary  in connection with (i) the execution and delivery by FIXN SUB of
this Agreement and (ii) the consummation by FIXN SUB of the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated  hereby.


                                       11
<PAGE>

(f)     The  execution  and  delivery  by  FIXN  SUB  of  this  Agreement,  the
consummation  and  performance  of  the  transactions  herein  contemplated, and
compliance  with the terms of this Agreement by FIXN SUB will not conflict with,
result  in  a  breach  of  or  constitute  or  give  rise to a default under any
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement, instrument or contract to
which  FIXN  SUB  is  now  a  party  or by which it or any of its assets or
properties  are  bound or its Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of FIXN
SUB  as  amended,  or  any  law,  order,  rule  or regulation, writ, injunction,
judgment  or  decree  of  any government, governmental instrumentality or court,
domestic  or foreign, having jurisdiction over FIXN SUB or any of its businesses
or  properties.

(g)     FIXN  SUB  is,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  be duly authorized,
qualified,  and  licensed  under  any  and  all  applicable  laws,  regulations,
ordinances,  or  orders  of  public  authorities to carry on its business in the
places  and  in  the  manner  as  presently conducted or as contemplated in this
Agreement.  The  business of FIXN SUB does not require it to be registered as an
investment  company  or  investment  adviser as such terms are defined under the
Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, each as amended.

(h)     FIXN  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective Date will have no subsidiaries.

(i)     Except  for (i) the incurring of expenses of its organization, (ii)
the  issuance  of  the  FIXN SUB Shares to Famous Fixins, (iii) the incurring of
expenses  relating  to  this  Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement, and (iv) the consummation of the Merger, FIXN
SUB  has  had,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  have had no business and no
financial  or  other  transactions  of  any  nature  whatsoever.

(j)     FIXN  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will have no liabilities
(including,  but  not  limited  to,  tax  liabilities)  nor are there, or on the
Effective  Date  will  there  be,  any  claims  against  FIXN  SUB (whether such
liabilities  or  claims  are  contingent  or  absolute,  direct or indirect, and
matured  or  unmatured)  except for liabilities for its organization expenses or
expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  the  Merger.



                                       12
<PAGE>

(k)  FIXN  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will have no fixtures,
furniture,  equipment,  inventory  or  accounts  receivable.

(l)  FIXN  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will have no contracts and
commitments to which it is, or on the Effective Date will be a party, except for
this  Agreement  and  other  documents  and  instruments  contemplated hereby in
connection  with  the  Merger.

(m)   There  are,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  there  will  be no legal,
administrative,  arbitral  or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental
investigations  of  any  nature against FIXN SUB, or challenging the validity or
propriety  of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to FIXN SUB's
best  knowledge,  there  is no reasonable basis for any other proceeding, claim,
action  or governmental investigation against FIXN SUB.  FIXN SUB is not a party
to any order, judgment or decree which will, or might reasonably be expected to,
materially  adversely  affect  the  business,  operations, properties, assets or
financial  condition  of  FIXN  SUB.

(n)  Since  the inception of FIXN SUB there have been, and to the Effective Date
there  will be (i) no salaried or otherwise compensated employees and no bonuses
paid  to  any  officer  or  director  of  FIXN SUB; (ii) no loans made to or any
transactions  with  any  officer  or director of FIXN SUB; (iii) no dividends or
other  distributions  declared or paid by FIXN SUB; and (iv) no purchase by FIXN
SUB  of  any  FIXN  SUB  Shares.

 (o)     Since  its  inception,  FIXN  SUB has not issued or committed itself to
issue,  and  to  the Effective Date will not issue or commit itself to issue any
FIXN  SUB  shares  or  any  options,  rights,  warrants,  or  other  securities
convertible  into FIXN SUB Shares except for the issuance of the FIXN SUB Shares
to  Famous  Fixins.

(p)  FIXN  SUB  has  no  patents,  patent  applications,  trademarks,  trademark
registrations,  tradenames,  copyrights, copyright registrations or applications
therefor.

(q)     Since  its  inception, FIXN SUB has, and on the Effective Date will have
in all material respects conducted its affairs in compliance with all applicable
laws,  rules  and  regulations.

(r)     During the past five year period, no officer or director of FIXN SUB has
been  the  subject  of  any  Bad  Event.


                                       13
<PAGE>

(s)     FIXN SUB has no pension plan, profit sharing or similar employee benefit
plan.

(t)     FIXN  SUB knows of no person who rendered any service in connection with
the introduction of Famous Fixins, FIXN SUB or WMM to any of the other Companies
and  they know of no claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or similar type of fee
in  connection  with  the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

(u)     FIXN  SUB  has  no  employees.

     4.  Representations  and  Warranties  of  Famous  Fixins.  Famous  Fixins
         ----------------------------------------------------
represents, warrants and covenants, except to the extent set forth on the Famous
Fixins  Schedule of Exceptions or except as set forth in the reports required to
be filed by Famous Fixins under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act of 1934,
as  amended,  including  pursuant  to  Section  13(a)  or  15(d)  thereof  ("SEC
                                                                             ---
Reports"),  as  follows:
--------

     (a)  Famous  Fixins is a duly organized and validly existing corporation in
good  standing  under  the laws of the State of New York, authorized to issue an
aggregate  of 200,000,000 shares of Famous Fixins Common Stock. On the Effective
Date,  there  will  be  issued and outstanding no more than 47,673,834 shares of
Famous Fixins Common Stock, all of which such issued and outstanding shares will
be  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement, on the Effective Date there will be no issued or outstanding options,
warrants  or  other rights, or commitments or agreements of any kind, contingent
or  otherwise,  to  purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Famous Fixins Common
Stock  or  any  issued  or outstanding securities of any nature convertible into
shares  of Famous Fixins Common Stock. There is no proxy or any other agreement,
arrangement  or  understanding  of  any  kind  authorized  or  outstanding which
restricts,  limits  or  otherwise affects the right to vote any shares of Famous
Fixins  Common  Stock.

     (b)  Famous  Fixins is, and on the Effective Date will be, duly authorized,
qualified  and  licensed  under  any  and  all  applicable  laws,  regulations,
ordinances  or  orders  of  public  authorities  to carry on its business in the
places  and  in the manner as presently conducted. The business of Famous Fixins
does  not  require  it  to  be registered as an investment company or investment
advisor,  as  such  terms  are  defined under the Investment Company Act and the
Investment  Advisors  Act  of  1940.


                                       14
<PAGE>

     (c)  Famous Fixins has, and on the Effective Date will have no subsidiaries
except  for  FIXN  SUB.

     (d)  The  financial  statements of Famous Fixins, consisting of its Balance
Sheets as at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and its Statement of Operations for the
fiscal  years  ended  December  31,  2001  and  2000,  its  Statement  of
Stockholders' Equity as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and its Statement of Cash
Flows  for  the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, all together with
accompanying  notes,  have  been  audited by independent public accountants, are
complete  and  correct  in  all  material respects, present fairly the financial
position of Famous Fixins and the results of operations and changes in financial
position  for  the  respective periods ended on such dates, and were prepared in
accordance  with  generally  accepted accounting principles consistently applied
during  the  periods.  The  interim  financial  statements  of  Famous  Fixins,
consisting  of  its  Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2002 and its Statement of
Operations,  Statement  of  Stockholders' Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for
the  six-month period ending September 30, 2002 have been prepared in accordance
with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles and have been adjusted for all
normal  and  recurring  accruals  and  present  fairly the financial position of
Famous  Fixins  and  the results of operations and changes in financial position
for  the respective periods ended on such dates, and were prepared in accordance
with  generally  accepted  accounting principles consistently applied during the
periods.  All the financial statements referenced herein regarding Famous Fixins
are collectively referred to as the "Famous Fixins Financial Statements", all of
                                     ----------------------------------
which  are  set  forth  in  the  SEC Reports publicly filed with the Commission.

     (e) There has not been, and on the Effective Date there will not have been,
any  material  change  in the financial condition of Famous Fixins from that set
forth  in  the Famous Fixins Financial Statements except for (i) transactions in
the  ordinary  course of business, (ii) transactions relating to this Agreement,
and  (iii) the incurring of expenses and liabilities relating to this Agreement.

     (f)  There  are,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  be,  no  liabilities
(including, but not limited to, tax liabilities) or claims against Famous Fixins
(whether  such  liabilities  or  claims  are  contingent  or absolute, direct or
indirect,  accrued  or  unaccrued and matured or unmatured) not appearing on the
Famous  Fixins  Financial  Statements,  except  for (i) liabilities for expenses
incurred  relating  to  this  Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and (ii) liabilities and commitments incurred or made in the
ordinary  course of Famous Fixins's business or taxes incurred on earnings since
September  30,  2002.

     (g)  All federal, state, county and local income, excise, property or other
tax  returns  required  to  be  filed  by  Famous Fixins have been filed and all
required  taxes,  fees  or  assessments  have  been  paid or an adequate reserve
therefore  has  been  set  up  in  the  Famous  Fixins  Financial  Statements.


                                       15
<PAGE>

     (h)  Famous  Fixins  has, and on the Effective Date will have, no fixtures,
furniture,  equipment,  inventory  or  accounts  receivable.

     (i)  Famous  Fixins  has,  and on the Effective Date will have, no material
contracts  to  which  it  is,  or  on  the  Effective  Date  will  be,  a party.

     (j)  There  are,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  there  will  be, no legal,
administrative,  arbitral  or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental
investigations  of any nature pending or to Famous Fixins's knowledge threatened
in writing, against Famous Fixins, including, but not limited to any shareholder
claims  or  derivative actions, or challenging the validity or propriety of
the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement, and, to Famous Fixins's best
knowledge,  there  is  no  reasonable basis for any proceeding, claim, action or
governmental  investigation against Famous Fixins.  Famous Fixins is not a party
to any order, judgment or decree which will, or might reasonably be expected to,
materially  adversely  affect  the  business,  operations, properties, assets or
financial  condition  of  Famous  Fixins.

     (k) Since September 30, 2002 and to the Effective Date there will be (i) no
salaried  or  otherwise compensated employees and no bonuses paid to any officer
or  director  of  Famous  Fixins; (ii) no loans made to or transactions with any
officer  or director of Famous Fixins; (iii) no dividends or other distributions
declared  or paid by Famous Fixins; and (iv) no purchase by Famous Fixins of any
of  the  Famous  fixins  common  stock.

     (l)  Famous  Fixins has not issued or committed itself to issue, and to the
Effective  Date  will not issue or commit itself to issue, any additional common
shares  or  any  options, rights, warrants, or other securities convertible into
common  shares,  except  as  contemplated  by  this  Agreement.

     (m)  Famous  Fixins  has  no  patents,  patent  applications,  trademarks,
trademark  registrations,  trade  names,  copyrights, copyright registrations or
applications therefor. Famous Fixins has no knowledge of any infringements by it
of  any  third  party's  intellectual  property.

     (n) Famous Fixins has, and on the Effective Date will have, in all material
respects  operated its business and conducted its affairs in compliance with all
applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.

     (o)  On  the  Effective  Date  there will be no loans, leases, commitments,
arrangements  or  other  contracts of any kind or nature outstanding between (i)
Famous  Fixins  and  (ii) any officer or director of Famous Fixins or any person
related  to  or  affiliated  with  any  officer  or  director  of Famous Fixins.


                                       16
<PAGE>

     (p)  During  the  past  five  year period, no officer or director of Famous
Fixins  has  been  the  subject  of  any  Bad  Event.

     (q)  Famous  Fixins has no pension plan, profit sharing or similar employee
benefit  plan.

     (r)  Except for the consent and approval of the Boards of Directors of FIXN
SUB  and  Famous  Fixins  and the Managing Member and Members to the Merger, the
filing  of  a  Certificate of Merger, the filing of a Form 8-K within 15 days of
the  Effective Date and the filing of a Form D with the Commission and the State
of  California,  no  consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with,
any third party or any public body or authority are necessary in connection with
(i)  the execution and delivery by Famous Fixins of this Agreement and (ii)
the  consummation  of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.
Famous Fixins has, and on the Effective Date will have, full power and authority
to  enter  into  this  Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.  This  Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby have been, or
will  be prior to the Effective Date, duly approved by the Board of Directors of
Famous  Fixins.  This  Agreement  has been duly executed and delivered by Famous
Fixins  and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Famous Fixins
enforceable  against  it  in  accordance  with the terms hereof except as may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of
general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of rights hereunder
or  general  principles  of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered  in  a  proceeding  in  equity  or  at  law).

     (s) Famous Fixins knows of no person who rendered any service in connection
with  the  introduction  of  Famous  Fixins, FIXN SUB or WMM to any of the other
companies  and  they  know of no claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or similar
type  of  fee  in  connection  with  the  Merger  and  the  other  transactions
contemplated  hereby.

     (t)  Famous  Fixins  has  no  employees.

     (u)  None  of the information supplied or to be supplied by or about Famous
Fixins  to WMM concerning the Merger contains any untrue statement of a material
fact  or  omits  to  state  any  material  fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under  which  they  are  made,  not  misleading.

     (v)  The  execution  and  delivery  by Famous Fixins of this Agreement, the
consummation  and  performance  of  the  transactions  herein  contemplated, and
compliance  with  the terms of this Agreement by Famous Fixins will not conflict
with,  result  in  a  breach of or constitute a default under (i) any indenture,
mortgage,  deed  of  trust  or  other agreement, instrument or contract to which
Famous  Fixins  is now a party or by which it or any of its assets or properties

                                       17
<PAGE>


is  bound;  (ii)  the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or the bylaws of
Famous  Fixins,  in  each  case  as  amended;  or  (iii) any law, order, rule or
regulation, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any government, governmental
instrumentality  or  court,  domestic  or foreign, having jurisdiction over
Famous  Fixins  or  any  of  its  business  or  properties.

     (w)  To the best of its knowledge, Famous Fixins is not in violation of any
federal,  state  or  local  environmental  law  or  regulation.


5.     Representations  and  Warranties  of  each  Member.  Each  Member,
       --------------------------------------------------
including  the  Managing  Member, for itself and no other Member, represents and
warrants  as  follows:

(a)     Investment  Intent.  Such Member is acquiring the Member Securities
        ------------------
as  principal  for  its  own account for investment purposes only and not with a
view  to  or  for  distributing  or reselling such Member Securities or any part
thereof.  Such  Member  is  acquiring  the  Member  Securities  hereunder in the
ordinary  course  of  its  business.  Such Member does not have any agreement or
understanding,  directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the
Member  Securities.

(b)     Member  Status.  Such  Member  is an "accredited investor" as defined in
        --------------
Rule  501(a)  under  the  Securities  Act.

(c)     Experience  of  such Member.  Such Member, either alone or together with
        ---------------------------
its  representatives,  has  such  knowledge,  sophistication  and  experience in
business  and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks  of  the  prospective  investment  in  the  Member  Securities, and has so
evaluated  the merits and risks of such investment.  Such Member is able to bear
the  economic risk of an investment in the Member Securities and, at the present
time,  is  able  to  afford  a  complete  loss  of  such  investment.

(d)     General  Solicitation.  Such  Member  is  not  purchasing  the  Member
        ---------------------
Securities  as  a  result  of  any  advertisement,  article,  notice  or  other
communication  regarding  the  Member  Securities  published  in  any newspaper,
magazine  or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at
any  seminar  or  any  other  general  solicitation  or  general  advertisement.

(e)     Famous  Fixin's  Information.  Such  Member has read the SEC Reports and
        ----------------------------
has  had  an  opportunity  to  discuss  Famous  Fixin's business, management and
financial  affairs  with directors, officers and management of Famous Fixins and
has  had  the  opportunity  to review Famous Fixins's operations and facilities.
Such Member has also had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from,  Famous  Fixins and its management regarding the terms and conditions
of  this  investment.

(f)     Residence.  If such Member is an individual, then such Member resides in
        ---------
the state or province identified in the address of such Member set forth on

                                       18
<PAGE>

the  WMM  Schedule  of Exceptions; if such Member is a partnership, corporation,
limited  liability  company  or other entity, then the office or offices of such
Member  in  which  its investment decision was made is located at the address or
addresses  of  such  Member  set  forth  on  WMM  Schedule  of  Exceptions.

(g)     Rule  144.  Such  Member  acknowledges  and  agrees that the Member
        ---------
Securities  are "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under
the  Securities Act as in effect from time to time and must be held indefinitely
unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption
from  such  registration is available.  Such Member has been advised or is aware
of  the provisions of Rule 144, which permits limited resale of shares purchased
in  a  private  placement  subject  to  the  satisfaction of certain conditions,
including,  among  other  things:  the  availability  of  certain current public
information  about  Famous  Fixins,  the resale occurring following the required
holding  period  under  Rule  144 and the number of shares being sold during any
three-month  period  not  exceeding  specified  limitations.

     6.  Representations  to  Survive  Closing.  All  of  the  representations,
         -------------------------------------
covenants  and  warranties contained in this Agreement (including all statements
contained  in  any  certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of
Famous  Fixins,  FIXN  SUB  or  WMM  pursuant  hereto  or in connection with the
transactions  contemplated  hereby)  shall  survive  the Closing for a period of
three  (3)  years  from  the  Effective  Date.

     7.  Surviving  Corporation.  The  surviving  entity shall be WMM. Its name,
         ----------------------
identities,  articles of organization, operating agreement, existence, purposes,
powers,  objects,  franchises,  rights  and  immunities  shall be unaffected and
unimpaired  by  the  Merger,  except  as described in the Certificate of Merger.

     8.  Treatment  of  Shares  of  Constituent  Corporations.  The  terms  and
         -------------------------------------------------
conditions  of  the  Merger,  the mode of carrying the same into effect, and the
manner  and  basis  of  converting  the  securities  of  each of the Constituent
Corporations  are  as  follows:

     (a)  All  of the Outstanding WMM Membership Interests shall be converted by
virtue  of  the  Merger  at  the  Effective  Date  into,  in  the aggregate, (i)
24,313,655  shares  of Famous Fixins Common Stock (the "Member Shares") and (ii)
                                                        -------------
$2,900,000  principal  amount  of  convertible  debentures  in  the  form of the
convertible  debenture  attached  hereto  as Exhibit B (the "WMM Debentures" and
                                             ---------       --------------
collectively  with  the  Member  Shares,  the  "Member  Securities").  After the
                                                ------------------
Effective  Date, each Member, upon surrender of their Outstanding WMM Membership
Interest  existing immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall be entitled to
receive  from  Famous Fixins, pro-rata based upon their respective share of such
Outstanding  Membership  Interest,  certificates representing their share of the
Member  Securities, which certificates shall contain any appropriate restrictive
legend  concerning  the  resale  of  such securities.  Until so surrendered, any
outstanding  certificates  or  other documentation which, prior to the Effective
Date,  represented Outstanding WMM Membership Interests, shall be deemed for all
corporate  purposes  to  evidence  ownership of the Member Securities into which
such  Outstanding WMM Membership Interests shall be convertible into.  Upon such

                                       19
<PAGE>

surrender,  Outstanding  WMM Membership Interests so surrendered shall no longer
be  outstanding  and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease
to  exist.  Upon  conversion,  any  fractional  shares resulting from conversion
shall  be  rounded  to  the  nearest  whole  number  of  Member  Shares.

     (b)  All  of the FIXN SUB Shares shall be converted by virtue of the Merger
at  the  Effective  Date  into,  in  the  aggregate,  Membership  Interests
representing  100% of the Membership Interests of WMM, and all of such interests
shall  be  held  by  Famous  Fixins.

     (c)  The  separate existence and corporate organization of FIXN SUB, except
insofar as it may be continued by statute, shall cease on Effective Date and WMM
shall  become  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  Famous  Fixins.

9.     Rights  and  Liabilities of Surviving Corporation.  (a)  On and after the
       -------------------------------------------------
Effective Date, WMM, as the surviving entity of the Merger, shall succeed to and
possess,  without  further  act  or  deed,  all  of  the  estate,  rights,
privileges,  powers  and  franchises,  both  public  and  private and all of the
property,  real,  personal  and mixed, of FIXN SUB; all debts due to FIXN SUB on
whatever  account shall be vested in WMM; all claims, demands, property, rights,
privileges,  powers, franchises and every other interest of FIXN SUB shall be as
effectively  the property of WMM as they were of FIXN SUB; the title to any real
estate  by  deed  or  otherwise  in  FIXN  SUB shall not revert or be in any way
impaired  by  reason  of  the  Merger, but shall be vested in WMM; all rights of
creditors  and  all  liens  upon  any  property  of  FIXN SUB shall be preserved
unimpaired,  limited  in  lien  to  the  property  affected  by such lien at the
Effective  Date; all debts, liabilities and duties of FIXN SUB shall thenceforth
attach  to  WMM  and  may  be  enforced against it to the same extent as if such
debts,  liabilities  and  duties  had been incurred or contracted by it; and WMM
shall  indemnify  and hold harmless Famous Fixins and the officers and directors
of  FIXN  SUB  against  all  such  debts, liabilities and duties and against all
claims  and  demands  arising  out  of  the  Merger.

     10.  Further  Assurances of Title.  As and when requested by WMM, or by any
          ----------------------------
of its successors or assigns, FIXN SUB shall execute and deliver, or cause to be
executed and delivered, all such deeds and instruments and will take or cause to
be taken all such further action as WMM may deem necessary or desirable in order
to  vest  in and confirm to WMM title to and possession of the property acquired
by  WMM  by  reason  or as a result of the Merger and otherwise to carry out the
intent  and  purposes  hereof,  and the officers and directors of WMM and Famous
Fixins  are fully authorized in the name of WMM or Famous Fixins or otherwise to
take  any  and  all  such  action.

     11.  Conditions  of  Obligations  of  FIXN  SUB  and  Famous  Fixins.  The
          ---------------------------------------------------------------
obligation  of FIXN SUB and Famous Fixins to consummate the Merger is subject to
the  following  conditions  prior  to  the  Effective  Date:


                                       20
<PAGE>

(a)     WMM  has  not  suffered  an  uninsured  loss on account of fire, flood,
accident,  or other calamity of such a character as to interfere materially with
the  continuous  operation  of  its  business or materially affect adversely its
condition,  financial or otherwise, regardless of whether or not such loss shall
have  been  insured.

(b)     That  no material transactions shall have been entered into by WMM other
than  transactions in the ordinary course of business between September 30, 2002
and  the  Effective  Date, other than as referred to in this Agreement or in the
schedules  annexed,  except  with  the  prior  written consent of Famous Fixins.

 (c)     Except  as  disclosed  in  this  Agreement  or in the schedules annexed
hereto,  that no material adverse change in the aggregate shall have occurred in
the  financial  condition  of  WMM  since  September  30,  2002.

 (d)     That  none  of  the properties or assets of WMM shall have been sold or
otherwise  disposed of other than in the ordinary course of business during such
period,  except  with  the  prior  written  consent  of  Famous  Fixins.

 (e)  That  WMM  shall  have  performed  and  complied  with  the provisions and
conditions  of this Agreement on its part to be performed and complied with, and
that  the  representations and warranties made by WMM in this Agreement are true
and  correct,  both  when  made  and  as  of  the  Effective  Date.

(f)  That all applicable filings and regulatory approvals required to be made or
obtained  by  WMM  have  been  made  or  obtained.

(g)     That  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been approved by appropriate action of WMM, the Managing Member and the Members.

(h)     That  there  shall  have  been  full  compliance  with  the  applicable
securities or "blue sky" laws and regulations of any state or other governmental
body  having  jurisdiction  over  the  Merger.

(i)     That Famous Fixins shall have received from WMM the following documents:


                                       21
<PAGE>

(i)     original  signature  page  of  this  Agreement duly executed by WMM, the
        Managing  Member  and  each  Member;
(ii)    Good  Standing  Certificate  of  WMM;
(iii)   Certificate  of  Organization  of  WMM;
(iv)    Organizational  minutes  of  WMM  and  any  other documents required by
        Section  16;
(v)     Operating  Agreement  of  WMM;
(vi)    an  opinion from counsel to WMM, substantially in the form of Exhibit C
                                                                      ---------
        attached  hereto;
(vii)   Written  consent  of  Members  authorizing  the  Merger;
(viii)  Certificate  of  the  Managing  Member evidencing compliance with the
        provisions  of  this  Section  11;
(ix)    Form  D  and  evidence  of  filing  with  the  State of California; and
(x)     Original  signature  page  of each Certificate of Merger for filing with
        the  Secretaries  of  State  of  California  and  Delaware.


12.     Conditions  of Obligations of WMM.  The obligations of WMM to consummate
        ---------------------------------
the  Merger are subject to the following conditions prior to the Effective Date:


     (a) That FIXN SUB and Famous Fixins are in compliance with their respective
representations,  warranties  and covenants contained herein, and that WMM shall
receive  from  each  of  FIXN SUB and Famous Fixins a certificate to such effect
from  the  President  of  FIXN  SUB  and Famous Fixins as of the Effective Date.

     (b)  That  FIXN  SUB  and Famous Fixins shall not have suffered any loss on
account  of  fire,  flood,  accident or other calamity of such a character as to
interfere materially with the continuous operation of its business or materially
affect adversely its condition, financial or otherwise, regardless of whether or
not  such  loss  shall  have  been  insured.

     (c)  That no material transactions shall have been entered into by FIXN SUB
or  Famous  Fixins  other  than  transactions in the ordinary course of business
since  September  30,  2002, other than as referred to in this Agreement, except
with  the  prior  written  consent  of  WMM.

     (d)  That  no  material adverse change shall have occurred in the financial
condition  of  FIXN  SUB or Famous Fixins since September 30, 2002 other than as
referred  to  in  this  Agreement.

     (e)  That  none  of  the  properties or assets of FIXN SUB or Famous Fixins
shall  have been sold or otherwise disposed of other than in the ordinary course
of  business  September  30,  2002,  except  with  the  written  consent of WMM.


                                       22
<PAGE>

     (f)  That FIXN SUB and Famous Fixins shall each have performed and complied
with the provisions and conditions of this Agreement on its part to be performed
and  complied  with,  and that the representations and warranties made by Famous
Fixins  herein  are  true  and  correct.

     (g)  That  all  applicable  filings and regulatory approvals required to be
made  or  obtained  by  Famous  Fixins  have  been  made  or  obtained.

     (h)  That Famous Fixins shall have held a meeting of its Board of Directors
at  which  meeting  all  of  its  directors shall have resigned seriatim and the
persons designated by WMM shall have been elected as directors of Famous Fixins,
all  subject  to  the  consummation  of  the  Merger.

     (i)  That  WMM  shall  have  received  from  Famous Fixins and FIXN SUB the
following  documents:

(i)     original signature page of this Agreement duly executed by Famous Fixins
        and  FIXN  SUB;
(ii)    Good  Standing  Certificate  of  Famous  Fixins;
(iii)   Good  Standing  Certificate  of  FIXN  SUB;
(iv)    Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  Famous  Fixins;
(v)     Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  FIXN  SUB;
(vi)    Organizational  minutes of Famous Fixn and any other documents required
        by  Section  15;
(vii)   Organizational minutes of FIXN SUB and any other documents required by
        Section  15;
(viii)  By-Laws  of  Famous  Fixins;
(ix)    By-Laws  of  FIXN  SUB;
(x)     an  opinion  from  counsel  to  FIXN  SUB,  substantially in the form of
        Exhibit  D  attached  hereto;
        -----------
(xi)    Written  consent  of  shareholders  of FIXN SUB authorizing the Merger;
(xii)   Written consent of the Board of Directors of Famous Fixins authorizing
        the  Merger;
(xiii)  Officer's Certificate of Famous Fixins evidencing compliance with the
        provisions  of  this  Section  12;  and
(xiv)   Officer's  Certificate  of  FIXN  SUB  evidencing  compliance with the
        provisions  of  this  Section  12.

     13.     Abandonment.  This Agreement and the Merger may be abandoned (a) by
             -----------
any of the Companies, acting by its Board of Directors, at any time prior to its
adoption  by the shareholders of such Company, as provided by law, (b) by any of
the  Companies,  acting by its Board of Directors by written notice to the other
parties  hereto,  at  any  time  in the event of the failure of any condition in

                                       23
<PAGE>


favor  of  such entity as to which the consummation of the Merger is subject, or
(c)  by the consent of all the Companies, acting each by its Board of Directors,
at  any time after such adoption by such shareholders and prior to the Effective
Date.  In  the  event  of  abandonment  of this Agreement, the same shall become
wholly  void  and  of  no  effect,  and  there  shall be no further liability or
obligation  hereunder  on  the  part  of  any of the Companies, their respective
Boards  of  Directors  or  any  other  party  to  this  Agreement.

14.     Closing  or  Termination.  In  the  event  the Closing of this Agreement
        ------------------------
shall  not  take  place by December 31, 2002, due to failure of any condition of
closing  required  herein,  any  party  shall  have  the right to terminate this
Agreement, in which event no party shall have any further right or obligation as
against  any  other.

15.     Delivery of Corporate Proceedings of Famous Fixins and FIXN SUB.  At the
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
Closing,  Famous  Fixins  and  FIXN  SUB  shall  deliver  to counsel for WMM the
originals  of  all  of  the corporate proceedings of Famous Fixins and FIXN SUB,
duly  certified  by  their  respective  Secretaries, relating to this Agreement.

16.     Delivery  of  Corporate  Proceedings  of WMM.  At the Closing, WMM shall
        ---------------------------------------------
deliver  to  counsel  for Famous Fixins and FIXN SUB the originals of all of the
corporate  proceedings of WMM, duly certified by its Secretary, relating to this
Agreement and a draft of the language proposed to be included the Form 8-K to be
filed within 15 days of the Effective Day, which draft shall be substantially in
compliance  with  the  requirements  of  Form  8-K.

17.      Limitation  of  Liability.  The  representations and warranties made by
         -------------------------
any  party  to  this  Agreement are intended to be relied upon only by the other
parties  to  this  Agreement  and by no other person.  Nothing contained in this
Agreement  shall  be  deemed  to  confer  upon  any  person  not a party to this
Agreement  any  third party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any nature
whatsoever.

18.       Further  Instruments  and  Actions.  Each  party  shall  deliver  such
          ----------------------------------
further  instruments and take such further action as may be reasonably requested
by  any  other  in order to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

19.     Governing  Law.  This Agreement is being delivered and is intended to be
        --------------
performed  in  the  State  of  New  York  and shall be construed and enforced in
accordance  with  the  laws  of  such  State without regard to conflicts of laws
thereof.

20.     Notices.  All notices or other communications to be sent by any party to
        -------
this  Agreement  to any other party to this Agreement shall be sent by certified
mail,  nationwide  overnight  delivery  service  or  by  personal  delivery  or
nationwide  overnight  courier to the addresses hereinbefore designated, or such
other  addresses  as  may  hereafter  be  designated  in  writing  by  a  party.

21.     Binding Agreement.  This Agreement represents the entire agreement among
        -----------------
the  parties  hereto with respect to the matters described herein and is binding
upon  and  shall  inure  to  the  benefit  of the parties hereto and their legal
representatives,  successors  and  permitted assigns.  This Agreement may not be
assigned  and,  except as stated herein, may not be altered or amended except in
writing  executed  by  the  party  to  be  charged.

                                       24
<PAGE>


22.     Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be executed in counterparts, all of
        ------------
which,  when  taken  together,  shall  constitute  the  entire  Agreement.

23.     Severability.  The  provisions  of this Agreement shall be severable, so
        ------------
that  the  unenforceability, validity or legality of any one provision shall not
affect  the  enforceability,  validity  or  legality of the remaining provisions
hereof.

     24.     Joint  Drafting.  This  Agreement  shall  be  deemed  to  have been
             ---------------
drafted  jointly  by  the  parties  hereto,  and  no inference or interpretation
against  any party shall be made solely by virtue of such party allegedly having
been  the  draftsperson  of  this  Agreement.

     25.     Reliance  on  Certificates.  In  rendering  any opinion referred to
             --------------------------
herein,  counsel  for  the  parties  hereto  may rely, as to any factual matters
involved  in  their respective opinions, on certificates of public officials and
of  corporate  and  company officers, and on such other evidence as such counsel
may  reasonably  deem appropriate and, as to the matters governed by the laws of
jurisdictions  other  than  the  United  States  or  the  States of New York and
California,  an  opinion  of  local counsel in such other jurisdiction(s), which
counsel  shall  be  satisfactory  to  the other parties in the exercise of their
reasonable  discretion.

     26.     Public  Announcements.  All  parties  hereto  agree that any public
             ---------------------
announcement,  press  release  or other public disclosure of the signing of this
Agreement  shall be made jointly and only after all parties hereto have reviewed
and  approved  the  language  and  timing  of  such  disclosure,  except as such
disclosure  may  be  required  pursuant  to any legal obligation or order of any
court  having  proper  jurisdiction  over  any  of  the  parties  hereto.

27.     Definitions.  In  addition  to  the  terms  defined  elsewhere  in  this
        -----------
Agreement,  the  following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 27:


     "Bad  Events" shall mean, collectively, the events described in clauses (i)
      -----------
through  (vi)  of  Section  2(t).

     "Certificate  of  Merger"  shall  have  the meaning set forth in Section 1.
      -----------------------

     "CFTC"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  2(t)(iii)(A).
      ----

     "Closing"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  1.
      -------

     "Code"  shall  mean  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended.
      ----



                                       25
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>      <C>


     "Commission"  shall  mean  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.
      ----------

     "Commission  Reports"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in the opening
     --------------------
paragraph of  Section  4

     "Companies"  shall  mean,  collectively,  Famous  Fixins, FIXN SUB and WMM.
      ---------

     "Contracts"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  2(m).
      ---------

     "Constituent  Corporations"  shall  mean,  collectively,  WMM and FIXN SUB.
      -------------------------

     "Effective  Date"  shall  mean  the date the Certificate of Merger is filed
      ---------------
with  the State  of  California.

     "Famous  Fixins"  shall  mean  Famous  Fixins Inc., a New York corporation.
      --------------

     "Famous Fixins Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in the second
     ----------------------------
recital  to  this  Agreement.


     "Famous  Fixins  Financial  Statements" shall have the meaning set forth in
      ----------------------------------
Section 4(d).

     "Famous  Fixins Schedule of Exceptions" shall mean the schedule of exceptions
      -------------------------------------
to  the  representations,  warranties  and covenants of Famous Fixins annexed hereto
and  made  a  part  hereof.

    "Financial  Statements"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in Section 2(e).
     ---------------------

    "FIXN  SUB"  shall  mean  FIXN Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
     ---------
wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  Famous  Fixins.

    "FIXN  SUB Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in the third recital to this
     ----------------
Agreement.

    "IRS"  shall  mean  the  Internal  Revenue  Service.
     ---

    "Member"  shall  mean  each  member  of  WMM as set forth on the WMM Schedule of
     ------
Exceptions.

    "Member  Securities"  shall  mean  the  Member  Shares  and  the WMM Debentures.
     ------------------

    "Member  Shares"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  8(a).
     --------------

    "Merger"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  the  fourth recital to this
     ------
Agreement.

</TABLE>
                                       26
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>         <C>
    "Outstanding Famous Fixins Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in the
     --------------------------------------
second  recital  to  this  Agreement.

    "Outstanding  WMM  Membership  Interests"  shall  have  the meaning set forth in
     ---------------------------------------
Section  2(a).

    "Securities  Act"  shall  mean  the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
     ---------------
rules  and  regulation  promulgated  thereunder.

    "WMM"  shall  mean Warning Model Management, LLC, a California limited liability
     ---
company.

    "WMM  Debentures"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  8(a).
     ---------------

    "WMM  Managing  Member"  shall  mean  Steve  Chamberlain.
     ---------------------

    "WMM  Schedule  of  Exceptions"  shall  mean  the  schedule of exceptions to the
     -----------------------------
representations,  warranties and covenants of WMM annexed hereto and made a part
hereof.





                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


</TABLE>

                                       27
<PAGE>

     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  made  and  executed this
Agreement  as  of  the  day  and  year  first  above  written.


                                        FAMOUS  FIXINS,  INC.

                                        By:  /s/  S.  Michael  Rudolph
                                        Name:  S.  Michael  Rudolph
                                        Title:  Director


                                        WARNING  MODEL  MANAGEMENT, LLC


                                        By:  /s/  Stephen Chamberlin
                                        Name:  Stephen  Chamberlain
                                        Title:

                                        FIXN  ACQUISITION  SUB,  INC.

                                        By:  /s/  S.  Michael  Rudolph
                                        Name:  S.  Michael  Rudolph
                                        Title:  Director


                                        MANAGING  MEMBER:

                                        /s/  Stephen  Chamberlin
                                        ------------------------
                                        Stephen  Chamberlain

                                        MEMBERS:

                                        /s/  Stephen  Chamberlin
                                        ------------------------
                                        Stephen  Chamberlain

                                        /s/  George  Furla
                                        ------------------
                                        George  Furla

                                        /s/  Jeffrey  Wong
                                        ------------------
                                        Jeffrey  Wong


                                       28
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
