<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-14_d12204.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.14

Note: This warrant represents rights to acquire 47,059 shares of common stock at
$3.19 as a result of the 1 for 4.25 reverse stock split effective subsequent to
the original date of issuance of this warrant.


     THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
     INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR
     ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED
     IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SAID
     ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

     THIS WARRANT IS ISSUABLE PURSUANT TO THE NOVEMBER 3, 1998 OFFERING
     CONSULTING AGREEMENT BETWEEN DURASWITCH AND ROBERT J. BRILON.

No. W98-004                             Warrant to Purchase 200,000 Shares of
                                        Common Stock (subject to adjustment)

                        WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
                                       of
                           DURASWITCH INDUSTRIES, INC.

                          Void after November 20, 2003

     This certifies that Robert J. Brilon, (the "Holder"), or assigns, for value
received, is entitled to purchase from DuraSwitch Industries, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company"), having a place of business at 333 South Nina Drive,
Mesa, Arizona 85210, 200,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company at the Stock
Purchase Price as set forth in Section 1. The term "Common Stock" means the
common stock of the Company.

This Warrant is subject to the following terms and conditions:

1.   Determination of Stock Purchase Price. The exercise price per share of this
     Warrant is $0.75 per share, as adjusted pursuant to Section 4 (the "Stock
     Purchase Price").

2.   Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares. This Warrant is
     exercisable at the option of the Holder, at any time or from time to time,
     before 5:00 p.m. Mountain Standard Time on November 20, 2003 (the
     "Expiration Date") upon surrender to the Company, at its principal office
     or such other place as Company may designate, of this Warrant properly
     endorsed with the Form of Subscription (attached hereto) fully filled in,
     signed and, if applicable, payment, by cashless exercise notice (closing
     price on the date of notice shall govern net issue of shares), cashier's
     check or wire transfer, of the Stock Purchase Price. The Holder must
     exercise this Warrant in full by November 20, 2003. The Company agrees that
     the shares of Common Stock purchased under this Warrant shall be and are
     deemed to be issued to the Holder as the record owner of such shares as of
     the close of business on the date on which this Warrant shall have been
     surrendered, properly endorsed, the completed, executed Form of
     Subscription (attached to this Warrant) delivered and payment made by
     cashless exercise notice (net shares to be issued), cashier's check or wire
     transfer for such shares. Certificates for the shares of Common Stock so
     purchased, together with any other securities or property to which the
     Holder is entitled upon such exercise, shall be delivered
<PAGE>

     to the Holder by the Company at the Company's expense within a reasonable
     time after the rights represented by this Warrant have been so exercised.
     In case of a purchase of less than all the shares which may be purchased
     under this Warrant, the Company shall cancel this Warrant and execute and
     deliver a new Warrant or Warrants of like tenor for the balance of the
     shares purchasable under the Warrant surrendered upon such purchase to the
     Holder hereof within a reasonable time.

3.   Reservation of Shares. The Company covenants and agrees that all shares of
     Common Stock which may be issued upon the exercise of the rights
     represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be free of all taxes,
     liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof (other than income
     taxes and taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously or
     otherwise specified herein). The Company further covenants and agrees that
     during the period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may
     be exercised, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved,
     for the purpose of issue or transfer upon exercise of the subscription
     rights evidenced by this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of
     authorized but unissued Common Stock, or other securities and property,
     when and as required to provide for the exercise of the rights represented
     by this Warrant.

4.   Adjustment of Stock Purchase Price and Number of Shares. The Stock Purchase
     Price and the number of shares purchasable upon the exercise of this
     Warrant shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the
     occurrence of certain events described in this Section 4.

     4.1  Subdivision or Combination of Stock. If the Company at any time while
          this Warrant or any portion of it remains outstanding and unexpired
          shall subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater
          number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in effect immediately prior
          to such subdivision shall be proportionately reduced, and conversely,
          in case the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be
          combined into a smaller number of shares, the Stock Purchase Price in
          effect immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately
          increased.

     4.2  Dividends in Common Stock, Other Stock, Property, Reclassification. If
          while this Warrant or any portion of it remains outstanding and
          unexpired the holders of Common Stock (or any shares of stock or other
          securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant)
          shall have received or become entitled to receive, without payment
          therefor other or additional stock or other securities or property
          (other than cash) of the Company by way of dividend (other than (i)
          shares of Common Stock) issued as a stock split, adjustments in
          respect of which shall be covered by the terms of Section 4.1 above or
          (ii) an event for which adjustment is otherwise made pursuant to
          Section 4.4 below), then and in each such case, the Holder shall, upon
          the exercise of this Warrant, be entitled to receive, in addition to
          the number of shares of Common Stock receivable thereupon, and without
          payment of any additional consideration therefor, the amount of stock
          or other securities or property (other than cash) of the Company which
          such Holder would hold on the date


                                       2
<PAGE>

          of such exercise had he been the holder of record of such Common Stock
          as of the date on which holders of Common Stock received or became
          entitled to receive such shares or all other additional stock and
          other securities.

     4.3  Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale. If
          while this Warrant or any portion of it remains outstanding and
          unexpired any capital reorganization or reclassification of the
          capital stock of the Company, or any consolidation or merger of the
          Company with another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially
          all of its assets to another corporation shall be effected in such a
          way that holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock,
          securities, or other assets or property, then, as a condition of such
          reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger or sale,
          lawful provisions shall be made so that the Holder shall thereafter
          have the right to purchase and receive upon exercise of this Warrant
          such shares of stock, securities or other assets or property of the
          successor corporation resulting from such consolidation, merger,
          reorganization, reclassification, sale or transfer that the Holder
          would have been entitled to receive in such consolidation, merger,
          reorganization, reclassification, sale or transfer if this Warrant had
          been exercised immediately before such consolidation, merger,
          reorganization, reclassification, sale or transfer, all subject to
          further adjustment pursuant to this Section 4. In the event the value
          of the stock, securities or other assets or property (if not in cash
          or marketable securities, then the value will be determined in good
          faith by the Board of Directors of the Company) issuable or payable
          with respect to one share of the Common Stock of the Company
          immediately before such consolidation, merger, reorganization,
          reclassification, sale or transfer purchasable and receivable upon the
          exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant is in excess of the
          Stock Purchase Price effective at the time of such consolidation,
          merger, reorganization, reclassification, sale or transfer, or
          securities received in such consolidation, merger, reorganization,
          reclassification, sale or transfer, if any, are publicly traded, then
          this Warrant shall expire unless exercised prior to such
          consolidation, merger, reorganization, reclassification, sale or
          transfer. In any such consolidation, merger, reorganization,
          reclassification, sale or transfer described above, appropriate
          provision shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of
          the Holder so that the provision hereof (including, without
          limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Stock Purchase Price and
          of the number of shares purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
          of this Warrant) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be,
          in relation to any shares of stock, securities or assets thereafter
          deliverable upon the exercise hereof.

     4.4  Notice of Adjustment. Upon any determination or adjustment of the
          Stock Purchase Price or in the conversion ratio of the Common Stock or
          any increase or decrease in the number of shares purchasable upon the
          exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall give written notice
          thereof, by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the
          registered Holder of this Warrant at the address of such Holder as
          shown on the books of the Company. The notice shall be signed by the
          Company's chief financial officer and shall state the Stock Purchase
          Price resulting from such adjustment and


                                       3
<PAGE>

          the increase and decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable
          at such price upon the exercise of this Warrant, setting forth in
          reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which
          such calculation is based.

     4.5  Other Notices. If at any time:

          (A)  the Company shall declare any cash dividend upon its Common
               Stock;

          (B)  the Company shall declare any dividend upon its Common Stock
               payable in stock or make any special dividend or other
               distribution to the holders of its Common Stock;

          (C)  the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders
               of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class
               or other rights;

          (D)  there shall be any capital reorganization or reclassification of
               the capital stock of the Company; or consolidation or merger of
               the Company with, or sale of all or substantially all of its
               assets to another corporation;

          (E)  there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
               liquidation or winding-up of the Company; or

          (F)  there shall be an initial public offering of Company securities;

          then, in any one or more of said cases, the Company shall give, by
          first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Holder of this
          Warrant at the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the
          Company, (a) at least 15 days' prior written notice of the date on
          which the books of the Company shall close or a record shall be taken
          for such dividend, distribution or subscription rights or for
          determining rights to vote in respect of any such reorganization,
          reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution,
          liquidation or winding-up, and (b) in the case of any such
          reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
          dissolution, liquidation, winding-up or public offering, at least 15
          days' prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place;
          provided, however, that the Holder shall make a best efforts attempt
          to respond to such notice as early as possible after the receipt
          thereof. Any notice given in accordance with the foregoing clause (a)
          shall also specify, in the case of any such dividend, distribution or
          subscription rights,-the date on which the holders of Common Stock
          shall be entitled thereto. Any notice given in accordance with the
          foregoing clause (b) shall also specify the date on which the holders
          of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for
          securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization,
          reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale dissolution,
          liquidation, winding-up, conversion or public offering, as the case
          may be.


                                       4
<PAGE>

     4.6  Rights Offering. In the event the Company offers to its stockholders
          the right to purchase Common Stock on a pro rata basis, the Holder
          will be entitled, at its option, to elect to participate in each and
          every such offering as though this Warrant has been exercised and the
          Holder were, at the time of any such rights offering, then a Holder of
          that number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is then
          entitled on the exercise hereof.

5.   No Voting or Dividend Rights; Limitation of Liability. Nothing contained in
     this Warrant shall be construed as conferring upon the holder hereof the
     right to vote or to consent or to receive notice as a shareholder of the
     Company or any other matters or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of
     the Company. No dividends or interest shall be payable or accrued in
     respect of this Warrant or the interest represented hereby or the shares
     purchasable hereunder until, and only to the extent that, this Warrant
     shall have been exercised. No provisions hereof, in the absence of
     affirmative action by the holder to purchase shares of Common Stock, and no
     mere enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the holder hereof,
     shall give rise to any liability of such holder for the Stock Purchase
     Price or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability is
     asserted by the Company or by its creditors.

6.   Modification and Waiver. This Warrant and any provision hereof may be
     changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing
     signed by the party against which enforcement of the same is sought.

7.   Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be
     given or delivered to the Holder or the Company shall be delivered
     personally, sent by registered mail, postage prepaid, or by confirmed fax
     with copy by first-class mail, to the Holder at its address as shown on the
     books of the Company or to the Company at the address indicated therefor in
     the first paragraph of this Warrant or such other address as either may
     from time to time provide to the other in the manner described in this
     Section.

8.   Binding Effect on Successors. This Warrant shall be binding upon any
     corporation succeeding the Company by merger, consolidation or acquisition
     of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. All of the obligations
     of the Company relating to the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
     this Warrant shall survive the exercise and termination of this Warrant.
     All of the covenants and agreements of the Company shall inure to the
     benefit of the successors and assigns of the Holder.

9.   Descriptive Headings and Governing Law. The description headings of the
     several sections and paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for
     convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant. This Warrant
     shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the
     parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Arizona.

10.  Lost Warrants. The Company represents and warrants to the Holder that upon
     receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft,
     destruction, or mutilation of this


                                       5
<PAGE>

     Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction, upon
     receipt of an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Company, or in the
     case of any such mutilation upon surrender and cancellation of such
     Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will make and deliver a new Warrant,
     or like tenor, in lieu of the lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant.

11.  Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon exercise of
     this Warrant. The Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share,
     pay the holder entitled to such fraction a sum in cash equal to such
     fraction multiplied by the then effective Stock Purchase Price.

12.  Registration.

     (a)  Piggyback Registration. If the Company at any time proposes to file a
          registration statement with respect to any class of equity securities,
          whether for its own account (other than a registration statement on
          Form S-4 or S-8, or any successor or substantially similar form or a
          registration statement covering (i) an employee stock option, stock
          purchase or compensation plan or securities issued or issuable
          pursuant to any such plan or (ii) a dividend reinvestment plan) or for
          the account of a holder of securities of the Company pursuant to
          registration rights granted by the Company (a "Requesting
          Securityholder"), then the Company shall in each case give written
          notice of such proposed filing to Holder at least 20 Business Days
          before the anticipated filing date of any such registration statement
          by the Company, and such notice shall offer to Holder the opportunity
          to have any or all of the Registrable Securities held by Holder
          included in such registration statement. If Holder desires to have the
          Registrable Securities registered under this Section 3, Holder must so
          advise the Company in writing within 10 Business Days after the date
          of receipt of such notice (which request shall set forth the amount of
          Registrable Securities for which registration is requested), and the
          Company shall include in such Registration Statement all the
          Registrable Securities so requested to be included therein; provided,
          however, that if such Registration Statement is for an Underwritten
          Offering, Holder shall join in the underwriting on the same terms and
          conditions as the Company or the Requesting Securityholders and shall
          execute any underwriting agreement, "lock-up" letters or other
          customary agreements or documents executed by the Company or the
          Requesting Securityholders in connection therewith, except Holder
          shall not be required to give any representations and warranties
          relating to the Company. Company shall pay all Registration Expenses
          with respect to any registration pursuant to this Section 3(a).

     (b)  Demand Registration. (i) Upon the written request of Holder, and
          provided that there is then no Registration Statement in effect with
          respect to the Registrable Securities, the Company will effect, in
          accordance with the terms of this Agreement,


                                       6
<PAGE>

          the registration under the Securities Act of the Registrable
          Securities held by Holder which the Company has been so requested to
          register by Holder, subject to Section 3(c); provided that the number
          of securities requested to be so registered shall be not less than 50%
          of the Registrable Securities held by Holder. Holder cannot request
          such registration earlier than one year after the date of this
          Agreement. In addition, Holder cannot request such registration during
          the 90-day period following the completion of any Underwritten
          Offering. The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than two
          demand registrations pursuant to this Section 3(b), provided that the
          Company shall not be required to effect more than one registration on
          a form other than S-3 (or any successor to such form). Holder shall
          pay all Registration Expenses with respect to any registration
          pursuant to this Section 3(b).

     (c)  No Obligation. Neither the giving of notice by the Company nor any
          request by Holder to register Registrable Securities pursuant to
          Section 3(a) shall in any way obligate the Company to file any such
          Registration Statement. The Company may, at any time prior to the
          effective date thereof, determine not to offer the securities to which
          Registration Statement relates and/or withdraw the Registration
          Statement from the SEC, without liability of the Company to the
          Holders.

13.  Registration Procedures and Other Agreements.

     (a)  General. In connection with the Company's registration obligations
          pursuant to Section 3, the Company will:

          (i)   prepare and file with the SEC a new Registration Statement or
                such amendments and post-effective amendments to an existing
                Offering Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep
                such Registration Statement effective; provided, however, that
                no Registration Statement shall be required to remain in
                effect after all Registrable Securities covered by such
                Registration Statement have been sold and distributed as
                contemplated by such Registration Statement;

          (ii)  furnish to each selling Holder, without charge, at least one
                manually signed or "Edgarized" copy and as many conformed
                copies as may reasonable be requested, of the then effective
                Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
                thereto, and one copy of all financial statements and
                schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and
                all exhibits thereto (including those incorporated by
                reference);

          (iii) deliver to each selling Holder, without charge, as many copies
                of the then effective Prospectus (including each prospectus
                subject to completion)and any


                                       7
<PAGE>

                amendments or supplements thereto as such Holder may reasonably
                request; and

          (iv)  cooperate and assist in any filings required to be made with the
                National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

     (b)  Each selling Holder must furnish to the Company, upon request, in
          writing such information and documents as, in the opinion of counsel
          to the Company may be reasonably required to prepare properly and file
          such Registration Statement in accordance with the applicable
          provisions of the Securities Act.

14.  Registration Expenses. "Registration Expenses" include without limitation
     all registration and filing fees, fees and expenses of compliance with
     securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of
     one counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications or registrations (or
     the obtaining of exemptions therefrom) of the Registrable Securities,
     printing expenses (including expenses of printing Prospectuses), messenger
     and delivery expenses, internal expenses (including all salaries and
     expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting
     duties), fees and disbursements of its counsel and its independent
     certified public accountants (including the expenses of any special audit
     or "comfort" letters required by or incident to such performance or
     compliance), securities acts liability insurance (if the Company elects to
     obtain such insurance), fees and expenses of any special experts retained
     by the Company in connection with any registration hereunder and the fees
     and expenses of any other Person retained by the Company.

DATED 11/20/98

HOLDER:                                 COMPANY:

Robert J. Brilton                       DURASWITCH INDUSTRIES, INC.,
                                        a Nevada corporation


By /s/ Robert J. Brilon                 By /s/ R. Terren Dunlap
   --------------------                    --------------------
   Robert J. Brilon                        R. Terren Dunlap,
                                           Chief Executive Officer


                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
