<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex1021.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXCUTIVE SERVICE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.21

DATED                                                                   MAY 1998

================================================================================




                      THE ASSOCIATED OCTEL COMPANY LIMITED

                                     - and -

                               RICHARD TUDOR SHONE





                          ---------------------------

                          EXECUTIVE SERVICE AGREEMENT

                          ---------------------------

<PAGE>

DATE: 22nd May 1998


PARTIES:

1.   THE ASSOCIATED OCTEL COMPANY LIMITED (registered no: 344359) whose
     registered office is at Suite 2, 4th Floor, Berkeley Square House, Berkeley
     Square, London. W1X 6DT ("the Company").

2.   RICHARD TUDOR SHONE of 6 Jellicoe Close, Caldy, Wirral, Merseyside, L48 2LF
     ("the Executive").


OPERATIVE PROVISIONS:


1.   INTERPRETATION

2.

1.1. The headings and marginal headings to the Clauses are for convenience only
     and have no legal effect.

1.2. Any reference in this Agreement to any Act or delegated legislation
     includes any statutory modification or re-enactment of it or the provision
     referred to.

1.3. In this Agreement:

     "the Board"                means the Board of Directors of the Parent or
                                the Company as the case may be and includes any
                                committee of the Board duly appointed by it;

     "Managing Director"        means any person or persons jointly holding such
                                office of the Company from time to time and
                                includes any person(s) exercising substantially
                                the functions of a

                                        2

<PAGE>

                                  Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer
                                  of the Company;

     "Confidential Information"   includes but is not limited to all any trade
                                  secrets, names and contact details of
                                  customers and prospective customers,
                                  purchasing and sales agents, suppliers, prices
                                  charged to or charged by the company,
                                  financial and budget information, and any
                                  other information of a confidential nature
                                  relating to the Company or any Associated
                                  Company or information which has been given to
                                  the Company or any Associated Company by a
                                  third party under a duty of confidence where
                                  such a duty has been made known to the
                                  Executive and which is not in the public
                                  domain otherwise than by breach of the
                                  Executive's duties of confidentiality to the
                                  Company.

     "Corporate Information"      means all and any information (whether or not
                                  recorded in documentary form or on computer
                                  disc or tape) relating to the business
                                  methods, corporate plans, management systems,
                                  finances, business opportunities or research
                                  and development projects of the Company or any
                                  Associated Company.

     "Marketing Information"      means all and any information (whether or not
                                  recorded in documentary form or on computer
                                  disc or tape) relating to the marketing or
                                  sales of any product or service of the Company
                                  or any Associated Company including without
                                  limitation sales targets and statistics,
                                  market share and pricing statistics, marketing
                                  surveys and plans, market research reports,

                                       3

<PAGE>

                                  sales techniques, price lists, discount
                                  structures, advertising and promotional
                                  material, the names, addresses, telephone
                                  numbers, contact names and identities of
                                  customers and potential customers of and
                                  suppliers and potential suppliers to the
                                  Company or any Associated Company and the
                                  nature of their business operations, their
                                  requirements for any product or service sold
                                  to or purchased by the Company or any
                                  Associated Company and all confidential
                                  aspects of their business relationship with
                                  the Company or any Associated Company.

     "Associated Company"         means a subsidiary and any other company which
                                  is for the time being a holding company (as
                                  defined by the Company Acts 1985 Section 736)
                                  of the Company or another subsidiary of any
                                  such holding company.

     "Pension Scheme"             means The Associated Octel Company Limited
                                  Pension Plan.

     "Parent"                     means Octel Corp.


2.   APPOINTMENT AND DURATION

2.1. The Parent and the Company agree to employ the Executive and the Executive
     hereby accepts employment with the Parent and the Company upon the terms
     and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2.2. The Company appoints the Executive and the Executive agrees to serve as a
     Director or Officer of the Company and for any Associated Company or in
     such other appointment as may from time to time be agreed. The Executive
     accepts that the

                                        4

<PAGE>

     Company may at its discretion require him to perform other duties or tasks
     not within the scope of his normal duties and the Executive agrees to
     perform those duties or undertake those tasks as if they were specifically
     required under this Agreement.


2.3. The appointment shall be deemed to have commenced on 22nd May 1998 and
     shall continue (subject to earlier termination as provided in this
     Agreement) until terminated by the Company giving to the Executive not less
     than 12 calendar months prior notice or by the Executive giving to the
     Company not less than 6 calendar months prior notice. The Executive's
     period of continuous employment with the Company began on 12th May 1997.

2.4. With the prior consent of the Executive the Company may from time to time
     appoint any other person or persons to act jointly with the Executive in
     his appointment.

2.5. The Executive warrants that by virtue of entering into this Agreement he
     will not be in breach of any express or implied terms or any contract with
     or of any other obligation to any third party binding upon him.

3.   DUTIES OF THE EXECUTIVE

3.1. The Executive shall at all times during the period of this Agreement:

     3.1.1.  devote the whole of his time, attention and ability to the duties
             of his appointment save for such reasonable time as he may use for
             non-executive directorships of companies, which he has been
             authorised in writing by the Board to accept;

     3.1.2.  faithfully and diligently perform those duties and exercise such
             powers consistent with them which are from time to time assigned to
             or vested in him;

                                        5

<PAGE>

     3.1.3.  obey all lawful and reasonable directions of the Board of the
             Parent of the Company;

     3.1.4.  use his best endeavours to promote the interests of the Company;

     3.1.5.  keep the Managing Director promptly and fully informed (in writing
             if so requested) of his conduct of the business or affairs of the
             Company or any Associated Company and provide such explanations in
             connection therewith as the Managing Director may require;

     3.1.6.  not at any time make any untrue or misleading statement relating to
             the Company or any Associated Company;

     3.1.7.  inform the Managing Director promptly if he receives a solicitation
             from a competitor or potential competitor either on a personal or a
             business basis which could be prejudicial to the best interests of
             the Company or its Associated Companies.

4.   PLACE OF WORK AND RESIDENCE

4.1. The Executive shall perform his duties at the Company's premises in
     Ellesmere Port and/or such other place of business of the Company as the
     Company may require whether inside or outside the United Kingdom but the
     Company shall not without his prior consent require him to go to or reside
     anywhere outside the United Kingdom except for occasional visits in the
     ordinary course of his duties, such visits not normally to exceed a period
     of one month.

4.2. The Executive shall at all times reside within a radius of 40 miles from
     his place of work from time to time. If the Company shall change his place
     of work such that the Executive has to relocate his residence to remain
     within that radius, the Company shall reimburse him his removal and other
     incidental expenses in accordance with its

                                        6

<PAGE>

     then current policy for relocation of Executives.

5.   HOURS OF WORK

     The Executive's hours of work are the normal hours of the Company from 9 am
     to 5.30 pm Monday to Friday each week together with such additional hours
     as may be necessary so as properly to fulfill his duties.

6.   PAY

6.1. During his appointment the Company shall pay to the Executive:

     6.1.1.  a basic salary at the rate of (pounds)85,000 per year which shall
             accrue day to day and be payable by equal monthly instalments in
             advance according to the published schedule of payment dates. The
             salary shall be deemed to include any fees receivable by the
             Executive as a Director or Officer of the Company, or of any other
             Associated Company or other company unincorporated body in which he
             holds office as nominee or representative of the Company or an
             Associated Company and

     6.1.2.  a bonus in accordance with the corporate bonus scheme set out in
             Schedule 1.

                                        7

<PAGE>

6.2. The Executive's basic salary shall be reviewed by the Board on 1st January
     each year except in the first year and the rate of basic salary may be
     increased by the Company on a discretionary basis with effect from that
     date by such amount if any as it shall think fit. The first such review of
     salaries will take place on 1st January 2000.


7.   PENSION

7.1. The Executive shall be entitled to be and remain a member of the Company
     Pension Scheme subject to the terms of its Deed and Rules from time to time
     details of which are at Schedule 2. The Company shall be entitled at any
     time to terminate the Pension Scheme or the Executive's membership of it
     subject to providing him with the benefit of an equivalent pension scheme
     ("the New Scheme") each and every benefit of which shall not be less
     favourable than the benefits provided to the Executive under the existing
     scheme and to ensuring that the Executive is fully credited in the New
     Scheme for his pensionable service in the existing scheme as if such
     pensionable service has been under the New Scheme.

7.2. For the purposes of Part III of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 there is a
     contracting-out certificate in force.

7.3. The Company will provide additional pension benefits which after taking
     account of the Executive's entitlement under the Company Pension Scheme,
     shall be the equivalent of 1/40th of full basic pay (as provided under
     Clause 6.1.1 above) irrespective of the Inland Revenue Pensions Cap for
     each year of pensionable service. The Executive is entitled to participate
     in The Associated Octel Funded Unapproved Retirement Benefits Scheme
     (FURBS) and The Associated Octel Top Hat Scheme (which together are
     hereinafter referred to as the Company Pension Plans) by which such
     additional pension provision referred to within this sub-Clause shall be
     provided.

                                       8

<PAGE>

7.4. Without prejudice to Clause 7.3, should the Executive be prevented or
     restricted in part or in whole by UK Inland Revenue restrictions from
     drawing benefits otherwise payable under the Company Pension Plans, the
     Company shall pay him further salary which after meeting income tax
     obligations shall be equivalent to the cost of providing the pension
     benefits denied him by such UK Inland Revenue restrictions.

7.5. The Executives accrued benefits under the Company Pension Plans shall
     survive termination of this Agreement, irrespective of the cause or reason
     for such termination.


8.   INSURANCE BENEFITS


8.1. The Executive shall be entitled to participate at the Company's expense in
     the Company's Permanent Health Insurance scheme which provides cover for
     permanent sickness or disability. He will also be covered for himself, his
     spouse and eligible children in the Company's BUPA Scheme, subject to the
     rules of such schemes, details of which are available from the HR Director.
     The Company may choose to terminate its agreement with BUPA and provide at
     least equivalent benefits with an alternative supplier.


9.   CAR


9.1. Subject to the Executive holding a current full driving licence a car of
     make, model and specification in line with current policy for executives
     will be provided. The policy also includes an option to trade up to a
     higher cost car, the additional cost of such to be borne by the Executive.
     The policy is available from the HR Director. At the option of the Company
     a non-pensionable cash allowance may be paid by monthly instalments in
     arrears in lieu of the provision of a Company car in line with current
     Company policy.

                                        9

<PAGE>

9.2.   The Company shall bear all standing and running expenses of the car
       including fuel consumed during private use of the car throughout Europe,
       including holiday usage and any additional insurance costs incurred to
       permit the Executive to use the car outside the United Kingdom for
       private purposes.

9.3.   The Executive shall always comply with all regulations laid down by the
       Company from time to time with respect to company cars; shall follow the
       Company policy in the case of any accidents involving his Company car,
       shall immediately report to the Company any driving convictions in
       respect of which he is disqualified from driving a motor vehicle and, on
       the termination of his appointment whether lawfully or unlawfully, shall
       forthwith return his Company car to the Company, (except as provided for
       in Clause 17.6.3).


10.    EXPENSES


10.1.  The Company shall reimburse to the Executive normally on a monthly basis
       all travelling, hotel, entertainment and other expenses reasonably
       incurred by him in the proper performance of his duties subject to the
       Executive complying with such guidelines or regulations issued by the
       Company from time to time in this respect and to the production to the
       Company of such vouchers or other evidence of actual payment of the
       expenses as the Company may reasonably require.

10.2.  The Company will issue Company sponsored charge card(s) to the Executive
       and he shall use such card(s) only for expenses reimbursable under Clause
       10.1 above, and shall return the card(s) to the Company forthwith on the
       termination of his employment.


11.    HOLIDAY


11.1.  In addition to English public holidays the Executive is entitled to 30
       working days paid holiday in each holiday year which runs from 1st
       January to 31st December to

                                       10

<PAGE>

       be taken at such time or times as are agreed with the Managing Director.
       The Executive may, with the consent of the HR Director, carry forward up
       to 10 unused days from his holiday entitlement to be taken by 31st March
       in the subsequent holiday year.

11.2.  The Executive, with the written consent of the HR Director, may bank up
       to 5 days per year of his holiday entitlement which can be taken
       immediately prior to his normal (or early) retirement date.
       Alternatively, the banked holiday days may be taken as sabbatical leave
       with the permission of the Managing Director.

11.3.  For the holiday year during which his appointment commences or
       terminates, the Executive is entitled to two and a half working days
       holiday for each calendar month of his employment by the Company during
       that holiday year. On the termination of his appointment for whatever
       reason, the Executive shall be entitled to pay in lieu of outstanding
       holiday entitlement and shall be required to repay to the Company any
       salary received for holiday taken in excess of his entitlement.

12.    SICKNESS

12.1.  If the Executive is absent because of sickness (including mental
       disorder) or injury he shall report this fact forthwith to his immediate
       Supervisor and if the Executive is so prevented for seven or more
       consecutive days he shall provide a medical practitioner's statement to
       the HR Director on the eighth day and weekly thereafter so that the whole
       period of absence is certified by such statements. Immediately following
       his return to work after a period of absence due to incapacity the
       Executive shall complete a Self-Certification form available from the HR
       Department detailing the reason for his absence. This should be forwarded
       to the Staff Pay Office at Ellesmere Port by the Executive on the first
       day of his return to work.

12.2.  If the Executive shall be absent due to sickness (including mental
       disorder) or injury duly certified in accordance with the provisions of
       Clause 12.1 hereof, he shall be paid his full remuneration hereunder for
       up to one month's absence in any period of

                                       11

<PAGE>

       twelve consecutive months and thereafter such remuneration, if any, as
       the Managing Director shall determine from time to time provided that
       such remuneration shall:-

       12.2.1.  never be less than the proceeds received by the Company in
                respect of the Executive under the Company's permanent health
                insurance scheme (after paying pension contributions); and

       12.2.2.  be inclusive of any Statutory Sick Pay to which the Executive is
                entitled under the provisions of the Social Security
                Contributions and Benefits Act 1992 and any Social Security
                Sickness Benefit or other benefits recoverable by the Executive
                (whether or not recovered) may be deducted therefrom.

12.3.  If the sickness or injury of the Executive shall be or appear to be
       occasioned by actionable negligence of a third party in respect of which
       damages are or may be recoverable, the Executive shall immediately notify
       the Company of that fact and of any claim, compromise, settlement or
       judgment made or awarded in connection with it and shall give to the
       Company all particulars the Company may reasonably require and shall if
       required by the Company refund to the Company that part of any damages
       recovered relating to loss of earnings for the period of the incapacity
       as the Company may reasonably require, provided that the amount to be
       refunded shall not exceed the amount of damages or compensation recovered
       by him less any costs borne by the Executive in connection with the
       recovery of such damages and or compensation and shall not exceed the
       total remuneration paid to him by way of salary in respect of the period
       of absence.

12.4.  For Statutory Sick Pay purposes the Executive's qualifying days shall be
       his normal working days.

                                       12

<PAGE>

12.5.  At any time during the period of his appointment the Executive shall at
       the request and expense of the Company permit himself to be examined by a
       registered medical practitioner to be selected by the Company and shall
       authorise such medical practitioner to disclose to and discuss with the
       Company's medical adviser the result of such examination and any matters
       which arise from it in order that the Company's medical adviser can
       notify the Company of any matters which, in his opinion, might hinder or
       prevent the Executive (if during a period of incapacity) from returning
       to work for any period or (in other circumstances) from properly
       performing any duties of his appointment at any time.

13.    ACKNOWLEDGMENTS BY THE EXECUTIVE

The Executive acknowledges:

13.1.  that the Company or its Associated Companies possesses or will possess a
       valuable body of Confidential Information; and

13.2.  that the Company or its Associated Companies will give him access to
       Confidential Information in order that he may carry out the duties of his
       employment; and

13.3.  that the duties of his employment include without limitation a duty of
       trust and confidence and a duty to act at all times in the best interests
       of the Company and any Associated Company; and

13.4.  that his knowledge of Confidential Information directly benefits him by
       enabling him to perform his management duties; and

13.5.  that the disclosure of any Confidential Information to any competitor of
       the Company or any Associated Company or to other third parties would
       place the Company or any

                                       13

<PAGE>

       Associated Company at a serious competitive disadvantage and would cause
       serious financial and other damage to their businesses; and

13.6.  that the success of the business of the Company and its Associated
       Companies depends in part on the Executive's success and the Directors of
       the Company and its Associated Companies establishing business
       relationships with clients similar to those established and maintained by
       the Executive in the course of his employment.

14.    RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

14.1.  The Executive shall not make use of, divulge or communicate to any person
       (save in the performance of his duties during the course of his
       employment) any trade secrets or other Confidential Information or
       Marketing Information of or relating to the Company or any of its
       Associated Companies which he may have received or obtained while in the
       service of the Company or any of its Associated Companies. This
       restriction shall continue to apply after the termination of his
       employment without limit in point of time and shall cease to apply to
       information ordered to be disclosed by a Court of competent jurisdiction
       or otherwise required to be disclosed by law.

14.2.  Restrictions on competition

       14.2.1.  Within this Clause 14 the following words shall have the
       following meanings:

                `Termination Date'shall mean the date of termination of your
                employment in accordance with the terms of this contract.

                `Relevant Period' shall mean the twelve month period prior to
                and ending with the Termination Date.

                                       14

<PAGE>

                `Restricted Customer' shall mean any person, firm, company or
                other entity who was at any time in the relevant period a
                customer of the Company or any Associated Company.

                `Prospective Customer' shall mean any person, firm or company
                who was at the Termination Date negotiating with the Company or
                any Associated Company with a view to dealing with the Company
                or any Associated Company as a customer.

                `Prohibited Business' shall mean any business or activity
                carried on by the Company or any Associated Company at the
                Termination Date or at any time in the Relevant Period in which
                you shall have been directly concerned in the course of your
                employment at any time in the Relevant Period.

                `Protected Supplier' shall mean any supplier or prospective
                supplier of the Company or any Associated Company with whom you
                shall have had dealings in the course of your employment during
                the Relevant Period.

       14.2.2.  You shall not compete with the Company or any Associated Company
                during the period of twelve months after the Termination Date
                directly or indirectly on your own account or on behalf of or in
                conjunction with any person, firm or company or other
                organisation canvas or solicit or by any other means seek to
                conduct, or conduct Prohibited Business with any Restricted
                Customer with whom you shall have had material dealings during
                the course of your duties hereunder at any time in the Relevant
                Period or with whom and to your knowledge any employee or agent
                of the Company or any Associated Company shall have had material
                dealings in the Relevant Period.

                                       15

<PAGE>

       14.2.3.  You shall not compete with the Company or any Associated Company
                during the period of twelve months after the Termination Date
                directly or indirectly on your own account or on behalf of or in
                conjunction with any person, firm or company or other
                organisation canvas or solicit or by any other means seek to
                conduct Prohibited Business with or conduct Prohibited Business
                with any prospective customer with whom you shall have had
                material dealings in the course of your duties hereunder at any
                time in the Relevant Period or with whom and to your knowledge
                any employee or agent of the Company or any Associated Company
                shall have had material dealings in the Relevant Period.

       14.2.4.  You shall not during the period of twelve months after and
                during a six month period prior to the Termination Date directly
                or indirectly induce or seek to induce any employee being a
                manager or a director of the Company or any Associated Company
                engaged in the Prohibited Business who was such an employee at
                the Termination Date and with whom you shall during the Relevant
                Period have had material dealings in the course of your duties
                hereunder to leave the employment of the Company or any
                Associated Company whether or not this would be a breach of
                contract on the part of that employee.

       14.2.5.  You shall not during the period of twelve months after the
                Termination Date directly or indirectly seek to entice away from
                the Company or any Associated Company or otherwise solicit or
                interfere with the relationship between the Company or any
                Associated Company and any Protected Supplier.

       14.2.6.  Each of the restrictions contained in this Clause 11 is intended
                to be separate and severable. In the event that any of the
                restrictions shall be held void but would be valid if part of
                the wording thereof were deleted,

                                       16

<PAGE>

                such restriction shall apply with such deletion as may be
                necessary to make it valid and effective.

       14.2.7.  The Company reserves the right to update and change these
                conditions when circumstances dictate to reflect the changing
                nature of its business and protectable interests.

14.3.  Each of the restrictions in each of Clauses 14.2.2 to 14.2.7 is
       considered by the parties to be reasonable in all the circumstances but
       if any such restriction shall be held by any Court to be void as going
       beyond what is reasonable in all the circumstances for the protection of
       the interests of the Company, the said restriction shall apply with such
       modifications as may be necessary to render it valid and effective.

15.    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

       You will promptly disclose to the Company and keep confidential all
       inventions, copyright works, designs or technical know how conceived or
       made by you alone or with others in the course of your employment. You
       will hold all such intellectual property in trust for the Company and
       will do everything necessary or desirable at its expense to vest the
       intellectual property fully in the Company and/or any Associated Company
       and/or to secure patent or other appropriate forms of protection for the
       intellectual property. Decisions as to the protection or exploitation of
       any intellectual property shall be in the absolute discretion of the
       Company.

16.    COPYRIGHT

16.1.  The Executive hereby assigns to the Company by way of future assignment
       all copyright, design right and other intellectual property rights for
       the full terms thereof throughout the world in respect of all copyright
       works and designs originated, conceived, written or made by the Executive
       (except only those works or designs originated, conceived, written or
       made by the Executive wholly outside his normal

                                       17

<PAGE>

       working hours which are wholly unconnected with his employment or the
       business of the Company) during the period of his employment by the
       Company.

16.2.  The Executive hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives in favour of
       the Company any and all moral rights conferred on him by Chapter 4 of
       Part I of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 for any work in
       which copyright or design right is vested in the Company whether by
       Clause 16.1 or otherwise.

16.3.  The Executive shall, at the request and cost of the Company, do all
       things necessary or desirable to substantiate the rights of the Company
       or any Associated Company under Clauses 16.1 and/or 16.2.

17.    TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT

17.1.  Automatic Termination

       This Agreement shall automatically terminate:

       17.1.1.  on the first day of the month following the Executive reaching
                his 65th birthday; or

       17.1.2.  if the Executive becomes prohibited by law from being a Director
                of the Parent; or

       17.1.3.  if he resigns his office as a Director of the Company; or

       17.1.4.  if the office of Director of the Company held by the Executive
                is vacated pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association
                save if the vacation shall be caused by illness (including
                mental disorder) or injury; or

       17.1.5.  if the Executive otherwise ceases to be a Director of the
                Company.

                                       18

<PAGE>

17.2.  Suspension

       In order to investigate a complaint against the Executive of misconduct
       the Company is entitled to suspend the Executive on full pay for so long
       as may be necessary to carry out a proper investigation and hold a
       disciplinary hearing.

17.3.  Immediate Dismissal

       The Company may by notice terminate this Agreement with immediate effect
       if the Executive:

       17.3.1.  commits any act of gross misconduct or repeats or continues
                (after written warning) any other serious breach of his
                obligations under this Agreement; or

       17.3.2.  is guilty of any conduct which in the reasonable opinion of the
                Board of the Parent brings him, or the Company or its Associated
                Companies into disrepute; or

       17.3.3.  is convicted of any criminal offence punishable with more than
                six months imprisonment (other than an offence under road
                traffic legislation in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in
                respect of which he is convicted and is sentenced to an
                immediate term of imprisonment); or

       17.3.4.  commits any act of dishonesty whether relating to the Company,
                any of its or their employees or otherwise; or

       17.3.5.  when he is a Director of the parent, becomes bankrupt or makes
                any

                                       19

<PAGE>

                arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

       17.3.6.  is in the reasonable opinion of the Board of the parent
                incompetent in the performance of his duties.

17.4.  Dismissal on Short Notice

       The Company may terminate this Agreement as follows notwithstanding
       Clause 12.2 by not less than six months' prior notice given at any time
       while the Executive is incapacitated by ill-health or accident from
       performing his duties under this Agreement and has been so incapacitated
       for a period or periods aggregating 100 days in the preceding twelve
       months. Provided that:-

       17.4.1.  the Company shall withdraw any such notice if during the
                currency of the notice the Executive returns to full time duties
                and provides a medical practitioner's certificate satisfactory
                to the Board to the effect that he has fully recovered his
                health and that no recurrence of his illness or incapacity can
                reasonably be anticipated;

       17.4.2.  the Company shall not exercise this right if the effect of so
                doing shall be to deprive the Executive of any of the benefits
                of the Permanent Health Insurance referred to in Clause 8.1.

17.5.  Pay in lieu

       Upon notice being tendered by either party to terminate this Agreement or
       at any time thereafter during the currency of such notice the Company
       shall be entitled to require the Executive to refrain from carrying out
       some or all of his duties during the period of such notice and to serve
       out such notice at his home or any of the Company's UK premises.

17.6.  Change of Control

       17.6.1   Termination by Company Without Cause or By Executive for Good
                Reason After Change of Control.

                                       20

<PAGE>

                Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement, if
                during the three- year period following a "Change of Control",
                the Company terminates the Executive without Cause or the
                Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, then the
                Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to (i) three (3)
                times the highest base salary in effect during the term of this
                Agreement and (ii) three (3) times the highest annual bonus paid
                during the term of this Agreement, and (iii) all amounts accrued
                for (a) base salary through the termination date, (b) any unpaid
                annual bonus for completed years, (c) accrued vacation through
                the termination date, and (d) business expenses through the
                termination date. The Company shall pay the Executive all
                amounts to which he is entitled under this paragraph within 10
                days after the termination date. In addition, for purposes of
                determining the Executive's entitlement to benefits under the
                Company's retirement plans, the Company shall credit the
                Executive with three (3) additional years of service and
                earnings as though he had continued to work through such
                three-year period at the highest base salary and annual bonus
                paid during the term of this Agreement. If the Company is
                prohibited by law from crediting the Executive with such service
                and earnings under any qualified plan, it shall make any such
                incremental benefit available to him under a non-qualified
                supplemental plan. Where such termination takes place before 3
                years service, the annual bonus multiplier will be assumed to be
                the target percentage for the Executive.

       17.6.2.  Under the circumstances described in Clause 17.6.1, all stock
                options previously granted to the Executive and not yet expired,
                will become fully and immediately vested and exercisable on the
                Termination Date and for 180 days thereafter. During the first
                45 days of trading, a notional value of $15 per share will be
                assumed.

       17.6.3.  Under the circumstances described in Clause 17.6.1, the Company
                will cause title to the Executive's currently allocated car, if
                a car was provided by the Company at the date of the change of
                control, to be transferred free of charge to the Executive
                within ten days of the Termination Date.

       17.6.4.  For the purposes of Clause 17.6 "Change of Control" means a
                change in

                                       21

<PAGE>

                control of a nature that would be required to be reported in
                response to item 5 (f) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A
                promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the
                United States of America, as amended ("Exchange Act") whether or
                not the Parent or the Company is then subject to such reporting
                requirement; provided that, without limitation, such a change in
                control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a) any "person" or
                "group" (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of
                the Exchange Act) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
                defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
                indirectly, of securities of the Parent or the Company
                representing 20% or more of the combined voting power of the
                Parent's or the Company's, respectively, then outstanding
                securities (other than the Parent, the Company, any employee
                benefit plan of the Company or the Parent); and, for purposes of
                this Agreement, no change in control shall be deemed to have
                occurred as a result of the "beneficial ownership", or changes
                therein, of the Parent's or the Company's securities,
                respectively, by any of the foregoing, (b) there shall be
                consummated (i) any consolidation or merger of Parent or the
                Company in which the Parent or the Company is not the surviving
                or continuing corporation or pursuant to which shares of the
                Parent's or the Company's Common Stock, respectively, would be
                converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a
                merger of the Parent or the Company in which the holders of the
                Parent's Common Stock immediately prior to the merger have
                (directly or indirectly) at least a 70% ownership interest in
                the outstanding Common Stock of the surviving corporation
                immediately after the merger, or (ii) any sale, lease, exchange
                or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related
                transactions) of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the
                Parent or the Company, (c) the shareholders of the Parent
                approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution
                of the Parent, or (d) as the result of, or in connection with,
                any cash tender offer, exchange offer, merger or other business
                combination, sale of assets, proxy or consent solicitation
                (other than by the Board of the

                                       22

<PAGE>

                parent), contested election or substantial share accumulation (a
                "Control Transaction"), the members of the Board of the Parent
                immediately prior to the first public announcement relating to
                such Control Transaction shall thereafter cease to constitute a
                majority of the Board of the Parent.

       17.6.5.  For the purposes of Clause 17.6 "Good Reason" exists if, without
                the Executive's express written consent, (a) the Executive is
                assigned duties materially inconsistent with his present
                position, duties, responsibilities and status with the Company
                and the Parent, (b) the Company reduces the Executive's base
                salary as in effect on the effective date hereof or as the same
                may be increased from time to time, (c) the Company reduces the
                Executive's aggregate compensation and incentive and benefit
                package, (d) the Company requires the Executive regularly to
                perform his duties of employment beyond a forty miles radius
                from the location of his current place of employment, (e) the
                Company takes any other action which materially and adversely
                changes the conditions or perquisites of the Executive's
                employment as in effect at the time of the Change of Control,
                (f) the Parent or the Company fails to obtain a satisfactory
                agreement from any successor to assume and agree to perform this
                Agreement, or (g) the Company purports to terminate the
                Executive's employment other than pursuant to a Notice of
                Termination which satisfies the requirements of Clause 17.6
                (and, for purposes of this Agreement, no such purported
                termination shall be effective).

       17.6.6.  For the purposes of Clause 17.6 "Cause" means (a) the
                Executive's conviction of any criminal violation involving
                dishonesty, fraud or breach of trust, or (b) the Executive's
                willful engagement in gross misconduct in the performance of his
                duties that materially injures the Company. For purposes of this
                definition, no act or failure to act on the Executive's part
                shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be
                done, by the Executive not in good faith and without reasonable
                belief that his action or omission was in the best interest of
                the Company or its Subsidiaries.

       17.6.7.  For the purposes of Clause 17.6 "Without Cause" means an
                involuntary termination of the Executive's employment by the
                Company other than for

                                       23

<PAGE>

                cause (defined in Clause 17.6.6.) or due to the Executive's
                death or disability.

       17.6.8.  Default of Payment. Any payment not made within ten days after
                it is due in accordance with this Agreement shall thereafter
                bear interest, compounded annually, at an interest rate equal to
                the prime rate from time to time in effect at the Barclays Bank
                interest rate plus two percent (2%).

       17.6.9.  The Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any
                payment or benefits provided for in Clauses 17.6.1, 17.6.2 and
                17.6.3 by seeking other employment, nor shall those amounts be
                reduced by any payments or benefits received after the
                Termination Date from another employer.

17.7.  Miscellaneous

       On tendering notice by either party, or at any time thereafter, the
       Executive shall at the request of the Company:

       17.7.1.  resign (without prejudice to any claims which the Executive may
                have against any Company arising out of this Agreement or the
                termination thereof) from all and any offices which he may hold
                as a Director of the Company or any Associated Companyand from
                all other appointments or offices which he holds as nominee or
                representative of the Companyor any Associated Company; and

       17.7.2.  transfer without payment to the Company or as the Company may
                direct any qualifying shares provided by it to him; and if he
                should fail to do so
       within
                seven days the Company is hereby irrevocably authorised to
                appoint some person in his name and on his behalf to sign any
                documents or do any things necessary or requisite to effect
                such resignation(s) and/or transfer(s).

18.    DISCIPLINARY AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

18.1.  The Executive is subject to the Company's disciplinary rules and
       procedure, details of which are contained in the Company's Handbook, but
       the Executive has no

                                       24

<PAGE>

       contractual entitlement in this respect.

18.2.  If the Executive has any grievance relating to his employment (other than
       one relating to a disciplinary decision) he should refer such grievance
       to the Managing Director and if the grievance is not resolved it will be
       referred to the Board of the Parent for resolution.

19.    GENERAL

19.1.  Collective Agreements

       There are no collective agreements currently in force applicable to the
       Executive's employment.

19.2.  Reconstruction and amalgamation

       If the Executive's employment hereunder shall be terminated by reason of
       the liquidation of the Company for the purposes of reconstruction or
       amalgamation then the Executive shall be offered employment with any
       concern or undertaking resulting from such reconstruction or amalgamation
       on terms and conditions not less favourable than the terms of this
       Agreement as then in operation and the Executive shall have no claim
       against the Company in respect of the termination of his employment
       hereunder by reason of liquidation for such purposes.

19.3.  Prior agreements

       This Agreement sets out the entire agreement and understanding of the
       parties and is in substitution for any previous contracts of employment
       or for services between the Company or any of its Group Companies and the
       Executive (which shall be deemed to have been terminated by mutual
       consent).

19.4.  Accrued rights

       The expiration or termination of this Agreement however arising shall not
       operate to

                                       25

<PAGE>

       affect such of the provisions of this Agreement as are expressed to
       operate or have effect after then and shall be without prejudice to any
       accrued rights or remedies of the parties.

19.5.  Proper law

       The validity construction and performance of this Agreement shall be
       governed by English law.

19.6.  Acceptance of jurisdiction

       All disputes claims or proceedings between the parties relating to the
       valid construction or performance of this Agreement shall be subject to
       the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice in England
       and Wales ("the High Court") to which the parties irrevocably submit.

19.7.  Notices

       Any notice to be given by a party under this Agreement must be in writing
       and must be given by delivery at or sending first class post or other
       faster postal service, or facsimile transmission or other means of
       telecommunication in permanent written form (provided the addressee has
       facilities for receiving such transmissions) to the last known postal
       address or relevant telecommunications number of the other party. Where
       notice is given by sending in a prescribed manner it shall be deemed to
       have been received when in the ordinary course of the means of
       transmission it would be received by the addressee. To prove the giving
       of a notice it shall be sufficient to show it was despatched. A notice
       shall have effect from the sooner of its actual or deemed receipt by the
       addressee.

                                       26

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS whereof the Executive and the Company have executed this document as
a Deed the day and year first before written



SIGNED AND DELIVERED AS A DEED          )
by the Executive in the presence of:    )





EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A DEED        )
by the Company acting by:               )




Director: ________________________________



Director/Secretary: ______________________



in the presence of: ______________________

                                       27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
