<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>dex1013.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SEPARATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN PROVANT AND NORMAN G. FORNELLA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.13

                                                         [GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]


                                                      Provant, Inc.
                                                      Human Resources
                                                      1101 King Street
                                                      Alexandria, VA 22314-2944
                                                      Telephone 703 960 7000
                                                      Fax 703 960 6152


November 18, 2002

Mr. Norman G. Fornella
1 Kroner Farm Court
Upper Saddle River, NJ 07458

Dear Norm:

This letter will outline the terms of your separation from employment with
Provant, Inc. Your resignation on September 20, 2002 ended your employment with
Provant.

Final Pay
On September 20, 2002, you received a final wage payment in the gross amount of
$30,287.60, subject to applicable withholding and deductions. This payment
constituted payment in full of all amounts due to you for services rendered
through your employment separation date, including six (6) weeks accrued but
unused paid vacation.

Post-Employment Benefits
Upon termination of your employment, your right to participate in, or receive
benefits under, Provant's employee benefit plans will terminate. Your current
medical, dental, and vision elections terminated on September 30, 2002 at which
time you and your qualified beneficiaries, if any, became eligible to elect to
continue coverage in accordance with and subject to COBRA. COBRA election
information was mailed to your separately. Information concerning your 401(k)
Plan account also was mailed to you separately. Enclosed is an application to
convert your group-sponsored life insurance to an individual policy.

Special Severance Benefit
In addition to your final pay, you are eligible to receive $30,000 as a special
severance benefit, subject to applicable withholding (the "Severance Benefit"),
if, but only if, you sign and comply with the Separation Agreement attached to
this letter as Appendix A and incorporated herein by reference. This Severance
Benefit will be paid to you in six equal installments of $5,000 payable on
September 30, 2002, October 15, 2002, October 30, 2002, November 15, 2002,
November 30, 2002 and December 15, 2002. You are hereby advised to consult with
an attorney concerning the Separation Agreement before signing it.

Return of Company Property
It is understood that you have returned all Company property in your possession
or under your control. This includes the following:

  .   Amounts owed to the Company for any unresolved travel expenses or cash
      advances.
  .   Identification badges and electronic pass cards.
  .   Corporate credit cards.
  .   Keys to Company-owned facilities, offices, desks and cabinets.
  .   Company-owned software, manuals, files and confidential materials.
  .   Computer equipment and office/work tools such as laptops, cellular
      phones, calculators, adding machines and pagers.
  .   All system passwords.
  .   All memoranda, notes, records, charts, reports, letters and other
      documents made, compiled, received, held or used by you while employed by
      the Company concerning any phase of the Company's operations.

<PAGE>

                                       2

We wish you the very best in all of your future endeavors. If you have any
questions, please feel free to contact me at 703-317-0320.

Sincerely,

/s/ Irene M. Byrne
Irene M. Byrne
Vice President
Human Resources

Encs.

1164410.2

<PAGE>
                                                                     APPENDIX A

                             SEPARATION AGREEMENT

   In exchange for the severance benefits described in the letter dated
November 18, 2002 from Provant, Inc. (the "Company") to me, which letter is
incorporated herein by reference (the "Severance Benefit") and for other good
and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, I hereby
release, waive, covenant not to sue and discharge the Company, its successors,
past and present affiliates, subsidiaries and assigns (the "PROVANT Group") and
each and all of their respective past and present shareholders, directors,
officers, employees, representatives, attorneys and assigns (the "Releasees")
from and with respect to any and all causes of action, contracts, liabilities
or claims in law or equity that I have had, now have or may have, whether known
or unknown ("Claims"), including, without limitation, all Claims in any way
related to or arising out of my employment by the PROVANT Group or any of its
members, the compensation, benefits and working conditions for that employment
and/or the termination of that employment, or pursuant to any federal, state or
local employment laws, regulations, executive orders or other requirements
including without limitation Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Worker Adjustment & Retraining Notification
Act, as they have been or may be amended, and I hereby agree that neither I nor
any of my heirs or personal representatives will ever assert in any forum any
Claims against any of the Releasees. This general release shall be binding upon
my heirs, personal representatives and assigns and shall inure to the benefit
of the Releasees and their respective heirs, personal representatives,
successors and assigns.

   I acknowledge that during the course of my employment with the Company I
have had access to confidential and proprietary information concerning the
PROVANT Group's business affairs, including, without limitation, trade secrets,
customer lists and marketing, financial and business strategies. In further
consideration of the Severance Benefit, I hereby agree not to use or disclose
any confidential or proprietary information of the PROVANT Group to any third
party. I agree not to make any adverse remarks whatsoever concerning the
business, operations, strategies, policies, prospects, affairs and financial
condition of the PROVANT Group or any of its members.

   I acknowledge and agree that the term of my employment under the Employment
Agreement dated May 2, 2001 between the Company and me (the "Employment
Agreement") terminated effective September 20, 2002. I acknowledge and agree
that the non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions set forth in Section
7 of the Employment Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment
with the Company and remain in full force and effect until September 20, 2004.

   In further consideration for the Severance Benefit, I hereby agree that I
will be available during the period beginning October 1, 2002 and ending on
December 31, 2002 upon reasonable notice from the Company to assist the Company
with transition issues and other matters relating to the Company's strategic
initiatives.

   I acknowledge and agree that this Separation Agreement including the terms
of the letter dated November 18, 2002 from the Company to me, which is
incorporated herein by reference, embodies the entire agreement and
understanding between the Company and me regarding the terms of the separation
of my employment from the Company. I hereby agree that there are no other
benefits, compensation or remuneration of any kind owing to me from the PROVANT
Group except for the Severance Benefit. I acknowledge and agree that the
Company's obligation to pay me the Severance Benefit is conditioned on my
continued compliance with the covenants set forth in this Separation Agreement
and the surviving provisions of the Employment Agreement.

   I acknowledge that I have been notified to consult with an attorney before
signing this Agreement and that I have been given 21 days from the date this
Agreement was presented to me within which to consider signing the Agreement. I
understand that if I sign this Agreement, then I will have 7 days after I sign
within which to revoke the Agreement, and that the Agreement will not become
effective or enforceable (and that no severance benefits will be paid to me
under the Agreement) until that 7-day revocation period has expired.

   I acknowledge that I have read this Separation Agreement and understand all
of its terms. I execute this Separation Agreement voluntarily and with full
knowledge of its significance.

                                      3

<PAGE>

                                       2



WITNESS the carrying out hereof as an instrument under seal this 2nd day of
December, 2002.


                                                     /s/ Norman G. Fornella
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     [Signature]


                                                     Norman G. Fornella
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     [Print Name]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
