<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2102859zex-10_35.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.35
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.35

                                 April 19, 2002

I, Enrique Narciso hereby tender my resignation as an officer and director of
StarMedia Network, Inc. Such resignation shall be effective immediately. In
connection with my resignation, the Company and I have agreed as follows:

- The Company shall provide me with a lump sum cash payment of $75,000, less
legally required deductions. Such payment shall be deposited with a mutually
acceptable escrow agent no later than close of business April 23, 2002. Provided
that I have otherwise complied with the terms and conditions set forth below,
such amount shall be delivered to me by such escrow agent no later than April
29, 2002.

- I will retain possession of my laptop computer (provided that not later than
April 23, 2002 I will provide the laptop to the Company for the purposes of
making a copy of its hard drive and will certify in writing that I have not
deleted any files therefrom since April 18, 2002).

- The Company will continue to pay for the health insurance coverage currently
being provided to me by the Company for a period of twelve (12) months, which
twelve (12) month period shall end on April 30, 2003.

- The Company will allow me to use the Company cell phone and cell service
through May 31, 2002.

- The Company will allow me to remove all my personal possessions from the
Company.

- The Company and I agree that neither party nor the Company's officers or
directors will make any disparaging statements about the other.

- I will cooperate with the Company in its transition to a new management team,
including but not limited to, contacting current customers and venders of the
Company and providing such other assistance as the Company's President and/or
COO may reasonably request in connection with the transition.

- The Company and I will enter into a customary mutual release with respect to
all obligations between the parties other than the enforcement of the terms
described herein.

- The Company will continue to provide me D&O insurance as described in my
employment agreement.

- I will cooperate with the Company related to any third party action against
the Company. The Company will pay for any expenses I incur related to such
cooperation, including but not limited to, reasonable attorney fees and
costs. In the event that I am contacted by any third party to provide
information about the Company in connection with a threatened or pending
investigation, claim or lawsuit against the Company, I will promptly advise
the Company of the details of such contact and will not cooperate with such
party except to the extent otherwise required by law.

The parties agree to enter into and execute, no later than April 23, 2002,
definitive agreements reflecting the foregoing and such other customary terms
and conditions as the parties may agree. However, the above terms and conditions
shall be binding upon the parties until such time as the definitive agreements
are prepared and executed.

I further acknowledge and agree that the Company intends to file on Form 8-K
information about my resignation substantially in the form attached hereto.

If the foregoing comports with your understanding, please execute this letter in
the space provided below and return a copy to my attention.

Sincerely,

                               /s/ ENRIQUE NARCISO

                               ENRIQUE NARCISO


Agreed to and accepted this
19 day of April, 2002

STARMEDIA NETWORK, INC.


                           BY: /s/ MICHAEL HARTMAN
                              --------------------
                           PRINT NAME: MICHAEL HARTMAN
                           TITLE: GENERAL COUNSEL

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
