<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED LEASE AGREE
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10 (c)



                      AMENDED AND RESTATED LEASE AGREEMENT


     This  Amended and  Restated  Lease  Agreement  (the  "Lease") is made as of
December 14, 1999,  but  effective as of January 1, 2000,  by and between  WHITE
DEER WAREHOUSING & DISTRIBUTION  CENTER,  INC., c/o Thomas B. Keller,  401 Broad
Street,  Montoursville,  PA 17754 ("Landlord") and WEST PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES,
INC., 101 Gordon Drive, Lionville, PA 19341 ("Tenant").

     WHEREAS,   Landlord   and  Tenant,   as   successor  to  The  West  Company
Incorporated,  are parties to a certain Lease  Agreement  dated October 15, 1996
(the "Original Lease"),  pursuant to which Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant
rents from Landlord  approximately  105,151  rentable square feet (the "Original
Premises")  located  in a building  containing  approximately  197,411  rentable
square feet located at Route 15, Clinton Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
(the "Building"); and

     WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to amend and restate the Original Lease
to provide for an  expansion  of the  Original  Premises to the entire  Building
(subject to the Existing Leases, as defined herein), an extension of the term of
the Original Lease, and such other modifications, terms and conditions set forth
herein.

     NOW  THEREFORE,  for Ten  Dollars  ($10.00)  and  other  good and  valuable
consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound hereby. Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1.   RESTATEMENT OF ORIGINAL LEASE; CREATION OF NEW LEASED PREMISES.

     Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that, as of the Commencement Date
described  below, the Original Lease shall be and hereby is amended and restated
by this Lease  Agreement.  Landlord  hereby  leases to Tenant  197,411  rentable
square  feet in the  Building,  as more  particularly  shown on the  space  plan
attached  hereto and made a part  hereof as Exhibit  "A" (the  "Premises");  the
occupancy of which shall be subject to the terms and  conditions of the existing
leases from Landlord to Tenant, as described in Exhibit "B" attached hereto (the
"Existing Leases"). The Premises contains the fixtures,  improvements, and other
property now installed.  Tenant  accepts the Premises in its current  condition,
"as-is", without any representation or warranty of Landlord, except as expressly
set forth herein.

     The Premises shall include the entire Building as well as the land south of
the creek bed ("Land").

     Landlord agrees to deliver,  on or prior to the effectiveness of this Lease
Agreement,  sublease  agreements from the tenants under the Existing Leases,  in
the form of Exhibit "C"  attached  hereto,  pursuant to which such  tenants will
agree to become subtenants to Tenant.

2.   TERM.

     The initial term  ("Initial  Term") of this Lease begins on January 1, 2000
(the  "Commencement  Date") and shall end on December 31, 2009 (the  "Expiration
Date"), subject to the extension options contained below.





<PAGE>

     Provided  that Tenant is not then in default  under this  Lease,  Tenant is
hereby  granted  the  option  to  extend  the term of this  Lease  for three (3)
additional  terms (each of such additional  terms, a "Renewal Term") of five (5)
years each,  each such option to be  exercised  by Tenant,  if at all, by giving
written  notice not less than  ninety (90) days prior to the  expiration  of the
Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term. The Initial Term and any Renewal Term
are sometimes referred to together in this Lease as the "Term" hereof

3.   BASE RENT; SECURITY DEPOSIT.

     Tenant  shall pay to Landlord at the office of  Landlord,  or at such other
place as Landlord  may  designate,  annual Base Rent during the first Lease year
equal to Six  Hundred  Ninety  Thousand  Nine  Hundred  Thirty  Eight and 50/100
Dollars  ($690,938.50)  (representing the sum obtained by multiplying the square
feet  of  the  Premises  by  $3.50);   payable  in  twelve  (12)  equal  monthly
installments  of Fifty Seven  Thousand  Five  Hundred  Seventy  Eight and 21/100
Dollars  ($57,578.21).  After the first Lease year,  and  including  all Renewal
Terms,  the  annual  Base  Rent  shall be  increased  from the Base Rent for the
previous Lease year by the  percentage  increase in the Consumer Price Index (as
hereinafter  defined) between October of the previous  calendar year and October
of the then current calendar year, with a minimum increase of three percent (3%)
and a maximum  increase of five percent (5%).  "Consumer Price Index" shall mean
the Consumer Price Index for All Urban  Consumers  released by the United States
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, relating to Consumer Prices for
All Items in the Philadelphia Area.

     All of these  payments shall be made on or before the first day of each and
every month following the Commencement Date during the Term, without any set-off
or deduction  except as herein  specified.  If the  Commencement  Date occurs on
other than the first day of a month,  the Base Rent for such month  shall be pro
rated.

     As security for  performance of its  obligations  under this Lease,  Tenant
shall pay to  Landlord a security  deposit  in the amount  equal to  $57,578.21,
representing one month's rent as calculated in the first Lease year.

4.   CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT FUND.


     In addition to the payments of Base Rent described above,  Tenant shall pay
to Landlord from and after the Commencement Date an annual amount equal to Fifty
Cents (.50 cents) per square foot in the  Premises,  to be paid in equal monthly
installments throughout each Lease Year (the "Capital Improvement Reserve"). The
Capital  Improvement Reserve shall be subject to the same annual increase by the
percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index as set forth in Section 3 above.
The Capital  Improvement  Reserve may be used by Landlord,  upon prior notice to
Tenant, to pay for capital  improvements,  replacements and reasonable financing
costs  (as  referred  to in  Paragraph  8(b) and 8(c)  below and as  defined  by
generally  accepted  accounting  principles)  required to the Building  from and
after the Commencement Date;  provided,  however,  that the Capital  Improvement
Reserve shall only be used to pay for capital  improvement and replacement  work
performed  in a manner and  during  such  times as is  customary  for such work.
Landlord and Tenant  agree that each will take such steps  necessary to bid such
work  wherever   reasonably   practicable  so  as  to  minimize   excess  costs.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Landlord must make any and all necessary capital
improvements  and  replacements to the Building  regardless of whether there are
sufficient funds in the Capital Improvement Reserve to fund such improvements or
replacements.  In the event that the Capital Improvement Reserve is insufficient
to fund necessary capital improvements or replacements, and Landlord is required
to advance such funds,  subsequent payments by Tenant to the Capital Improvement
Reserve can be used to reimburse  Landlord.  Any dispute regarding the necessity
of  capital  improvements  or  replacements  will  be  subject  to  the  dispute
resolution provisions set forth in Section 8(c).

5.   ADDITIONAL RENT.

     (a) Definitions.  For the purpose of this Lease,  "Real Estate Taxes" means
the sum of (a) real  property  taxes,  special or  otherwise,  imposed  upon the
Premises,  at discounted rates only, and (b) reasonable  legal fees,  costs, and
disbursements  incurred for  proceedings to contest,  determine,  or reduce Real
Estate  Taxes,  provided  such method for  contesting  the Real Estate  Taxes is
agreed to in writing by Landlord and Tenant.

     (b) Payment by Tenant.  Tenant shall pay all Real Estate Taxes imposed upon
the Premises  within  thirty (30) days net from the date of receipt by Tenant of
written notice from Landlord of such amounts due from Tenant;  provided however,
that Landlord shall pay its proportionate share of the real estate taxes imposed
on the land that is north of the creek bed. The assessed value of the land north
of the creek bed shall be  determined  by a pro ration of the  locally  assessed
land values.

6.   UTILITIES.

     (a) Tenant shall pay the cost of all light, power,  natural gas, fuel, oil,
sprinkler  stand-by service,  water,  telephone,  sewer, and other utilities and
services supplied to the Premises. Tenant shall pay such charges directly to the
providing  utility.  Landlord  shall  not be  liable  to  Tenant,  and  Tenant's
obligations  under  the  Lease  shall  not  be  abated,  in  the  event  of  any
interruption  or inadequacy  of any utility or service  supplied to the Premises
unless such  interruption  or  inadequacy  is caused by the gross  negligence or
wilful  misconduct  of  Landlord,  and then  only to the  extent  Tenant  is not
compensated by any insurance  required to be carried by Tenant  hereunder or any
other insurance actually carried by Tenant.

     (b) In the event public sewer  service  becomes  available to the Premises,
Tenant  shall pay all normal  assessments  pursuant to Section  6(a) above,  and
sewer rents applicable thereto.  Landlord shall pay the cost of all hook-up fees
and  the  cost of the  installation  and  replacement  of all  applicable  sewer
connection lines serving the Premises.

7.   USE OF PREMISES. The Premises may be used by Tenant for any lawful purpose.

8.   MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS.

     (a) Tenant Responsibilities. Tenant shall keep and maintain the Premises in
good order,  condition and repair during the Term.  Tenant shall be  responsible
for (i) routine  maintenance  and repair of the parking  areas  surrounding  the
Building, and the roof areas above the Premises as shown on Exhibit "D" attached
hereto, (ii) lawn maintenance and landscaping of the Land south of the creek bed
and (iii) snow and ice removal  surrounding  the  Building and the Land south of
the creek bed.  To assist  Tenant in its  maintenance  responsibilities,  Tenant
shall have cooperative use and maintenance  responsibility  (but not replacement
responsibility)  of  Landlord's   presently  existing   maintenance   equipment,
including  Landlord's scissor jack,  maintenance  tractor and related equipment.
Tenant  shall not commit any waste or  nuisance  in the  Premises  nor allow its
agents or employees to do so. Landlord,  at Tenant's  expense,  shall perform an
annual  maintenance  inspection of all roof areas above the Premises as shown on
Exhibit "D"  attached  hereto,  which such annual  inspection  shall result in a
written  inspection  report to be  provided to  Landlord  and Tenant;  provided,
however,  that Landlord  shall obtain  Tenant's  prior  written  approval of the
inspection   company   selected  by  Landlord,   which  approval  shall  not  be
unreasonably withheld or delayed

     (b)  Landlord   Responsibilities.   Landlord  shall  be   responsible   for
replacement,  as defined by generally accepted accounting principles, as needed,
of the parking areas  surrounding  the  Building,  the roof and structure of the
Building,  and the Building's  systems and any and all  equipment,  fixtures and
appurtenances  furnished by the  Landlord,  as described in Exhibit "E" attached
hereto; provided,  however, that Landlord shall not be responsible for uninsured
damage  arising  from the  negligent  act or omission  of Tenant,  its agents or
employees,  which shall be repaired by Tenant at Tenant's expense. Repairs which
affect business operations in the Premises shall be scheduled after hours to the
extent feasible.

     (c) Dispute Resolution.  Disputes between Landlord and Tenant as to whether
a  condition  warrants  repair by Tenant or  replacement  by  Landlord  shall be
determined by an independent  expert chosen  jointly by Landlord and Tenant.  In
the event that Landlord and Tenant cannot agree on an independent  expert,  each
of Landlord  and Tenant shall  select one expert,  and both such  experts  shall
select a third expert,  who shall, in  consultation  with the other two experts,
make the determination as to whether the condition  warrants necessary repair or
replacement.

9.   ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS.

     Tenant shall not make any "material" alterations, additions or improvements
to the Premises (the  "Alterations")  without  Landlord's prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Tenant shall be permitted
to make  non-structural  Alterations  to the Premises  without the prior written
consent of Landlord,  if such  Alterations are not  "material".  As used herein,
"material"  shall mean  Alterations  performed for a price of more than $50,000.
Disputes between  Landlord and Tenant as to whether a non-structural  Alteration
is "material" shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in
Section 8(c). Tenant shall procure all governmental  permits and  authorizations
for the Alterations,  and obtain and provide to Landlord an official certificate
of  occupancy  and/or   compliance  upon  completion  of  the  Alterations,   if
appropriate.  Tenant shall  construct the  Alterations in a good and workmanlike
manner  utilizing  materials of first class quality and in  compliance  with all
laws and governmental regulations.  Alterations that remain on the Premises upon
termination of the Lease shall become the property of Landlord,  including items
that are  considered  an integral  part of the Building  and  Building  systems;
provided, however, that Tenant shall have the right to remove all alterations or
improvements  that are an  integral  part of its  business  operation  and shall
return such areas to their  condition  prior to the alteration or improvement by
Tenant.

10.  ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS.

     Landlord shall not build any building on the Land to the south of the creek
bed without  Tenant's  prior written  consent,  which shall not be  unreasonably
withheld  or  delayed.  Tenant  can  reasonably  withhold  consent if any of the
following  conditions are not met: (i) the building must be  freestanding,  (ii)
the building  must have  adequate,  self-contained  parking  (i.e.,  have enough
parking  spaces  to meet the  buildings'  needs,  without  sacrificing  Tenant's
parking or exterior  storage  needs),  (iii) the building event that the Capital
Improvement  Reserve is insufficient to fund necessary  capital  improvements or
replacements,  and  Landlord  is  required  to advance  such  funds,  subsequent
payments by Tenant to the Capital  Improvement  Reserve can be used to reimburse
Landlord.  Any  dispute  regarding  the  necessity  of capital  improvements  or
replacements will be subject to the dispute  resolution  provisions set forth in
Section 8(c).

5.   ADDITIONAL RENT.

     (a) Definitions.  For the purpose of this Lease,  "Real Estate Taxes" means
the sum of (a) real  property  taxes,  special or  otherwise,  imposed  upon the
Premises,  at discounted rates only, and (b) reasonable  legal fees,  costs, and
disbursements  incurred for  proceedings to contest,  determine,  or reduce Real
Estate  Taxes,  provided  such method for  contesting  the Real Estate  Taxes is
agreed to in writing by Landlord and Tenant.

     (b) Payment by Tenant.  Tenant shall pay all Real Estate Taxes imposed upon
the Premises  within  thirty (30) days net from the date of receipt by Tenant of
written notice from Landlord of such amounts due from Tenant;  provided however,
that Landlord shall pay its proportionate share of the real estate taxes imposed
on the land that is north of the creek bed. The assessed value of the land north
of the creek bed shall be  determined  by a pro ration of the  locally  assessed
land values.

6.   UTILITIES.

     (a) Tenant shall pay the cost of all light, power,  natural gas, fuel, oil,
sprinkler  stand-by service,  water,  telephone,  sewer, and other utilities and
services supplied to the Premises. Tenant shall pay such charges directly to the
providing  utility.  Landlord  shall  not be  liable  to  Tenant,  and  Tenant's
obligations  under  the  Lease  shall  not  be  abated,  in  the  event  of  any
interruption  or inadequacy  of any utility or service  supplied to the Premises
unless such  interruption  or  inadequacy  is caused by the gross  negligence or
wilful  misconduct  of  Landlord,  and then  only to the  extent  Tenant  is not
compensated by any insurance  required to be carried by Tenant  hereunder or any
other insurance actually carried by Tenant.

     (b) In the event public sewer  service  becomes  available to the Premises,
Tenant  shall pay all normal  assessments  pursuant to Section  6(a) above,  and
sewer rents applicable thereto.  Landlord shall pay the cost of all hook-up fees
and  the  cost of the  installation  and  replacement  of all  applicable  sewer
connection lines serving the Premises.

7.   USE OF PREMISES. The Premises may be used by Tenant for any lawful purpose.

8.   MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS.

     (a) Tenant Responsibilities. Tenant shall keep and maintain the Premises in
good order,  condition and repair during the Term.  Tenant shall be  responsible
for (i) routine  maintenance  and repair of the parking  areas  surrounding  the
Building, and the roof areas above the Premises as shown on Exhibit "D" attached
hereto, (ii) lawn maintenance and landscaping of the Land south of the creek bed
and (iii) snow and ice removal  surrounding  the  Building and the Land south of
the creek bed.  To assist  Tenant in its  maintenance  responsibilities,  Tenant
shall have cooperative use and maintenance  responsibility  (but not replacement
responsibility)  of  Landlord's   presently  existing   maintenance   equipment,
including  Landlord's scissor jack,  maintenance  tractor and related equipment.
Tenant  shall not commit any waste or  nuisance  in the  Premises  nor allow its
agents or employees to do so. Landlord,  at Tenant's  expense,  shall perform an
annual  maintenance  inspection of all roof areas above the Premises as shown on
Exhibit "D"  attached  hereto,  which such annual  inspection  shall result in a
written  inspection  report to be  provided to  Landlord  and Tenant;  provided,
however,  that Landlord  shall obtain  Tenant's  prior  written  approval of the
inspection   company   selected  by  Landlord,   which  approval  shall  not  be
unreasonably withheld or delayed

     (b)  Landlord   Responsibilities.   Landlord  shall  be   responsible   for
replacement,  as defined by generally accepted accounting principles, as needed,
of the parking areas  surrounding  the  Building,  the roof and structure of the
Building,  and the Building's  systems and any and all  equipment,  fixtures and
appurtenances  furnished by the  Landlord,  as described in Exhibit "E" attached
hereto; provided,  however, that Landlord shall not be responsible for uninsured
damage  arising  from the  negligent  act or omission  of Tenant,  its agents or
employees,  which shall be repaired by Tenant at Tenant's expense. Repairs which
affect business operations in the Premises shall be scheduled after hours to the
extent feasible.

     (c) Dispute Resolution.  Disputes between Landlord and Tenant as to whether
a  condition  warrants  repair by Tenant or  replacement  by  Landlord  shall be
determined by an independent  expert chosen  jointly by Landlord and Tenant.  In
the event that Landlord and Tenant cannot agree on an independent  expert,  each
of Landlord  and Tenant shall  select one expert,  and both such  experts  shall
select a third expert,  who shall, in  consultation  with the other two experts,
make the determination as to whether the condition  warrants necessary repair or
replacement.

9.   ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS.

     Tenant shall not make any "material" alterations, additions or improvements
to the Premises (the  "Alterations")  without  Landlord's prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Tenant shall be permitted
to make  non-structural  Alterations  to the Premises  without the prior written
consent of Landlord,  if such  Alterations are not  "material".  As used herein,
"material"  shall mean  Alterations  performed for a price of more than $50,000.
Disputes between  Landlord and Tenant as to whether a non-structural  Alteration
is "material" shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in
Section 8(c). Tenant shall procure all governmental  permits and  authorizations
for the Alterations,  and obtain and provide to Landlord an official certificate
of  occupancy  and/or   compliance  upon  completion  of  the  Alterations,   if
appropriate.  Tenant shall  construct the  Alterations in a good and workmanlike
manner  utilizing  materials of first class quality and in  compliance  with all
laws and governmental regulations.  Alterations that remain on the Premises upon
termination of the Lease shall become the property of Landlord,  including items
that are  considered  an integral  part of the Building  and  Building  systems;
provided, however, that Tenant shall have the right to remove all alterations or
improvements  that are an  integral  part of its  business  operation  and shall
return such areas to their  condition  prior to the alteration or improvement by
Tenant.

10.  ADDITIONAL BUILDINGS.

     Landlord shall not build any building on the Land to the south of the creek
bed without  Tenant's  prior written  consent,  which shall not be  unreasonably
withheld  or  delayed.  Tenant  can  reasonably  withhold  consent if any of the
following  conditions are not met: (i) the building must be  freestanding,  (ii)
the building  must have  adequate,  self-contained  parking  (i.e.,  have enough
parking  spaces  to meet the  buildings'  needs,  without  sacrificing  Tenant's
parking or exterior  storage  needs),  (iii) the building event that the Capital
Improvement  Reserve is insufficient to fund necessary  capital  improvements or
replacements,  and  Landlord  is  required  to advance  such  funds,  subsequent
payments by Tenant to the Capital  Improvement  Reserve can be used to reimburse
Landlord.  Any  dispute  regarding  the  necessity  of capital  improvements  or
replacements will be subject to the dispute  resolution  provisions set forth in
Section 8(c).


11.  COVENANT AGAINST LIENS.

     Tenant  shall  not have any right to  subject  Landlord's  interest  in the
Premises to any mechanic's lien or any other lien whatsoever.  If any mechanic's
lien or other  lien,  charge or order for  payment of money  shall be filed as a
result of the act or omission of Tenant, Tenant shall cause such lien, charge or
order to be  discharged  or  appropriately  bonded within thirty (30) days after
notice from  Landlord  thereof,  and Tenant shall  indemnify  and save  Landlord
harmless from all liabilities and costs resulting therefrom.

12.  ENVIRONMENTAL LAW COMPLIANCE.

     (a) Tenant  agrees that it shall,  at its sole cost and  expense,  fulfill,
observe  and  comply  with all of the  applicable  terms and  provisions  of all
federal,  state  and  local  environmental  laws now in  effect  or  hereinafter
enacted,  as any of the same may be  amended  from time to time,  and all rules,
regulations,  ordinances,  opinions, orders and directives issued or promulgated
pursuant  thereto  or  in  connection  therewith,  as  may  relate  to  Tenant's
operations  and/or  possession or use of the Premises  whether  pursuant to this
Lease or otherwise.  Tenant will provide to Landlord  written notice within five
(5) business days of all notices  received from any  government  agency that are
served upon Tenant which claim a violation  of any  environmental  laws,  rules,
regulations,  ordinances or orders of any federal,  state or local government or
which call  attention to the need for an  investigation,  remediation,  response
action on or in connection with the Premises.

     (b) Without  limiting the foregoing,  Tenant agrees,  to indemnify and hold
Landlord  harmless from and against any and all  liability,  penalties,  losses,
expenses (including,  but not limited to, reasonable  engineering and consulting
fees),  damages,  costs  (including,  but not  limited to,  reasonable  costs of
compliance and testing), claims, causes of action, judgments and/or the like, of
whatever nature,  including,  but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, to
the extent said lien, encumbrance,  liability,  penalty, loss, expense,  damage,
cost,  claim,  cause of  action,  judgment  and/or  the like  arises  from or in
connection  with Tenant's  failure or  inability,  to observe or comply with all
environmental laws; provided,  however,  that such  indemnification  shall apply
only to  liabilities  incurred by Tenant in the space in the  Building  actually
occupied by Tenant and shall not apply to liabilities  incurred by other past or
present tenants in the Building.

     (c) Landlord, at Landlord's sole cost and expense,  shall conduct a Phase I
Environmental  Audit  (the  "Environmental  Audit")  of all of the  space in the
Building leased by Landlord to other past or present  tenants,  excluding Tenant
(the "Other Tenant Space"), by May 31, 2000.  Landlord,  at Landlord's sole cost
and expense,  shall be responsible for performing any further  investigations or
remedial  activities required or recommended to be performed on the Other Tenant
Space. Landlord and Tenant agree and acknowledge that the performance of a Phase
I Environmental  Audit is not conclusive  evidence of the presence or absence of
environmental contamination. Without limiting the foregoing, Landlord agrees, to
indemnify  and hold Tenant  harmless  from and  against  any and all  liability,
penalties,   losses,  expenses  (including,   but  not  limited  to,  reasonable
engineering and consulting fees), damages, costs (including, but not limited to,
reasonable costs of compliance and testing), claims, causes of action, judgments
and/or the like, of whatever nature,  including,  but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys' fees, to the extent said lien, encumbrance, liability, penalty, loss,
expense,  damage, cost, claim, cause of action,  judgment and/or the like arises
from or in connection with Landlord's failure or inability, to observe or comply
with all environmental laws; provided,  however, that such indemnification shall
apply only to liabilities  incurred by Landlord in the space in the Building not
occupied by Tenant.

     (d) Tenant agrees that each of the foregoing  provisions of this Section 12
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the term of this Lease.

     (e)  Landlord  and Tenant  agree that  throughout  the Term of this  Lease,
neither  Landlord or Tenant will use,  generate,  process,  manufacture,  store,
handle, treat, release,  discharge or dispose of any Hazardous Substances at the
Premises,  nor will give any other person or entity the right to use,  generate,
process, manufacture, store, handle, treat, release, discharge or dispose of any
Hazardous Substances at the Premises.

     (f)  Landlord,  at  Landlord's  expense,  shall have access to the Premises
during  normal  business  hours  to  conduct  any and all  reasonable,  periodic
environmental  tests and inspections that the Landlord deems necessary.  If such
testing or inspections interferes with or disrupts Tenant's business operations,
Landlord shall reimburse  Tenant for any and all costs and expenses  incurred by
Tenant  as a result  of such  disruption  or  interference,  including,  but not
limited to, administrative costs, direct costs and legal costs.

13.  ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

     Tenant shall have the right to freely  assign this Lease or sublet any part
of or the entire  Premises,  without  the  requirement  of  Landlord's  consent,
provided,  however,  that the term of any sublease shall not be greater than the
term of this Lease.  Tenant shall be released from its obligations  contained in
this Lease if it assigns this Lease to an assignee  showing  financial  strength
and stability reasonably acceptable to Landlord and Landlord's mortgagee,  which
such  acceptance  shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  In the event
Tenant  desires  to assign  this  Lease or sublet the  Premises,  upon  Tenant's
request, Landlord shall cooperate in good faith to assist Tenant in locating and
reaching  appropriate  agreements  with  one or  more  substitute  Tenant(s)  or
sublessee(s),  whose  uses are  compatible  to that of Tenant  and  comply  with
Landlord's financing  requirements.  In the event Tenant assigns or sublets this
Lease,  Landlord  agrees  to enter  into a  non-disturbance,  subordination  and
attornment  agreement  stating that so long as such assignee or subtenant is not
in default  under this Lease,  its use and occupancy of the Premises will not be
disturbed by Landlord,  so long as such  assignee or subtenant  has agreed to be
bound by the terms and  conditions of this Lease  applicable to it. Tenant shall
be responsible for the collection of all rents from its subtenant(s).

14.  CASUALTY.

     (a) If the Building is damaged by fire or other casualty,  and the Building
cannot be fully  repaired  within  one  hundred  eighty  (180)  days  after such
casualty  occurred,  then,  Tenant may elect to  terminate  this Lease by giving
written  notice to Landlord  within thirty (30) days after becoming aware of the
occurrence of the casualty.  If this Lease is not so terminated,  Landlord shall
repair  the damage as soon as  reasonably  possible,  in which  event this Lease
shall  remain in full force and effect  (but  Tenant  shall then have the right,
prior to the  completion  of the repairs or Tenant's  taking  possession  of the
Premises,  to terminate this Lease if the Building is not fully repaired  within
one hundred  eighty (180) days after such casualty  occurred).  The validity and
effect of this Lease shall not be impaired in any way by the failure of Landlord
to complete  repairs of the Building  within one hundred eighty (180) days after
commencement  of the work,  even if Landlord had in good faith  notified  Tenant
that the repair  could be  completed  within  such  period,  if such  failure to
complete  repair is due to  unreasonable  delays  caused  by Tenant or  Tenant's
insurance  company.  Tenant agrees to insure the Building on a replacement  cost
basis.

15.  CONDEMNATION.

     If any portion of the Land and/or  Building  shall be taken under the power
of eminent domain or sold under the threat thereof ("Condemnation") and Tenant's
use of the Premises is materially  adversely  affected in the reasonable opinion
of Tenant  exercised in good faith,  Tenant may  terminate  this Lease as of the
date on  which  title to the  Premises  or  portion  thereof  shall  vest in the
condemning authority.

16.  SURRENDER OF PREMISES.

     Upon  termination  of the Lease,  Tenant  shall  surrender  the Premises to
Landlord broom clean, and in good order and condition,  except for ordinary wear
and tear,  and damage by casualty which Tenant was not obligated to remedy under
Section 14. Tenant shall repair any damage to the Premises caused by the removal
by Tenant of any equipment and  machinery.  All  equipment,  machinery and other
personal  property of Tenant  remaining on the Premises after  Tenant's  removal
shall be deemed abandoned and may be retained by Landlord.

17.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.

     (a)  Tenant  shall  comply  with all laws,  rules,  ordinances,  orders and
regulations of any federal,  state and local  authority  which are applicable to
its manner of use and operation of the Premises.  Nothing herein contained shall
be  deemed  to  impose  any  obligation  upon  Tenant  to  make  any  structural
alterations, improvements or repairs to the Premises.

     (b)  Landlord  shall  comply  with all rules,  regulations,  orders,  laws,
ordinances and legal  requirements and standards issued  thereunder which affect
(1) the  Premises or the  Building;  or (2) which relate to the  performance  by
Landlord of any duties or  obligations  to be performed  by Landlord  under this
Lease.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing,  Landlord  shall  comply or cause the
Building to comply with all  environmental,  fire,  and health and safety  laws,
regulations  and codes  relating  to the  Building  structure  and not  Tenant's
manufacturing and operating systems.

18.  ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE.

     Tenant and Landlord  each agree that from time to time,  upon not less than
30 days prior  written  request by Landlord or Tenant,  each will deliver to the
other a statement in writing  certifying  to the best of its  knowledge (a) that
this Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been
modifications  that the Agreement as modified is in full force and effect);  (b)
the dates to which  the rent and other  charges  have  been  paid;  and (c) that
neither  party is in default  under any  provision of this  Agreement,  or if in
default, the nature thereof.

19.  SUBORDINATION.

     This Lease shall be  subordinate  and subject to all ground and  underlying
leases and to any mortgages thereon and to any mortgages covering the fee of the
Building, or Land, that now or may hereafter affect the Building, or Land and to
all renewals,  modifications or replacements  thereof;  provided,  however, that
with respect to any existing  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,
within  thirty (30) days after Tenant  executes  this Lease and, with respect to
any future  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,  on or before the
effective date thereof, Landlord shall obtain from its ground lessor, underlying
lessor and/or  mortgagee a written  agreement with Tenant which shall be binding
on their  respective  successors  and assigns and shall  provide that so long as
this Lease shall be in full force and effect Tenant's  possession and use of the
Premises  and Tenant's  other rights under this Lease,  shall not be affected or
disturbed by reason of the  subordination  to or any  modification of or default
under the ground or  underlying  lease or mortgage.  If the ground or underlying
lessor and/or mortgagee or any successor in interest shall succeed to the rights
of  Landlord  under  this  Lease,   whether  through  possession,   judicial  or
foreclosure  action,  or delivery of a deed, Tenant will attorn to and recognize
such  successor-landlord  as Tenant's landlord and the  successor-landlord  will
accept such  attornment and recognize  Tenant's  rights of possession and use of
the Leased Premises in accordance with the provisions of this Lease.

20.  DEFAULT BY TENANT.

     If Tenant (i) shall default in the payment of Base Rent or Additional  Rent
and such default shall  continue for 15 days after notice thereof from Landlord,
or (ii) shall default in the performance of any of its other  obligations  under
this Lease and if such default shall  continue for 30 days after notice  thereof
from Landlord  specifying  in what manner  Tenant has defaulted  (except that if
such  default  cannot be cured  within said 30 day period,  this period shall be
extended for a reasonable  additional  time,  provided that Tenant  commences to
cure such default within the 30 day period and proceeds diligently thereafter to
effect such cure) or (iii) files a petition  commencing a voluntary case, or has
filed against it a petition  commencing an involuntary  case,  under the Federal
Bankruptcy  Code (Title 11 of the United  States  Code),  as now or hereafter in
effect, or under any similar law, or files or has filed against it a petition or
answer in bankruptcy or for reorganization or for an arrangement pursuant to any
state  bankruptcy  law or any  similar  state law,  and, in the case of any such
involuntary  action,  such action shall not be  dismissed,  discharged or denied
within sixty (60) days after the filing  thereof then Landlord may (1) cure such
default and any costs and expenses incurred by Landlord therefor shall be deemed
Additional  Rent,  or (2) lawfully  enter the Premises and repossess the same as
the former estate of Landlord and expel Tenant and those  claiming  under Tenant
without being deemed  guilty of any manner of trespass and without  prejudice to
any  other  remedies  which  Landlord  may  have  for  arrears  of Base  Rent or
Additional  Rent or preceding  breach of covenant,  and upon entry as aforesaid,
this  Lease  shall  terminate  and  Tenant   covenants  that  in  case  of  such
termination,  it  will  indemnify  Landlord  against  all  loss  of  Base  Rent,
Additional  Rent and  other  reasonable  costs  and  expenses  actually  paid by
Landlord which Landlord incurs by reason of such termination  during the residue
of the term of this Lease.

21.  SUSPENSION OF TENANT DEFAULT.

     If Tenant shall dispute,  in good faith,  any Additional  Rent or other sum
(other  than Base Rent and  Capital  Improvement  Reserve)  claimed by  Landlord
hereunder and Tenant shall give Landlord written notice specifying in reasonable
detail the basis for its dispute,  Tenant may withhold payment of the particular
amount in dispute.  Tenant and Landlord shall proceed  diligently to resolve any
such  dispute by  agreement  or  arbitration  in  accordance  with Section 24 or
otherwise.  If the  dispute  is  resolved,  in  Landlord's  favor,  Tenant  will
reimburse Landlord the amount in dispute plus interest at 1% over prime from the
date of  objection by Tenant,  as well as any  additional  reasonable  costs and
fees,  including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees.  If the dispute is resolved,  in
Tenant's  favor,  Landlord  will  reimburse  Tenant the  amount in dispute  plus
interest at 1% over prime from the date of objection  by Tenant,  as well as any
additional reasonable costs and fees, including reasonable attorneys' fees.



22.  DEFAULT BY LANDLORD.

     If Landlord  defaults in the  performance or observance of any provision of
this Lease, Tenant shall give Landlord notice specifying in what manner Landlord
has  defaulted  and if such  default  shall not be cured by Landlord  within the
period of time  provided for elsewhere in this Lease,  and  otherwise  within 30
days after the delivery of such notice  (except  that if such default  cannot be
cured within said 30 day period,  this period shall be extended for a reasonable
additional  time,  provided that Landlord  commences to cure such default within
the 30 day period and  proceeds  diligently  thereafter  to effect  such  cure);
Tenant may cure such default and/or withhold payment of Base Rent and Additional
Rent due and to accrue  hereunder  (to the extent  necessary  to cover the costs
incurred  and/or  estimated by Tenant to cure such  default) so long as Landlord
remains in  default,  or invoice  Landlord  for costs and  expenses  (including,
without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and court costs)  incurred by
Tenant  therefor.  If Tenant cannot  reasonably  cure  Landlord's  default or if
Landlord docs not reimburse  Tenant within 30 days of receipt of any invoice for
the cost of such cure, Tenant may terminate this Lease.

23.  INSURANCE.

     (a) Tenant shall keep the  Building,  including the  Improvements,  insured
against  damage  and  destruction  by  fife,  earthquake,   tornado,  windstorm,
vandalism,  and other  perils in such  amounts  as to reflect  replacement  cost
values.

     (b) Landlord and Tenant shall each maintain  contractual and  comprehensive
general  liability  insurance,  including  public liability and property damage,
with a  minimum  combined  single  limit of  liability  of two  million  dollars
($2,000,000.00),  adjusted  annually  to reflect  increases  in  inflation,  for
personal  injuries or deaths of persons  occurring  in or about the Building and
Premises.  Annually,  each of  Landlord  and Tenant  shall  deliver to the other
certificates of insurers  evidencing such coverage.  Landlord shall name Tenant,
and  Tenant  shall  name  Landlord,  as  additional  insureds  on the  foregoing
policies.

     (c) Each party waives claims arising in any manner in its ("Injured Party")
favor and against the other party for loss or damage to Injured Party's property
located  within or  constituting  a part or all of the  Building but only to the
extent the loss or damage is covered by the Injured  Party's  insurance,  or the
insurance the Injured  Party is required to carry under this Section,  whichever
is  greater.  The waiver  also  applies  to each  party's  directors,  officers,
employees,  shareholders, and agents. The waiver docs not apply to claims caused
by a party's willful misconduct and/or negligence, or failure to comply with the
terms of this Lease.

24.  ARBITRATION.

     Any  disputes  between  Landlord  and Tenant  that are not  resolved by the
parties  within ten days after  either  party  gives  notice to the other of its
desire to arbitrate the dispute,  shall be settled by binding arbitration by the
American  Arbitration  Association  in accord  with its  then-prevailing  rules.
Judgment  upon  the  arbitration  award  may  be  entered  in any  court  having
jurisdiction.   The  arbitrators  shall  have  no  power  to  change  the  Lease
provisions.  The arbitration  panel shall consist of three  arbitrators,  one of
whom must be a real  estate  attorney  chosen  by such  arbitration  panel.  The
arbitrators  shall award the  prevailing  party  reasonable  expenses  and costs
including reasonable  attorneys' fees plus interest on the amount due at 12% per
annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less.

     The losing party shall pay to the prevailing  party the amount of the final
arbitration  award.  If  payment  is not made  within 10 days after the date the
arbitration  award is no longer  appealable,  then in addition  to any  remedies
under the law,  if  Landlord  is the  prevailing  party,  it shall have the same
remedies for failure to pay the arbitration award as it has for Tenant's failure
to pay Base  Rent,  and if Tenant is the  prevailing  party,  it may  deduct any
remaining  unpaid award from its monthly payment of Base Rent,  Additional Rent,
or other charges.

25.      NOTICES AND DEMANDS.

     All notices  required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been  given if hand  delivered,  sent by  recognized
overnight  delivery  service  providing  receipt of  delivery,  or mailed in any
United  States Post Office by certified or  registered  mail,  postage  prepaid,
addressed  to  Landlord or Tenant at the  addresses  set forth in the caption to
this Lease, or at such other address  provided by a party in accordance with the
provisions  of this  Section  26, or if sent by  facsimile  transmission  with a
separate copy  delivered or sent by any of the other means set forth above.  The
initial address of the Landlord and Tenant is set forth below:

         If to Landlord:

         White Deer Warehousing & Distribution Center, Inc.
         c/o Thomas B. Keller
         401 Broad Street
         Montoursville, PA 17754

         If to Tenant:

         West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.
         6453 U.S. Highway 15
         Montgomery, Pennsylvania 17752
         Attn.: Plant Manager

         With a copy to:

         West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.
         101 Gordon Drive
         Lionville, PA 19341
         Attn.: Mr. Dominick Labresco

     Any party  shall have the right from time to time and at any time,  upon at
least ten (10)  days'  prior  written  notice  delivered  pursuant  to the terms
hereof, to change its respective address and to specify any other address within
the United  States of  America,  provided  said new address is not a post office
box.

26.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     (a) Amendment.  This Agreement may not be modified,  changed, or terminated
in whole or in part in any manner  other than by an  agreement  in writing  duly
signed by both parties.

     (b) Consent or Permission.  Whenever the consent, permission or approval of
either the  Landlord  or Tenant is  required  under  this  Lease  such  consent,
permission or approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Whenever
any right of estimate,  judgment,  determination,  decision,  or promulgation is
vested in either party or their  representative  by this Lease,  such  estimate,
judgment, determination, decision, or promulgation shall be reasonable.

     (c)  Nonwaiver.  No  waiver of any  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be
implied by any  failure  of Tenant or  Landlord  to  enforce  any remedy for the
violation of such provision even if such violation be continued and/or repeated.
No express waiver shall affect any provision other than the one specified.

     (d) Attorneys' Fees. In any litigation  between the parties  regarding this
Lease,  the  losing  party  shall pay to the  prevailing  party  all  reasonable
expenses and court costs  including  attorneys'  fees incurred by the prevailing
party.  A party shall be considered  the  prevailing  party if it  substantially
obtains the relief it sought,  either  through a judgment or the losing  party's
voluntary action before judgment.

     (e) Governing Law. This Agreement and all questions arising hereunder shall
be  construed  and  governed by the laws and  regulations  of the State or local
government where the Building is located.  If any provision of this Agreement is
invalid or  unenforceable  for any  reason,  all other  provisions  shall be and
remain in effect.

     (f)  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the Landlord, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon Tenant, its successors and assigns.

     (g)  Limitation  of  Landlord's  Liability.  There  shall  be  no  personal
liability  of the  Landlord or any partner,  stockholder,  officer,  director or
other principal of Landlord in connection with this Lease. Tenant agrees to look
solely to the  interest of Landlord in the Premises  for the  collection  of any
judgment or other judicial process requiring the payment of money by Landlord in
the event of any default or breach by Landlord  with respect to this Lease or in
any way relating to the  Premises.  No other assets of Landlord or any principal
of Landlord  shall be subject to levy,  execution  or other  procedures  for the
satisfaction of Tenant's remedies.

     (h)  Execution in  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     (i) Signage.  Tenant shall have the right to erect, and the  responsibility
to  maintain,  such  signage  and  commercial  display  as  Tenant  shall in its
discretion  determine in  locations in the Premises and on the Land  selected by
Tenant subject to Landlord's reasonable approval. Landlord may install a marquis
on the Land,  provided the marquis does not demean or interfere with  visibility
of Tenant  signage.  Landlord shall be prohibited  from erecting a "For Sale" or
"For Lease" sign outside the Building  during the term of this Lease;  provided,
however,  that in the event Tenant shall decline to renew the Lease  pursuant to
Section 2 above,  Landlord shall be permitted to erect a "For Sale" sign outside
the Building  during the ninety (90) day period after Tenant has provided notice
of its intent not to renew.

     (j) Right of First  Refusal.  If a  third-party  makes a  written  offer or
letter of intent to purchase the Premises, specifying such material terms as the
purchaser,  property  and purchase  price.  Tenant shall have the first right to
purchase the Premises under the same terms.  Such right must be  communicated to
Tenant in writing  within  fifteen  (15) days of the  receipt by Landlord of the
third party  offer,  whereupon  Tenant  shall have fifteen (15) days to elect to
exercise the right to purchase  the  Premises on such terms.  If Tenant fails to
exercise its right to purchase the  Premises,  Landlord  shall have the right to
sell the Premises  pursuant to the bona fide offer  received by the third party.
If the sale to the third party does not close, Tenant retains the right of first
refusal on subsequent offers.


                        [Signatures follow on next page]






<PAGE>




     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Landlord and Tenant have executed and delivered  this
agreement as of the date set forth above.

                                     WHITE DEER WAREHOUSING & DISTRIBUTION
                                     CENTER, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation


                                     By:  ------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                      WEST PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES, INC.


                                      By: ------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:





<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                             FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "A"

[Photo omitted- blueprint]

[Description]

Listed is the Floor Plan of Premises, along with the helicopter landing pad.

A.  Front Office Exits
    Nursette Room Exits

B   Mechanical Room Exits
    Counter Cap Room Exit
    Cafeteria Exit
    Shipping and Warehouse Exits (North Sides)

C.  Tool Room Exit
    Employee Entrance
    Warehouse Exits (South Side)

Helicopter Land Pad




<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "B"

                                EXISTING LEASES





<PAGE>

                                 LEASE AGREEMENT



     This Lease is made as of June 1, I998,  between  WHITE DEER  WAREHOUSING  &
DISTRIBUTION   CENTER,   INC.,   c/o  Thomas  B.  Keller,   401  Broad   Street,
Mountoursville, PA 17754 ("Landlord" and CONSPEC SYSTEMS, INC. RR # 3, MUNCY, PA
17756.

     For One Dollar  ($1.00)  and other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intending to be
legally bound hereby. Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1.   PREMISES.

     Landlord  leases to Tenant  4,684  rentable  square feet known as Warehouse
Lease Area I and 4.684  rentable  square  feet in  Warehouse  Lease Area II; 375
square feet: in the North Office Complex area known as Lease Area 111 located at
Route 15, Clinton Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania,  as more particularly
shown (shaded in blue) on the space plan attached  hereto and made a part hereof
as Exhibit "A" (the  "Premises").  The  Premises  contains the  warehouse  area,
office space and improvements and other property now installed.

     Tenant and its agents, employees, and invitees shall have the non-exclusive
right to the free use of certain common areas  ("Common  Areas") in the Building
and on the land ("Land") on which the Building is located.  The Common Areas are
the restroom facilities and the lunchroom area and connecting corridors from the
North Office Complex to Warehouse, Shipping/Receiving Areas.

2.   TERM.

     The initial  term  ("Initial  Term") of this Lease  begins on the date (the
"Commencement  Date") which is June 1, 1998,  and shall end on May 31, 1999. Two
additional renewal terms are anticipated by the Tenant and Landlord.

     Any  subsequent  extensions  agreed  upon by  Landlord  and  Tenant,  for a
"Renewal  Term" of twelve (12) months after the  expiration of the Initial Term,
such agreement to be executed by Tenant, if at all, by giving written notice not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the  expiration  of the Initial  Term or the
then-current Renewal Term and accepted by Landlord in writing within twenty days
after  receipt of the  aforementioned  notice.  The Initial Term and any Renewal
Term are sometimes referred to together in this Lease as the "Term" hereof.

     The renewal  terms shall be governed by and subject to all of the terms and
conditions of the original lease, including rent.

     Renewal  term of lease shall  include all or a portion ofthe initial  term
leased  space  designated  as Areas I, II or III as  determined  by  Tenant  and
accepted by Landlord.

3.   BASE RENT: SECURITY DEPOSIT.

     Tenant  shall pay to Landlord at the office of  Landlord,  or at such other
place as Landlord  may  designate,  monthly Base Rent during the Initial Term of
$3,474.14 or a total annual base rent of $41,689.72 computed as shown in Exhibit
"B".

     All of these  payments shall be made on or before the first day of each and
every month following the Commencement Date during the Term, without any set-off
or deduction  except as herein  specified.  If the  Commencement  Date occurs on
other  than the first  day of a month,  the Base  Rent for such  month  shall be
pro-rated.

     Further,  the  Tenant  is  required  to share in the  prorata  share of the
expenses  incurred  for the real  estate  taxes,  insurance,  lawn care and snow
removal on a monthly basis, computed as shown in Exhibit "B".

     Further,  the Tenant is required to share in the tenant  Access  Area,  the
prorata  expenses if assessment in accordance  with the lease agreement with the
West Company requires the Landlord to incur these costs.  These costs consist of
mechanical rooms, sewage treatment facility,  water tower,  transformer bank and
pump house. The Tenant has a maximum square foot cost for the warehouse  portion
of the facility of $5.50 with the base rent,  prorate  expenses,  and the tenant
access area prorata  costs  combined.  The office area is exempt from the tenant
access area prorata costs.

     As security for performance of its obligations  hereunder,  Tenant has paid
to Landlord upon execution of this Lease,  and agrees to maintain  hereafter,  a
security deposit in the amount equal to the first month's Base Rent,  receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged by Landlord. Upon Tenant's default (as described in
paragraph 16 below), Landlord may from time to time and without prejudice to any
other remedy,  use the security deposit to the extent necessary to make good any
arrears of Base Rent or Additional Rent, or any other damage, injury, expense or
liability  caused to Landlord by such  default.  The  remaining  balance of such
security shall be returned by Landlord to Tenant within a reasonable  time after
termination of this Lease; provided, however, Landlord shall not be obligated to
return the remaining  balance of such  security  deposit until all rent payments
due from Tenant to Landlord shall have been made in full.  The security  deposit
shall not be  considered  an advance  payment of rent or a measure of Landlord's
damages in case of default by Tenant.  Tenant shall  receive no interest on such
security deposit. In the event of the sale or transfer of Landlord's interest in
the Building,  Landlord shall have the right to transfer the security deposit to
the purchaser or transferee and upon such transfer Tenant shall look only to the
new Landlord for the return of the security deposit and Landlord shall thereupon
be released  from all  liability to Tenant for the return of or  accounting  for
such security deposit.

4.   IMPROVEMENTS.

     Tenant  accepts  the  Premises  in  "as  is"  condition.  Tenant  shall  be
responsible for the cost of all alterations, additions, and improvements desired
by Tenant therein or thereon, which alterations,  additions and improvements may
be made only after the prior written approval of Landlord.

     Maintenance  and repair of the building and its  components is the sole and
exclusive obligation of the Landlord and that the prorata annual expense charges
will not include capital and other  expenditures which are the responsibility of
the Landlord.  Tenant will be responsible for any damage resulting  directly and
exclusively by the actions of its employees and/or agents.

5.   USE OF THE PREMISES.

     The Premises may be used by Tenant for any light manufacturing and research
and  development  purposes.  Tenant shall have  exclusive  use and access to the
rented area of the Building  (shaded in blue) plus  non-exclusive  access to the
common area of restrooms,  lunch room and connecting corridors from north office
complex to warehouse shipping/receiving areas, as such are identified (shaded in
yellow) in Exhibit "A" hereto.

6.   ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS

     Tenant shall not make alterations, additions or improvement to the Premises
(the  "Alterations")  without  Landlord's  prior written  consent.  Tenant shall
procure all governmental  permits and  authorizations  for the Alterations,  and
obtain and  provide to  Landlord an official  certificate  of  occupancy  and/or
compliance upon  completion of the  alterations,  if  appropriate.  Tenant shall
construct the Alterations in a good and workmanlike  manner utilizing  materials
of first  class  quality  and in  compliance  with  all  laws  and  governmental
regulations.  Any contractors  used must be approved in writing by the Landlord.
Alterations  shall be the  property of Landlord and shall remain on the Premises
upon termination of the Lease.

7.   COVENANT AGAINST LEINS.

     Tenant  shall  not have any right to  subject  Landlord's  interest  in the
Property to any mechanic's lien or any other lien whatsoever.  If any mechanic's
lien or other  lien,  charge or order for  payment of money  shall be filed as a
result of the act or omission of Tenant, Tenant shall cause such lien, charge or
order to be  discharged  or  appropriately  bonded within thirty (3)) days after
notice from  Landlord  thereof,  and Tenant shall  indemnify  and save  Landlord
harmless from all liabilities and costs resulting therefrom.

8.   ENVIRONMENTAL LAW COMPLIANCE

     (a) Tenant  agrees that it shall,  at its sole cost and  expense,  fulfill,
observe  and  comply  with all of the  applicable  terms and  provisions  of all
federal,  state  and  local  environmental  laws now in  effect  or  hereinafter
enacted,  as any of the same may be  amended  from time to time,  and all rules,
regulations,  ordinances,  opinions, orders and directives issued or promulgated
pursuant  thereto  or  in  connection  therewith,  as  may  relate  to  Tenant's
operations  and/or  possession or use of the Premises  whether  pursuant to this
Lease or otherwise.

     (b) Without  limiting the foregoing,  Tenant agrees,  to indemnify and hold
Landlord  harmless  from and against any and all  liability,  penalties  losses,
expenses,  damages, costs, claims, causes of action,  judgments and/or the like,
of whatever nature,  including but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees to
the extent said lien, encumbrance,  liability,  penalty, loss, expense,  damage,
cost,  claim,  cause  of  action,  judgment  and/or  the like  arise  from or in
connection  with  Tenant's  failure or  inability  to observe or comply with all
environmental laws.

     (c) Tenant agrees that each of the  foregoing  provisions of this Section 8
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the term of this Lease.

     (d) Landlord agrees that  throughout the Term of this Lease,  Landlord will
not give any other person or entity the right to generate, process, manufacture,
store, handle, treat, release,  discharge or dispose of any Hazardous Substances
at the Property.

     (e) Tenant  agrees  that  throughout  the term of this  Lease,  Tenant will
provide to the  Landlord  the  Material  Safety Data Sheets  showing the list of
chemicals maintained and controlled by the Tenant. An initial listing of all MSD
sheets  will be  provided  by  Tenant  to  Landlord  within  (30)  days from the
effective date of agreement with subsequent updates issued by Tenant to Landlord
at maximum quarterly intervals.

9.   CASUALTY.

     (a) If the Building is damaged by fire or other casualty,  and the Building
cannot be fully repaired  within ninety (90) days after such casualty  occurred,
then,  Tenant  may elect to  terminate  this Lease by giving  written  notice to
Landlord  within thirty (30) days after  becoming aware of the occurrence of the
casualty.  If the Lease is not so  terminated,  Landlord  shall repair damage as
soon as  reasonably  possible,  in which event this Lease  shall  remain in full
force and effect (but Tenant shall then have the right,  prior to the completion
of the repairs or Tenant's taking possession of the Premises,  to terminate this
Lease if the Building is not fully  repaired  within ninety (90) days after such
casualty occurred.

10.  CONDEMNATION.

     If any portion of the Land and/or  Building  shall be taken under the power
of eminent domain or sold under the threat thereof ("Condemnation") and Tenant's
use of the Premises is materially  adversely  affected in the reasonable opinion
of Tenant  exercised in good faith,  Tenant may  terminate  this Lease as of the
date on  which  title to the  Property  or  portion  thereof  shall  vest in the
condemning authority.

11.  SURRENDER OF PREMISES.

     Upon  termination  of the Lease,  Tenant  shall  surrender  the Premises to
Landlord broom clean, and in good order and condition,  except for ordinary wear
and tear,  damage by casualty  which  Tenant was not  obligated  to remedy under
Section 9. Tenant shall repair any damage to the Premises  caused by the removal
by Tenant of any equipment and  machinery.  All  equipment,  machinery and other
personal  property of Tenant  remaining on the Premises after  Tenant's  removal
shall be deemed abandoned and may be retained by Landlord.

12.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.

     (a)  Tenant  shall  comply  with all laws,  rules,  ordinances,  orders and
regulations of any federal,  state and local  authority  which are applicable to
its manner of use and operation of the Premises.  Nothing herein contained shall
be  deemed  to  impose  any  obligation  upon  Tenant  to  make  any  structural
alterations, improvements or repairs to the Premises.

     (b)  Landlord  shall  comply  with all rules,  regulations,  orders,  laws,
ordinances and legal  requirements and standards issued  thereunder which affect
(1) the Premises or the  Building;  or (2) which related to the  performance  by
Landlord of any duties or  obligations  to be performed  by Landlord  under this
Lease.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing,  Landlord  shall  comply or cause the
Building to comply with all  environmental,  fire,  and health and safety  laws,
regulations and codes.

     (c) Landlord  covenants  that the  building has and will  continue to fully
comply, and observe, prior to and during the lease, with all environmental laws,
rules and  regulations  at its sole cost and expense (other than those for which
the Tenant may be responsible as a result of its use of the building  during the
lease).  Landlord will indemnify and hold Tenant harmless and defend Tenant from
and against all environmental  noncompliance  claims (other than those for which
the Tenant may be responsible as a result of its use of the building  during the
lease).


13.  ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE

     Tenant and Landlord  each agree that from time to time,  upon not less than
30 days prior  written  request by Landlord or Tenant,  each will deliver to the
other a statement in writing  certifying  to the best of its  knowledge (a) that
this Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been
modifications  that the  Agreement as modified is in full force and effect;  (b)
the dated to which  the rent and other  charges  have  been  paid;  and (c) that
neither  party is in default  under any  provision of this  Agreement,  or if in
default, the nature thereof, provided said statements are then true.

14.  SUBORDINATION.

     This Lease shall be  subordinate  and subject to all ground and  underlying
leases and to any mortgages thereon and to any mortgages covering the fee of the
Building, or Land, that now or may hereafter affect the Building, or Land and to
all renewals,  modifications or replacements  thereof.  Provided,  however, that
with respect to any existing  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,
within  thirty (30) days after Tenant  executes  this Lease and, with respect to
any future  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,  on or before the
effective date thereof, Landlord shall obtain from its ground lessor, underlying
lessor and/or  mortgagee a written  agreement with Tenant which shall be binding
on their  respective  successors  and assigns and shall  provide that so long as
this Lease shall be in full force and effect Tenant's  possession and use of the
Premises  and Tenant's  other rights under this Lease,  shall not be affected or
disturbed by reason of the  subordination  to or any  modification of or default
under the ground or  underlying  lease or mortgage.  If the ground or underlying
lessor and/or mortgagee or any successor in interest shall succeed to the rights
of  Landlord  under  this  Lease,   whether  through  possession,   judicial  or
foreclosure  action,  or delivery of a deed, Tenant will attorn to and recognize
such  successor-landlord and Tenant's landlord and the  successor-landlord  will
accept such  attornment and recognize  Tenant's  rights of possession and use of
the Leased Premises in accordance with the provisions of this Lease.

15.  RULES AND REGULATIONS.

     Tenant shall abide by and observe such reasonable  rules and regulations as
may be issued by Landlord for the Building.  Landlord shall (a) not discriminate
against Tenant in enforcing the rules and regulations;  and (b) not unreasonably
withhold  or delay its  consent for any  approval  required by Tenant  under the
rules and regulations.  Landlord shall use its best efforts to obtain compliance
by all  tenants  and  other  occupants  in  the  Building  with  the  rules  and
regulations.  If there is a conflict of ambiguity  created by the  provisions of
this Lease and any portion of the rules and  regulations,  Landlord  decision is
binding.

16.  DEFAULT BY TENANT.

     If Tenant shall  default in the payment of Base Rent and such default shall
continue for 15 days after  notice  thereof  from  Landlord,  or if Tenant shall
default in the performance of any of its other  obligations under this Lease and
if such default  shall  continue for 30 days after notice  thereof from Landlord
specifying  in what manner  Tenant has  defaulted  (except  that if such default
cannot be cured  within said 30 day period,  this period shall be extended for a
reasonable  additional time, provided that Tenant commences to cure such default
within the 30 day period  and  proceeds  diligently  thereafter  to effect  such
cure);  then  Landlord  may (1) cure such  default  and any  costs and  expenses
incurred by Landlord  therefore shall be deemed Additional Rent, or (2) lawfully
enter the Premises and  repossess  the same as the former estate of Landlord and
expel Tenant and those  claiming under Tenant without being deemed guilty of any
manner of trespass and without  prejudice to any other  remedies  which Landlord
may have for  arrears of Base Rent or  Additional  Rent or  preceding  breach of
covenant,  and upon entry as  aforesaid,  this lease shall  terminate and Tenant
covenants that in case of such termination,  it will indemnify  Landlord against
all  unavoidable  loss of Base Rent which  Landlord  may incur by reason of such
termination during the residue of the term of this Lease.

17.  SUSPENSION OF TENANT DEFAULT.

     If Tenant shall dispute,  in good faith,  any Additional  Rent or other sum
(other  than Base Rent)  claimed by  Landlord  hereunder  and Tenant  shall give
Landlord  written  notice  specifying  in  reasonable  detail  the basis for its
dispute,  Tenant may not withhold  payment of the particular  amount in dispute.
Tenant and  Landlord  shall  proceed  diligently  to resolve any such dispute by
agreement or  arbitration  in accordance  with Section 20 or  otherwise.  If the
dispute is resolved,  in Landlord's  favor,  Tenant will reimburse  Landlord the
amount in dispute  plus  interest at 1% over prime from the date of objection by
Tenant.

18.  DEFAULT BY LANDLORD.

     If Landlord  defaults in the  performance or observance of any provision of
this Lease, Tenant shall give Landlord notice specifying in what manner Landlord
has  defaulted  and if such  default  shall not be cured by Landlord  within the
period of time  provided for elsewhere in this Lease,  and  otherwise  within 30
days after the delivery of such notice  (except  that if such default  cannot be
cured with said 30 day period,  this period  shall be extended  for a reasonable
additional  time,  provided that Landlord  commences to cure such default within
the 30 day period and  proceeds  diligently  thereafter  to effect  such  cure);
Tenant may cure such  default  and/or  withhold  payment of Base Rent due and to
accrue  hereunder (to the extent  necessary to cover the costs  incurred  and/or
estimated  by  Tenant to cure  such  default)  so long as  Landlord  remains  in
default,  or  invoice  Landlord  for  costs  and  expenses  (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and court  costs)  incurred  by Tenant
therefore.  If Tenant cannot  reasonably cure Landlord's  default or if Landlord
does not reimburse  Tenant within 30 days or receipt of any invoice for the cost
of such cure, Tenant may terminate this Lease.

19.  INSURANCE.

     (a) Landlord  shall keep the  Building,  including  the  improvements  (but
specifically excluding Tenant's leasehold  improvements,  which shall be insured
separately  by  Tenant)   insured   against  damage  and  destruction  by  fire,
earthquake,  vandalism,  and other  perils in such  amounts as are  commercially
prudent in Landlord and its mortgagee's judgment. The insurance shall include an
extended coverage endorsement of the kind required by an institutional lender to
repair and restore the Building.

     (b) Landlord and Tenant shall each maintain  contractual and  comprehensive
general  liability  insurance,  including  public liability and property damage,
with a  minimum  combined  single  limit of  liability  of two  million  dollars
($2,000,000.00) for personal injuries or deaths of persons occurring in or about
the  Building or  Premises.  Upon  request from time to time by the other party,
each of Landlord and Tenant shall deliver to the other  certificates of insurers
evidencing such coverage.

     (c) Each party waives claims arising in any manner in its ("Injured Party")
favor and  against  the other for loss or  damage to  Injured  Party's  property
located  within or  constituting  a part or all of the  Building but only to the
extent the loss or damage is covered by the Injured  Party's  insurance,  or the
insurance the Injured  Party is required to carry under this Section,  whichever
is  greater.  The waiver  also  applies  to each  party's  directors,  officers,
employees,  shareholders, and agents. The waiver does not apply to claims caused
by a party's willful misconduct.

20.  ARBITRATION.

     Any  disputes  between  Landlord  and Tenant  that are not  resolved by the
parties  within ten days after  either  party  gives  notice to the other of its
desire to arbitrate the dispute,  shall be settled by binding arbitration by the
American  Arbitration  Association  in accord  with its then  prevailing  rules.
Judgment  upon  the  arbitration  award  may  be  entered  in any  court  having
jurisdiction.  The  arbitrators,  one of  whom  must be a real  estate  attorney
actively  engaged in the  Practice  of law for at least the last ten years.  The
arbitrators  shall award the  prevailing  party  reasonable  expenses  and costs
including reasonable  attorney's fees plus interest on the amount due at 12% per
annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less.

     The losing party shall pay to the prevailing  party the amount of the final
arbitration  award.  If  payment  is not made  within 10 days after the date the
arbitration  award is no longer  appealable,  then in addition  to any  remedies
under the law,  if  Landlord  is the  prevailing  party,  it shall have the same
remedies for failure to pay the arbitration award as it has for Tenant's failure
to pay Base  Rent,  and if Tenant is the  prevailing  party,  it may  deduct any
remaining  unpaid award from its monthly payment of Base Rent,  Additional Rent,
or other charges.

21.  NOTICES AND DEMANDS.

     All notices  required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been  given if hand  delivered,  sent by  recognized
overnight  delivery  service  providing  receipt of  delivery,  or mailed in any
United  States Post Office by certified or  registered  mail,  postage  prepaid,
addressed  to  Landlord or Tenant at the  addresses  set forth in the caption to
this Lease, or at such other address  provided by a party in accordance with the
provisions  of this  Section  21, or if sent by  facsimile  transmission  with a
separate copy delivered or sent by any of the other means set forth above.

22.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     (a) Amendment.  This Agreement may not be modified,  changed, or terminated
in whole or in part in any manner  other than by an  agreement  in writing  duly
signed by both parties.

     (b) Consent or Permission.  Whenever the consent, permission or approval of
either the  Landlord  or Tenant is  required  under this  Lease,  such  consent,
permission or approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Whenever
any right of estimate,  judgment,  determination,  decision,  or promulgation is
vested in either party or their  representative  by this Lease,  such  estimate,
judgment, determination, decision, or promulgation shall be reasonable.

     (c)  Nonwaiver.  No  waiver of any  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be
implied by any  failure  of Tenant or  Landlord  to  enforce  any remedy for the
violation of such provision even if such violation be continued and/or repeated.
No express waiver shall affect any provision other than the one specified.

     (d) Attorneys' Fees. In any litigation  between the parties  regarding this
Lease,  the  losing  party  shall pay to the  prevailing  party  all  reasonable
expenses and court costs  including  attorneys'  fees incurred by the prevailing
party.  A party shall be considered  the  prevailing  party if it  substantially
obtains the relief it sought,  either  through a judgment or the losing  party's
voluntary action before judgment.

     (e) Governing Law. This Agreement and all questions arising hereunder shall
be construed  and  governed by the laws of the State where the demised  premises
are located.  If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable for
any reason, all other provisions shall be and remain in effect.

     (f)  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the Landlord, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon Tenant, its successors and assigns.

     (g)  Limitation  of  Landlord's  Liabilities.  There  shall be no  personal
liability  of the  Landlord or any partner,  stockholder,  officer,  director or
other principal of Landlord in connection with this Lease. Tenant agrees to look
solely to the  interest of Landlord in the Property  for the  collection  of any
judgment or other judicial process requiring the payment of money by Landlord in
the event of any other assets of Landlord or any principal of Landlord  shall be
subject to levy,  execution of other procedures for the satisfaction of Tenant's
remedies.

     (h)  Execution in  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     (i) Loading Docks.  Landlord and Tenant  acknowledge and agree that (A) the
loading docks nearest the warehouse area shall be available  throughout the term
of this Lease for  Tenant's  non-exclusive  use, and (B) the  remaining  loading
docks shall be for the exclusive  use of The West  Company;  Landlord and Tenant
agree to cooperate to modify the foregoing  use, and to share the loading docks,
nearest the warehouse  area,  during the term of this Lease.  At selected times,
the  overhead  door area  will need to be  accessed  by other  Tenants  and such
cooperation is required.

     (j) Signage. Tenant shall have the right to erect and the responsibility to
maintain,  such  signage  and  commercial  display  as  Landlord  shall  in  its
discretion  determine in  locations on the Premises and on the Land  selected by
Landlord  subject to  Landlord's  approval.  Tenant may install a marquis on the
Land at the  Tenant's  sole  expense  provided  the  marquis  does not demean or
interfere with visibility of other Tenant signage,  and written approval for the
design and location on the marquis has been obtained from the Landlord.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Landlord  and Tenant  have  executed  and  delivered  this
agreement as of the date set forth above.

                                     WHITE DEER WAREHOUSING &
                                     DISTRIBUTION CENTER,
                                     a Pennsylvania corporation


                                     By:  -------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:


                                     CONSPEC SYSTEMS, INC.


                                     By:  -------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:


<PAGE>



                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                     FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES (SHADED IN BLUE)
                   AND TENANT ACCESS AREAS (SHADED IN YELLOW)



<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT "A"

[Photo omitted- blueprint]

[Description]



Listed is the Floor Plan of Premises, along with the helicopter landing pad.

A.  Front Office Exits
    Nursette Room Exits

B   Mechanical Room Exits
    Counter Cap Room Exit
    Cafeteria Exit
    Shipping and Warehouse Exits (North Sides)

C.  Tool Room Exit
    Employee Entrance
    Warehouse Exits (South Side)

Helicopter Land Pad



<PAGE>


              White Deer Warehousing and Distribution Center, Inc.

                              Lease Agreement With
                              Conspec Systems, Inc.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>    <C>      <C>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Warehouse Lease Area I                               4684 SF    @       4.15    = 19,438.60
Base Rent

Warehouse area consists of 4.684 SF of useable
space.  Base rent includes an energy-controlled
environment between 65 - 80, lighting, water
and air supply of 90 P.S.I. provided.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Warehouse Lease Area II                              4684 SF    @       4.15    = 19,438.60
Base Rent

Warehouse area consists of 4,684 SF of useable
space.  Base rent includes an energy-controlled
environment between 65 - 80, lighting, water
and air supply of 90 P.S.I. provided.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lease Area III                                       375 SF     @       7.50    =  2,812.50
Office Space Base Rent

Office area consisting of 375 SF of useable space
at an agreed rental cost of 7.50 SF inclusive of
all overhead expenses.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rounding                                             12 months  @   3,474.14    = 41,689.72
Total Base Rent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>





                                   (continued)
                                   Exhibit "B"

<PAGE>



              White Deer Warehousing and Distribution Center, Inc.

                              Lease Agreement With
                              Conspec Systems, Inc.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


<S>                                   <C>      <C> <C>            <C>  <C>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Estimated Prorata Expenses

Real Estate Taxes                     46,637.98  x  9,368/197,411  =   2,213.17
Insurance                             33,893.00  x  9,368/197,411  =   1,608.37
Lawn Care                              7,600.00  x  9,368/197,411  =     360.65
Snow Removal                             600.00  x  9,368/197,411  =      28.47

Total Estimated Prorata Expenses                                       4,210.66

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Prorata expenses will be billed on a monthly basis over the term of the lease.



Caging for Warehouse Area

WDWDC will  provide,  without cost to tenant,  materials to construct the caging
that will  consist of a  combination  of metal wire  caging  (7'/8'  height) and
panels of sheet  rock/wood  studding 8' in height.  Conspec  Systems,  Inc. will
provide  the labor  dollars  and  personnel  without  any cost to  landlord  for
installation  of  the  above  materials.  Coordination  and  supervision  of the
installation will be under the control of WDWDC.


<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit "B"






                                 LEASE AGREEMENT


     This Lease is made as of January 26, 1998, between WHITE DEER WAREHOUSING &
DISTRIBUTION   CENTER,   INC.,   c/o  Thomas  B.  Keller,   401  Broad   Street,
Montoursville,  PA 17754  ("Landlord")  and LEEP  BUILDING  SYSTEMS,  c/o  Grant
Record, 616 Blue Lake Boulevard North, Suite 139, Twin Falls, Idaho 83301.

     For One Dollar  ($1.00)  and other good arid  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intending to be
legally bound hereby, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1.   PREMISES.

     Landlord  leases to Tenant 2,900 rentable  square feet located at Route 15,
Clinton Township,  Lycoming County,  Pennsylvania,  as more  particularly  shown
(shaded in blue) on the space  plan  attached  hereto and made a part  hereof as
Exhibit "A" (the "Premises"). The Premises contains the caged area, office space
and improvements, and other property now installed.

     Tenant and its agents, employees, and invitees shall have the non-exclusive
right to the free use of certain common areas  ("Common  Areas") in the Building
and on the land ("Land") on which the Building is located.  The Common Areas are
the restroom facilities and the lunchroom area only.

2.   TERM.

     The initial  term  ("Initial  Term") of this Lease  begins on the date (the
"Commencement  Date")  which is February  1, 1998,  and shall end on January 31,
1999.

     Any  subsequent  extensions  agreed  upon by  Landlord  and  Tenant,  for a
"Renewal  Term" of twelve (12) months after the  expiration of the Initial Term,
such agreement to be executed by Tenant, if at all, by giving written notice not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the  expiration  of the Initial  Term or the
then-current Renewal Term and accepted by Landlord in writing within twenty days
after  receipt of the  aforementioned  notice.  The Initial Term and any Renewal
Term are sometimes referred to together in this Lease as the "Term" hereof.

3.   BASE RENT; SECURITY DEPOSIT.

     Tenant  shall pay to Landlord at the office of  Landlord,  or at such other
place as Landlord  may  designate,  monthly Base Rent during the Initial Term of
$l,350.00 or a total annual rent of $16,200.00.

     All of these  payments shall be made on or before the first day of each and
every month following the Commencement Date during the Term, without any set-off
or deduction  except as herein  specified.  If the  Commencement  Date occurs on
other than the first day of a month,  the Base Rent for such month  shall be pro
rated.

     As security for performance of its obligations  hereunder,  Tenant has paid
to Landlord upon execution of this Lease,  and agrees to maintain  hereafter,  a
security deposit in the amount equal to the first month's Base Rent,  receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged by Landlord. Upon Tenant's default (as described in
paragraph 16 below), Landlord may from time to time and without prejudice to any
other remedy,  use the security deposit to the extent necessary to make good any
arrears of Base Rent or Additional Rent, or any other damage, injury, expense or
liability  caused to Landlord by such  default.  The  remaining  balance of such
security shall be returned by Landlord to Tenant within a reasonable  time after
termination of this Lease; provided, however, Landlord shall not be obligated to
return the remaining  balance of such  security  deposit until all rent payments
due from Tenant to Landlord shall have been made in full.  The security  deposit
shall not be  considered  an advance  payment of rent or a measure of Landlord's
damages in case of default by Tenant.  Tenant shall  receive no interest on such
security deposit. In the event of the sale or transfer of Landlord's interest in
the Building,  Landlord shall have the right to transfer the security deposit to
the purchaser or transferee and upon such transfer Tenant shall look only to the
new Landlord for the return of the security deposit and Landlord shall thereupon
be released  from all  liability to Tenant for the return of or  accounting  for
such security deposit.

4.   IMPROVEMENTS.

     Tenant  accepts  the  Premises  in  "as  is"  condition.  Tenant  shall  be
responsible for the cost of all alterations, additions, and improvements desired
by Tenant therein or thereon, which alterations,  additions and improvements may
be made only after the prior written approval of Landlord.

5.   USE OF PREMISES.

     The Premises may be used by Tenant for any light  manufacturing of building
systems.  Tenant shall have  non-exclusive  use and access to the rented area of
the  Building  plus common area of  restrooms  and lunch room and  non-exclusive
access thereto, as such are identified (shaded in yellow) in Exhibit "B" hereto.

6.   ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS.

     Tenant  shall  not  make  alterations,  additions  or  improvements  to the
Premises (the  "Alterations")  without Landlord's prior written consent.  Tenant
shall procure all governmental  permits and  authorizations for the Alterations,
and obtain and provide to Landlord an official  certificate of occupancy  and/or
compliance upon  completion of the  alterations,  if  appropriate.  Tenant shall
construct the Alterations in a good and workmanlike  manner utilizing  materials
of first  class  quality  and in  compliance  with  all  laws  and  governmental
regulations.  Any contractors  used must be approved in writing by the Landlord.
Alterations  shall be the  property of Landlord and shall remain on the Premises
upon termination of the Lease.

7.   COVENANT AGAINST LIENS.

     Tenant  shall  not have any right to  subject  Landlord's  interest  in the
Property to any mechanic's lien or any other lien whatsoever.  If any mechanic's
lien or other  lien,  charge or order for  payment of money  shall be filed as a
result of the act or omission of Tenant, Tenant shall cause such lien, charge or
order to be  discharged  or  appropriately  bonded within thirty (30) days after
notice from  Landlord  thereof,  and Tenant shall  indemnify  and save  Landlord
harmless from all liabilities and costs resulting therefrom.

8.   ENVIRONMENTAL LAW COMPLIANCE

     (a) Tenant  agrees that it shall,  at its sole cost and  expense,  fulfill,
observe  and  comply  with all of the  applicable  terms and  provisions  of all
federal,  state  and  local  environmental  laws now in  effect  or  hereinafter
enacted,  as any of the same may be  amended  from time to time,  and all rules,
regulations,  ordinances,  opinions, orders and directives issued or promulgated
pursuant  thereto  or  in  connection  therewith,  as  may  relate  to  Tenant's
operations  and/or  possession or use of the Premises  whether  pursuant to this
Lease or otherwise.

     (b) Without  limiting the foregoing,  Tenant agrees,  to indemnify and hold
Landlord  harmless from and against any and all  liability,  penalties,  losses,
expenses,  damages, costs, claims, causes of action,  judgments and/or the like,
of whatever nature, including but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees, to
the extent said lien, encumbrance,  liability,  penalty, loss, expense,  damage,
cost,  claim,  cause  of  action,  judgment  and/or  the like  arise  from or in
connection  with  Tenant's  failure or  inability  to observe or comply with all
environmental laws.

     (c) Tenant agrees that each of the  foregoing  provisions of this Section 8
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the term of this Lease.

     (d) Landlord agrees that  throughout the Term of this Lease,  Landlord will
not give any other person or entity the right to generate, process, manufacture,
store, handle, treat, release,  discharge or dispose of any Hazardous Substances
at the Property.

     (e) Tenant  agrees  that  throughout  the term of this  Lease,  Tenant will
provide to the  Landlord  the  Material  Safety Data Sheets  showing the list of
chemicals maintained and controlled by the Tenant on a monthly basis.

9.   CASUALTY.

     (a) If the Building is damaged by fire or other casualty,  and the Building
cannot be fully repaired  within ninety (90) days after such casualty  occurred,
then,  Tenant  may elect to  terminate  this Lease by giving  written  notice to
Landlord  within thirty (30) days after  becoming aware of the occurrence of the
casualty.  If this Lease is not so  terminated,  Landlord shall repair damage as
soon as  reasonably  possible,  in which event this Lease  shall  remain in full
force and effect (but Tenant shall then have the right,  prior to the completion
of the repairs or Tenant's taking possession of the Premises,  to terminate this
Lease if the Building is not fully  repaired  within ninety (90) days after such
casualty occurred).

10.  CONDEMNATION.

     If any portion of the Land and/or  Building  shall be taken under the power
of eminent domain or sold under the threat thereof ("Condemnation") and Tenant's
use of the Premises is materially  adversely  affected in the reasonable opinion
of Tenant  exercised in good faith,  Tenant may  terminate  this Lease as of the
date on  which  title to the  Property  or  portion  thereof  shall  vest in the
condemning authority.

11. SURRENDER OF PREMISES.

     Upon  termination  of the Lease,  Tenant  shall  surrender  the Premises to
Landlord broom clean, and in good order and condition,  except for ordinary wear
and tear,  damage by casualty  which  Tenant was not  obligated  to remedy under
Section 9. Tenant shall repair any damage to the Premises  caused by the removal
by Tenant of any equipment and  machinery.  All  equipment,  machinery and other
personal  property of Tenant  remaining on the Premises after  Tenant's  removal
shall be deemed abandoned and may be retained by Landlord.

12.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.

     (a)  Tenant  shall  comply  with all laws,  rules,  ordinances,  orders and
regulations of any federal,  state and local  authority  which are applicable to
its manner of use and operation of the Premises.  Nothing herein contained shall
be  deemed  to  impose  any  obligation  upon  Tenant  to  make  any  structural
alterations, improvements or repairs to the Premises.

     (b)  Landlord  shall  comply  with all rules,  regulations,  orders,  laws,
ordinances and legal  requirements and standards issued  thereunder which affect
(1) the Premises or the  Building;  or (2) which related to the  performance  by
Landlord of any duties or  obligations  to be performed  by Landlord  under this
Lease.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing,  Landlord  shall  comply or cause the
Building to comply with all  environmental,  fire,  and health and safety  laws,
regulations and codes.

13.  ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE.

     Tenant and Landlord  each agree that from time to time,  upon not less than
30 days prior  written  request by Landlord or Tenant,  each will deliver to the
other a statement in writing  certifying  to the best of its  knowledge (a) that
this Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been
modifications  that the Agreement as modified is in full force and effect);  (b)
the dated to which  the rent and other  charges  have  been  paid;  and (c) that
neither  party is in default  under any  provision of this  Agreement,  or if in
default, the nature thereof, provided said statements are then true.

14.  SUBORDINATION.

     This Lease shall be  subordinate  and subject to all ground and  underlying
leases and to any mortgages thereon and to any mortgages covering the fee of the
Building, or Land, that now or may hereafter affect the Building, or Land and to
all renewals,  modifications or replacements  thereof,  provided,  however, that
with respect to any existing  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,
within  thirty (30) days after Tenant  executes  this Lease and, with respect to
any future  ground lease,  underlying  lease and/or  mortgage,  on or before the
effective date thereof, Landlord shall obtain from its ground lessor, underlying
lessor and/or  mortgagee a written  agreement with Tenant which shall be binding
on their  respective  successors  and assigns and shall  provide that so long as
this Lease shall be in full force and effect Tenant's  possession and use of the
Premises  and Tenants'  other rights under this Lease,  shall not be affected or
disturbed by reason of the  subordination  to or any  modification of or default
under the ground or  underlying  lease or mortgage.  If the ground or underlying
lessor and/or mortgagee or any successor in interest shall succeed to the rights
of Landlord under this Lease whether through possession, judicial or foreclosure
action,  or  delivery  of a deed,  Tenant  will  attorn  to and  recognize  such
successor-landlord and Tenant's landlord and the successor-landlord  will accept
such  attornment  and recognize  Tenant's  rights of  possession  and use of the
Leased Premises in accordance with the provisions of this Lease.

15.  RULES AND REGULATIONS.

     Tenant shall abide by and observe such reasonable  rules and regulations as
may be issued by Landlord for the Building.  Landlord shall (a) nor discriminate
against Tenant in enforcing the rules and regulations;  and (b) not unreasonably
withhold  or delay its  consent for any  approval  required by Tenant  under the
rules and regulations.  Landlord shall use its best efforts to obtain compliance
by all  tenants  and  other  occupants  in  the  Building  with  the  rules  and
regulations.  If there is a conflict or ambiguity  created by the  provisions of
this Lease and any portion of the rules and  regulations,  Landlord  decision is
binding.

16.  DEFAULT BY TENANT.

     If Tenant shall  default in the payment of Base Rent and such default shall
continue for 15 days after  notice  thereof  from  Landlord,  or if Tenant shall
default in the performance of any of its other  obligations under this Lease and
if such default  shall  continue for 30 days after notice  thereof from Landlord
specifying  in what manner  Tenant has  defaulted  (except  that if such default
cannot be cured  within said 30 day period,  this period shall be extended for a
reasonable  additional time, provided that Tenant commences to cure such default
within the 30 day period  and  proceeds  diligently  thereafter  to effect  such
cure);  then  Landlord  may (1) cure such  default  and any  costs and  expenses
incurred by Landlord  therefore shall be deemed Additional Rent, or (2) lawfully
enter the Premises and  repossess  the same as the former estate of Landlord and
expel Tenant and those  claiming under Tenant without being deemed guilty of any
manner of trespass and without  prejudice to any other  remedies  which Landlord
may have for  arrears of Base Rent or  Additional  Rent or  preceding  breach of
covenant,  and upon entry as  aforesaid,  this lease shall  terminate and Tenant
covenants that in case of such termination,  it will indemnify  Landlord against
all  unavoidable  loss of Base Rent which  Landlord  may incur by reason of such
termination during the residue of the term of this Lease.

17.  SUSPENSION OF TENANT DEFAULT.

     If Tenant shall dispute,  in good faith,  any Additional  Rent or other sum
(other  than Base Rent)  claimed by  Landlord  hereunder  and Tenant  shall give
Landlord  written  notice  specifying  in  reasonable  detail  the basis for its
dispute,  Tenant may not withhold  payment of the particular  amount in dispute.
Tenant and  Landlord  shall  proceed  diligently  to resolve any such dispute by
agreement or  arbitration  in accordance  with Section 20 or  otherwise.  If the
dispute is resolved,  in Landlord's  favor,  Tenant will reimburse  Landlord the
amount in dispute plus  interest at I % over prime from the date of objection by
Tenant.

18.  DEFAULT BY LANDLORD.

     If Landlord  defaults in the  performance or observance of any provision of
this Lease, Tenant shall give Landlord notice specifying in what manner Landlord
has  defaulted  and if such  default  shall not be cured by Landlord  within the
period of time  provided for elsewhere in this Lease,  and  otherwise  within 30
days after the delivery of such notice  (except  that is such default  cannot be
cured within said 30 day period,  this period shall be extended for a reasonable
additional  time,  provided that Landlord  commences to cure such default within
the 30 day period and  proceeds  diligently  thereafter  to effect  such  cure);
Tenant may cure such default and/or withhold payment of Base Rent and Additional
Rent due and to accrue  hereunder  (to the extent  necessary  to cover the costs
incurred  and/or  estimated by Tenant to cure such  default) so long as Landlord
remains in  default,  or invoice  Landlord  for costs and  expenses  (including,
without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and court costs)  incurred by
Tenant  therefor.  If Tenant cannot  reasonably  cure  Landlord's  default or if
Landlord does not reimburse  Tenant within 30 days of receipt of any invoice for
the cost of such cure, Tenant may terminate this Lease.

19.  INSURANCE.

     (a) Landlord  shall keep the  Building,  including  the  Improvements  (but
specifically excluding Tenant's leasehold  improvements,  which shall be insured
separately  by  Tenant),   insured  against  damage  and  destruction  by  fire,
earthquake,  vandalism,  and other  perils in such  amounts as are  commercially
prudent in Landlord and its mortgagee's judgment. The insurance shall include an
extended coverage endorsement of the kind required by an institutional lender to
repair and restore the Building.

     (b) Landlord and Tenant shall each maintain  contractual and  comprehensive
general  liability  insurance,  including  public liability and property damage,
with a  minimum  combined  single  limit of  liability  of two  million  dollars
($2,000,000.00) for personal injuries or deaths of persons occurring in or about
the  Building and  Premises.  Upon request from time to time by the other party,
each of Landlord and Tenant shall deliver to the other  certificates of insurers
evidencing such coverage.

     (c) Each party waives claims arising in any manner in its ("Injured Party")
favor and against the other party for loss or damage to Injured Party's property
located  within or  constituting  a part or all of the  Building but only to the
extent the loss or damage is covered by the Injured  Party's  insurance,  or the
insurance the Injured  Party is required to carry under this Section,  whichever
is  greater.  The waiver  also  applies  to each  party's  directors,  officers,
employees,  shareholders, and agents. The waiver does not apply to claims caused
by a party's willful misconduct.

20.  ARBITRATION.

     Any  disputes  between  Landlord  and Tenant  that are not  resolved by the
parties  within ten days after  either  party  gives  notice to the other of its
desire to arbitrate the dispute,  shall be settled by binding arbitration by the
American  Arbitration  Association  in accord  with its then  prevailing  rules.
Judgment  upon  the  arbitration  award  may  be  entered  in any  court  having
jurisdiction.  The  arbitrators,  one of  whom  must be a real  estate  attorney
actively  engaged in the  Practice  of law for at least the last ten years.  The
arbitrators  shall award the  prevailing  party  reasonable  expenses  and costs
including reasonable  attorney's fees plus interest on the amount due at 12% per
annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less.

     The losing party shall pay to the prevailing  party the amount of the final
arbitration  award.  If  payment  is not made  within 10 days after the date the
arbitration  award is no longer  appealable,  then in addition  to any  remedies
under the law,  if  Landlord  is the  prevailing  party,  it shall have the same
remedies for failure to pay the arbitration award as it has for Tenant's failure
to pay Base  Rent,  and if Tenant is the  prevailing  party,  if may  deduct any
remaining  unpaid award from its monthly payment of Base Rent,  Additional Rent,
or other charges.

21.  NOTICES AND DEMANDS.

     All notices  required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been  given if hand  delivered,  sent by  recognized
overnight  delivery  service  providing  receipt of  delivery,  or mailed in any
United  States Post Office by certified or  registered  mail,  postage  prepaid,
addressed  to  Landlord or Tenant at the  addresses  set forth in the caption to
this Lease, or at such other address  provided by a party in accordance with the
provisions  of this  Section  21, or if sent by  facsimile  transmission  with a
separate copy delivered or sent by any of the other means set forth above.

22.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     (a) Amendment.  This Agreement may not be modified,  changed, or terminated
in whole or in part in any manner  other than by an  agreement  in writing  duly
signed by both parties.

     (b) Consent or Permission.  Whenever the consent, permission or approval of
either the  Landlord  or Tenant is  required  under  this  Lease  such  consent,
permission or approval shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed.  Whenever
any right of estimate,  judgment,  determination,  decision,  or promulgation is
vested in either party or their  representative  by this Lease,  such  estimate,
judgment, determination, decision, or promulgation shall be reasonable.

     (c)  Nonwaiver.  No  waiver of any  provision  of this  Agreement  shall be
implied by any  failure  of Tenant or  Landlord  to  enforce  any remedy for the
violation of such provision even if such violation be continued and/or repeated.
No express waiver shall affect any provision other than the one specified.

     (d) Attorneys' fees. In any litigation  between the parties  regarding this
Lease,  the  losing  party  shall pay to the  prevailing  party  all  reasonable
expenses and court costs  including  attorneys'  fees incurred by the prevailing
party.  A party shall be considered  the  prevailing  party if it  substantially
obtains the relief it sought,  either  through a judgment or the losing  party's
voluntary action before judgment.

     (e) Governing Law. This Agreement and all questions arising hereunder shall
be construed  and  governed by the laws of the State where the demised  premises
are located.  If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable for
any reason, all other provisions shall be and remain in effect.

     (f)  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
and be binding upon the Landlord, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon Tenant, its successors and assigns.

     (g)  Limitation  of  Landlord's  Liability.  There  shall  be  no  personal
liability  of the  Landlord or any partner,  stockholder,  officer,  director or
other principal of Landlord in connection with this Lease. Tenant agrees to look
solely to the  interest of Landlord in the Property  for the  collection  of any
judgment or other judicial process requiring the payment of money by Landlord in
the event of any default or breach by Landlord  with respect to this Lease or in
any way relating to the  Premises.  No other assets of Landlord or any principal
of Landlord  shall be subject to levy,  execution  or other  procedures  for the
satisfaction of Tenant's remedies.

     (h)  Execution in  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     (i) Loading Docks.  Landlord and Tenant  acknowledge and agree that (A) the
loading docks nearest the warehouse area shall be available  throughout the term
of this Lease for  Tenant's  non-exclusive  use, and (B) the  remaining  loading
docks shall be for the exclusive  use of The West  Company;  Landlord and Tenant
agree to cooperate to modify the foregoing  use, and to share the loading docks,
nearest the warehouse  area,  during the term of this Lease.  At selected times,
the  overhead  door area  will need to be  accessed  by other  Tenants  and such
cooperation is required.

     (j) Signage.  Tenant shall have the right to erect, and the  responsibility
to  maintain,  such  signage and  commercial  display as  Landlord  shall in its
discretion  determine in  locations on the Premises and on the Land  selected by
Landlord  subject to  Landlord's  approval.  Tenant may install a marquis on the
Land,  at the  Tenant's  sole  expense  provided  the marquis does not demean or
interfere with visibility of other Tenant signage,  and written approval for the
design and location of the marquis has been obtained from the Landlord.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Landlord and Tenant have executed and delivered  this
agreement as of the date set forth above.

                                WHITE DEER WAREHOUSING & DISTRIBUTION
                                CENTER, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation


                                By:   -----------------------------------------
                                Name:
                                Title:



                                By:  ------------------------------------------
                                Name:
                                Title:


<PAGE>









                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                     FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES (SHADED IN BLUE)
                   AND TENANT ACCESS AREAS (SHADED IN YELLOW)



<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "C"

                               SUBLEASE AGREEMENTS


                                      NONE



<PAGE>





                                   EXHIBIT "D"


                              COMPONENT ROOF AREAS

<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "D"


                              COMPONENT ROOF AREAS


[Phone Omitted - Blueprint]

[Description]

All report to mustering  station "A" located at flagpole at plant front entrance
area. PLANT LAYOUT EMERGENCY EVACUATION ROUTE

1.   "A" Building Mfg. Area-32,000 - 1981
2.   Plant Office Area-2,600 - 1985
2a.  #2 Mechanical Room-1,800 - 1985
3.   #1, 3, 4 Mechanical Rooms-3,400 - 1986
4.   "C" Bldg. Mfg. area-36,850 - 1987
5.   Warehouse Sections #1-18,700 - 1989
5a.  Front office area-7,600 - 1989
6.   Warehouse Section #3-18,700 - 1991
7.   "B" Bldg. Mfg. area-32,000 - 1993
7a.  Caferteria & Pump House-4,300 - 1993
8.   Warehouse Sections #2 & #4-37,400 - 1996

<PAGE>






                                   EXHIBIT "E"

                      LANDLORD REPLACEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES



1.      Paved parking areas.

2.      Roofs of the Building.

3.      Sewer systems serving the Building

4.      Water supply systems serving the Building.


<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "F"

                        ADDITIONAL BUILDING CONSTRUCTION

<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT "F"


[Photo Omitted - Blueprint]

[Description]




PLANT LAYOUT EMERGENCY EVACUATION ROUTES

ALL REPORT TO MUSTERING STATION LOCATED AT A
AT FLAGPOLE AT FRONT ENTRANCE AREA

RED: Evacuation Center

GREEN Extreme Weather Area



<PAGE>





                                 LEASE AGREEMENT


     This Lease is made as of June 1, 1998,  between  WHITE DEER  WAREHOUSING  &
DISTRIBUTION   CENTER,   INC.,   c/o  Thomas  B.  Keller,   401  Broad   Street,
Montoursville,  PA 17754 ("Landlord" and CONSPEC SYSTEMS,  INC. RR #3, MUNCY, PA
17756.

     For One Dollar  ($1.00)  and other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intending to be
legally bound hereby. Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1.   PREMISES

     Landlord  leases to Tenant  4,684  rentable  square feet known as Warehouse
Lease Area I and 4,684  rentable  square  feet in  Warehouse  Lease Area II; 375
square  feet:  in the North Office  Complex  area shown  (shaded in blue) on the
space  plan  attached  hereon  and  made a  part  hereof  as  Exhibit  "A"  (the
"Premises").  The  Premises  contains  the  warehouse  area,  office  space  and
improvements and other property now installed.

     Tenant and its agents,  employees and invitees shall have the non-exclusive
right to the free use of certain common areas  ("Common  Areas") in the Building
and on the land ("Land") on which the Building is located.  The Common Areas are
the restroom facilities and the lunchroom area and connecting corridors from the
North Office Complex to Warehouse, Shipping/Receiving Areas.

2.   TERM.

     The initial  term  ("Initial  Term") of this Lease  begins on the date (the
"Commencement  Date") which is June 5, 1998,  and shall end on May 31, 1999. Two
additional renewal terms are anticipated by the Tenant and Landlord.

     Any  subsequent  extensions  agreed  upon by  Landlord  and  Tenant,  for a
"Renewal  Term of twelve (12) months after the  expiration  of the Initial Term,
such agreement to be executed by Tenant, if at all, by giving written notice not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the  expiration  of the Initial  Term or the
then-current Renewal Term and accepted by Landlord in writing within twenty days
after  receipt of the  aforementioned  notice.  The Initial Term and any Renewal
Term are sometimes referred to together in this Lease as the "Term" hereof.

     The Renewal  Terms  shall be  governed  and subject to all of the terms and
conditions of the original lease, including rent.

     Renewal  term of lease shall  include all or a portion of the Initial  Term
leased  space  designated  as Areas I, II and III as  determined  by Tenant  and
accepted by Landlord.








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
