<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh10aa.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DISCOUNTED STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 1991
<TEXT>
                                                                 Exhibit 10 (aa)


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED

                         THE WEST COMPANY. INCORPORATED

                         DISCOUNTED STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

                                NOVEMBER 5, 1991

ARTICLE 1 - PURPOSE
--------------------
     The West Company,  Incorporated Discounted Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan")
is intended to encourage  Company stock  ownership by all eligible  employees of
The  West  Company,   Incorporated   (the   "Company")  and  its   participating
subsidiaries  through the use of  voluntary,  systematic  payroll  deductions to
purchase  the  Company's  Common  Stock  ("Stock").   The  term   "participating
subsidiaries"   shall  mean  any  domestic   subsidiary  of  The  West  Company,
Incorporated and any other subsidiary of The West Company, Incorporated which is
designated by the Board of Directors of the Company to participate in the Plan.

ARTICLE 2 - ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES
------------------------------
     Each full-time employee of the Company or any participating  subsidiary (1)
who is  employed  in the  continental  United  States,  Puerto Rico or any other
jurisdiction  designated  by the Board of  Directors,  (2) who has  reached  the
statutory age of majority in the  jurisdiction in which the employee is employed
(3) who has been employed for six full  calendar  months and (4) if the employee
is covered by a collective bargaining agreement, whose participation in the Plan
has been the subject of collective bargaining,  shall be eligible to participate
in the Plan.  Temporary  employees,  part--time  employees  and officers are not
eligible to participate in the Plan.

ARTICLE 3 - EMPLOYMENT OF AGENT
-------------------------------
                   The Company has engaged American Stock Transfer Co. ("Agent")
to act as Agent under the Plan for the purchase of, and issuance of certificates
for, Stock on behalf of all eligible Plan participants. The Agent shall open and
maintain a separate account for each Plan participant upon receipt of a written
authorization from the Company. The Agent will issue quarterly statements of
each Plan participant's account to the participant.

ARTICLE 4 -ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE
----------------------------------
     Each eligible  employee may become a participant  in the Plan by delivering
to the Company's Payroll Department a written enrollment, in the form prescribed
by the Committee:


(a)  stating the amount to be deducted  from each pay  pursuant to Article 5 and
     authorizing deductions in that amount;

(b)  authorizing the purchase of Stock in accordance with the terms of the Plan;
     and

(c)  specifying the exact name in which Stock  purchased for the  participant is
     to be issued as provided under Article 11 hereof.

     Such  deduction  authorization  shall  be  placed  in  effect  as  soon  as
practicable   following  its  delivery  to  the  Payroll  Department.   Until  a
participant files a new authorization or withdraws from the Plan, deductions and
purchases under the  authorization  on file for the participant will continue as
long as the Plan remains in effect.

     Amounts  deducted  each month from pay  pursuant to written  authorizations
shall be commingled and forwarded by the 15th day of the following  month by the
Company to the Agent with a  sub-accounting  sufficiently  detailed  to show the
amounts  applicable  to each  participant.  No interest  will be  credited  with
respect to such amounts.

ARTICLE 5-PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS: COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS: SEPARATE CASH CONTRIBUTIONS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     A  participant  shall  elect to make  contributions  to the Plan by payroll
deductions  in an amount  ranging  from a minimum  of $2.50  each week for those
employees paid weekly, or $5.00 per biweekly pay period for those employees paid
bi-weekly, to, in increments of $.50, a maximum of 10% of the participant's base
rate of compensation  for the period in question,  subject to the  participant's
right to discontinue  participation  under Article 6 and the participant's right
to withdraw under Article 7.

     The Company shall contribute,  on behalf of each participating employee, an
amount  sufficient to effect a 15% discount on Stock  purchased  through payroll
deduction,   such  amount  to  be   forwarded   by  the  Company  to  the  Agent
simultaneously with employee contributions.

     Participants may also make separate cash contributions to the Plan of up to
$2,500 per calendar  quarter,  such amount to be forwarded by the Company to the
Agent simultaneously with employee contributions. The Company will, however, not
contribute with respect to such separate contributions.

ARTICLE 6 - CHANGE IN PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS
----------------------------------------
     The  rate  of a  participant's  payroll  deductions  may  be  increased  or
decreased,  or the payroll  deductions  terminated,  at any time by submitting a
written authorization form to the Payroll Department.  Commencement, revision or
termination of deductions will become effective as of the first day of the first
month occurring at least 15 days after notice of such commencement,  revision or
termination is received. A participant shall be limited to two such revisions in
each  calendar  year.  A six month  waiting  period for  participation  shall be
imposed upon any  participant  who wishes to reactivate  his payroll  deductions
after having authorized their termination.

ARTICLE 7 - WITHDRAWAL FROM THE PLAN
------------------------------------
     A  participant  may  withdraw  from the Plan at any  time by  delivering  a
written  notice  to the  Agent  and a notice of  termination  of  deduction,  as
described in Article 6, to the Payroll  Department.  Upon withdrawal,  the Agent
shall issue,  as soon as  practicable,  a certificate to the  participant in his
name, or, if held as a joint  account,  in the name of the  participant  and his
joint tenant, for the number of whole shares of Stock in accordance with Article
11. Any  fractional  interest in shares shall be sold and a check issued for the
net proceeds of such sale and for any  contributions not yet applied to purchase
Stock. Each participant shall receive a statement of account upon withdrawal.

ARTICLE 8 - PURCHASE OF STOCK
-----------------------------
     The  Company  shall  forward to the Agent on or before the 15th day of each
month the payroll  deductions and separate  participant cash  contributions made
during the previous month for each  participant,  and the Company  contributions
made with respect to the payroll deductions, for the purchase of whole shares of
Stock and  fractional  interest in shares for each  participant's  account.  The
purchase of shares with those  contributions shall be made as soon as reasonably
practicable thereafter.

ARTICLE 9 - PURCHASE PRICE
--------------------------
     The price per share of Stock shall be the current  open market price at the
time of trade during any trading day on the New York Stock  Exchange.  The terms
"business  day" or  "trading  day" as used  herein  mean a day on which there is
trading  on the New  York  Stock  Exchange  or such  other  national  securities
exchange as shall be designated by the Committee.

ARTICLE 10 - CASH AND STOCK DIVIDENDS; STOCK SPLITS
---------------------------------------------------
     Subject to the receipt of a contrary notice from the participant, the Agent
will credit cash  dividends to the account  icipant on the date those  dividends
are paid and shall  reinvest  such  dividends in Stock as soon as is  reasonably
practicable. A11 Stock dividends and Stock splits shall be credited by the Agent
to the account of each  participant.  Any other  distributions of securities and
rights to subscribe  shall be sold and the net proceeds  credited to the account
of each participant.

ARTICLE 11 - ISSUANCE OF STOCK CERTIFICATES
-------------------------------------------
     A  participant  may direct once each  calendar  year,  at any time,  that a
certificate  be  issued by the Agent as soon as  practicable  and  mailed to the
participant for any number of full shares held in the participant's  account. In
addition,  as described in Article 7, certificates for all whole shares of Stock
purchased for a participant  will be delivered as soon as practicable  after the
participant's  withdrawal  from  the  Plan.  Certificates  for  shares  of Stock
purchased  under the Plan will be issued in the name of the  participant,  or in
the name of the  participant  and another  person of legal age as joint  tenants
with right of  survivorship,  as directed by the participant in writing,  on the
enrollment form filed by the participant under Article 4.

ARTICLE 12 -- COMPANY'S PAYMENT OF EXPENSES RELATED TO PLAN
-----------------------------------------------------------
     The  Company  will pay the Agent  for all  commissions  and  other  charges
rendered in  connection  with the  purchase  of Stock under the Plan,  including
dividend  reinvestments.  The  commissions  on all such  purchases  and dividend
reinvestments  shall  be at the  minimum  (or best  available)  rates as then in
effect on the New York Stock Exchange.

ARTICLE 13 - ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN
---------------------------------------
     The Plan shall be administered by a Committee (the "Committee")  consisting
of the Company's  Senior Vice President - Human Resources and Public Affairs and
its Treasurer. The Board of Directors may from time to time remove members from,
or add members to, the Committee.  Vacancies on the Committee,  however  caused,
shall be filled by the Board of Directors.  Acts of the Committee  reduced to or
approved in writing by any member of the  Committee,  shall be the valid acts of
the Committee.

     The  interpretation  and construction by the Committee of any provisions of
the Plan shall be final unless  otherwise  determined by the Board of Directors.
The  Committee  may from  time to time  adopt  such  rules and  regulations  for
carrying  out the Plan as it may deem best.  No member of the Board of Directors
or the Committee  shall be liable for any action or  determination  made in good
faith with respect to the Plan.

ARTICLE 14 - TERMINATION OF EMPLOYEE'S RIGHTS
---------------------------------------------
     A  participant's  rights  to  make  contributions  and to  receive  Company
contributions  under the Plan will terminate  immediately upon the participant's
termination  of  employment  by  reason  of  retirement,   resignation,  layoff,
discharge,  death, or for any other reason. In the event a participant's payroll
deductions are interrupted by any legal process, a written notice of termination
of deduction  will be considered to have been received from that  participant on
the day the interruption occurs.

ARTICLE 15 - TERMINATION AND AMENDMENTS TO PLAN
-----------------------------------------------
     The Plan shall  terminate on December 31, 1993  (Extension  of  termination
date was adopted by the Board of Directors on November 5, 1991). The Plan may be
renewed,  however,  at any time by the Board of  Directors  of the  Company  for
additional  terms of up to two years each.  The Board of Directors also reserves
the right to amend the Plan from time to time in any  respect  and to change the
eligibility requirements to suit administrative convenience.  The Agent reserves
the  right,  upon 90 days  notice  to the  Company,  to amend or  terminate  its
agreement with the Company,  and by so doing,  modify or terminate its servicing
arrangement under the Plan.

ARTICLE 16 - REPRESENTATIONS ON STOCK PURCHASED UNDER THE PLAN
--------------------------------------------------------------
     The Company makes no  representations  as to the investment  quality of its
Stock. Plan participation is strictly voluntary.  The Company does not intend to
restrict  or  influence  any  employee  in the  conduct  of his own  affairs.  A
participant  may,  therefore,  sell Stock  purchased  under the Plan and held in
certificate  form by the  participant at any time. All plan  participants  shall
vest in all customary shareholder rights, including voting privileges.

ARTICLE 17 - PARTICIPANT-STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
-------------------------------------------
     Neither an employee's  status as a participant  nor the deductions from the
employee's pay shall make employee a stockholder until shares of Stock have been
purchased for such employee's account.

ARTICLE 18 - SECURITIES REGULATIONS
-----------------------------------
     Actions undertaken by the Agent to buy and deliver whole shares of Stock or
to buy, sell and deliver the proceeds of  fractional  shares of Stock under this
Plan are subject to the provision of the  constitution,  rules and  regulations,
and customs and usages of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. as from time to time
in effect shall apply.

ARTICLE 19 - WITHHOLDING OF TAX
-------------------------------
     The Company, or a participating  subsidiary,  acting in accordance with the
requirements of applicable laws and regulations, will withhold from the wages of
participating  employees all income and other taxes required with respect to any
amount  deducted  from a  participant's  pay under the Plan,  or with respect to
amounts contributed by the Company for the participant under the Plan.

ARTICLE 20 - FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT OF COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS AND DIVIDENDS
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Company  contributions  made for a participant's  benefit,  with respect to
that participant's payroll deductions, are subject to federal income tax and may
be subject to state and local  taxes.  Those  amounts  will be  reported  to the
Employee  annually on Internal  Revenue  Service Form W-2, or any successor form
specified by the Internal Revenue Service.

     Dividends  declared  on Stock held for a  participant  are also  subject to
federal  income tax and may be subject to state and local  taxes  regardless  of
whether such  dividends are actually paid to the  participant  or are applied to
purchase  Stock.  The Agent shall supply trade  confirmations  and statements to
each participant to be used in the preparation of annual income tax returns.

ARTICLE 21 - APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
-----------------------------------------------
     The Plan was  approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on November
6, 1987.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
