<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX10-10 SERP JN AMENDMENT
<TEXT>
STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA
COUNTY OF PHILADELPHIA


          AMENDED NON-QUALIFIED RETIREMENT AND DEATH BENEFIT AGREEMENT


         THIS  AMENDMENT TO THE ORIGINAL  AGREEMENT,  made and entered into this
day of June 1996 by and between  ROXBOROUGH-  MANAYUNK  FEDERAL  SAVINGS  BANK a
corporation  (hereinafter  called  the  "Company")  and  JERRY  A.  NAESSENS  an
individual employee of the Company (hereinafter called the "Employee").

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS,  in November of 1993 the Company and Employee entered into the
original non-qualified retirement and death benefit agreement; and

         WHEREAS,  the parties mutually desire to amend said original agreement;
and

         WHEREAS,  the following  underlined  portions of this  amendment to the
original  agreement  shall  express  the  desired  amendments  to  the  original
agreement; and

         WHEREAS, all other terms and conditions of the original agreement shall
remain in full force and effect; and

         WHEREAS, the Employer has in existence a qualified pension plan; and

         WHEREAS,  the Employee has been  employed by the Company  since June 1,
1991 and is  currently  performing  valuable  services  for the  Company  in the
capacity of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and

         WHEREAS,  the Board of  Directors  of the Company  recognizes  that the
Employee has been  performing  his said  services for the Company in a competent
and efficient manner which has inured to the benefit of the Company; and

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company desires to encourage the
Employee to continue in the employ of the Company and to continue to perform his
duties of employment in a capable and efficient manner; and


                                        1

<PAGE>

         WHEREAS,  the  Employee  is  willing to  continue  in the employ of the
Company and to continue the capable and efficient  performance of his employment
duties if the Company  grants a  non-qualified  retirement  and death benefit in
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement;

         WHEREAS,  the Employee is considered a highly  compensated  employee or
member of a select management group of the Company.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises hereof,  the Company
and the Employee agree as follows:

         1. Retirement Benefit. Subject to the terms and conditions specified in
this  Agreement,  the Company hereby agrees that if the Employee  remains in the
employ of the Company until his Retirement  Date, as hereinafter  defined,  then
the  Company  will  pay  to  the  Employee  or  his  spouse,  ANNA  G.  NAESSENS
(hereinafter  "Surviving Spouse")a monthly retirement benefit of $4,166.67.  The
retirement benefits shall be payable in equal monthly installments commencing on
the Employee's  Retirement  Date and  continuing  thereafter on the first day of
each  month  through  and  including  the later of either the month in which the
Employee dies or the month in which the Spouse dies.

         2. Retirement  Date. The Employee and the Company hereby agree that the
Employee  shall retire from his  employment  with the Company no earlier than on
the first day of the month in which the  Employee  attains age (67);  which date
for purposes of this Agreement, shall be the Employee's "Retirement Date".

         3.  Retirement  Due to Total and Permanent  Disability.  Subject to the
terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,  the Company hereby agrees that if the
Employee  retires from  continuous  employment with the Company due to his total
and permanent  disability,  as defined in this Paragraph,  the Employee shall be
deemed  to be  continuously  employed  by  the  Company  for  purposes  of  this
Agreement.  The employee will be entitled to the Annual  Retirement  Benefit set
forth in Paragraph 1 of this Agreement,  provided that such disability continues
without  interruption until the Employee attains  sixty-seven (67) years of age.
For purposes of this Agreement,  "total and permanent disability",  or any words
or phrase of similar effect, means any medically determinable physical or mental
disorder which renders the Employee incapable of continuing in the employ of the
Company. An Employee shall be

                                        2

<PAGE>

considered totally and permanently  disabled upon a good faith  determination by
the Board of Directors  of the Company on the basis of such medical  evidence as
the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, require.

         4. Pre-Retirement Death Benefit. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement,  the Company agrees that if the Employee dies while continuously
employed by the  Company  and prior to age 67, the  Company  will pay an Monthly
Death Benefit to the Employee's  Surviving  Spouse(ies) until the month in which
the Surviving  Spouse dies.  The monthly amount of such death benefit will be as
follows:


     A.  $1,375.00 should employee die at age 58

     B.  $1,575.00   "        "     "  "   "  59

     C.  $2,500.00   "        "     "  "   "  60
         ---------

     D.  $2,791.00   "        "     "  "   "  61
         ---------

     E.  $3,082.00   "        "     "  "   "  62
         ---------

     F.  $3,375.00   "        "     "  "   "  63
         ---------

     G.  $3,625.00   "        "     "  "   "  64
         ---------

     H.   Should Employee die at the age of 65 or 66, then the Surviving  Spouse
          will be  entitled  to the  Annual  Retirement  Benefit  set  forth  in
          Paragraph 1 of this Agreement.
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------

         5. Life  Insurance.  The Company  may  purchase a policy or policies of
insurance  on  the  life  of the  Employee.  The  Company  will  be  the  owner,
beneficiary and premium payer of any such insurance  policy(ies) and neither the
Employee nor his  Surviving  Spouse shall have any  ownership or other rights in
such policy(ies) or any proceeds thereof. Such policy(ies) are not earmarked for
the payment of any benefits under this agreement.

         6.  Non-Assignable  Rights.  Except as may be expressly permitted under
any other  provision of this  Agreement,  neither the Employee nor his Surviving
Spouse shall have any right to commute, sell, anticipate,  assign,  transfer, or
otherwise convey the right to receive any payments hereunder, which payments and
the rights  thereto  hereby are  expressly  declared  to be  non-assignable  and
non-transferable.

         7. Independence of Agreement. The benefits payable under this Agreement
shall be independent of, and in addition to, any other  employment  agreement or
employment  benefit agreement or plan or rights that may exist from time to time
between the parties hereto. This Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute

                                        3

<PAGE>

a contract of  employment  between the parties  hereto,  nor shall any provision
hereof restrict the right of the Company to discharge the Employee,  or restrict
the right of the  Employee to terminate  his  employment  with the Company.  The
rights and obligations  hereunder of the parties hereto shall terminate upon the
termination of the Employee's  employment  with the Company for any reason other
than the Employee's  death or retirement from his employment with the company at
his retirement date.

         8. Non-Secured Promise. The rights under this Agreement of the Employee
and the Surviving Spouse hereunder shall be solely those of an unsecured general
creditor  of the  Company.  Whether or not  acquired  or held by the  Company in
connection with this  Agreement,  no assets of the Company  whatsoever  shall be
deemed to be held by the Company in trust or as security  for the  Employee,  or
any Surviving Spouse hereunder,  or the Company.  Any assets acquired or held by
the  Company in  connection  with this  Agreement  shall be and remain  general,
unpledged, unrestricted assets of the Company.

         9. Claims Procedure.

         A.  Benefits  shall be paid in accordance  with the  provisions of this
Agreement. The Employee, or a designated recipient, or any other person claiming
through the Employee  (hereinafter  collectively  referred to as the "Claimant")
shall make a written  request for the benefits  provided  under this  Agreement.
This written claim shall be mailed or delivered to the Named Fiduciary.

         B. If the claim is denied,  either wholly or  partially,  notice of the
decision shall be mailed to the Claimant within a reasonable  time period.  This
time period shall not exceed more than 90 days after the receipt of the claim by
the Named Fiduciary.

         C. The Named  Fiduciary  shall provide written notice to every Claimant
who is denied a claim for benefits  under this  Agreement.  The notice shall set
forth the following information:

         1. the specific reasons for the denial;

                                        4

<PAGE>



         2. the specific  reference to pertinent  plan  provisions  on which the
denial is based;

         3. a description  of any additional  material or information  necessary
for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or
information is necessary; and

         4.  appropriate  information  and  explanation of the claims  procedure
under  this  Agreement  so as to permit  the  Claimant  to submit  his claim for
review.

         All of this  information  shall be set forth in the  notice in a manner
calculated to be understood by the Claimant.

         D. The claims procedure under this Agreement shall allow the Claimant a
reasonable  opportunity  to  appeal a denied  claim and to get the full and fair
review of that decision from the Named Fiduciary.

         1. The  Claimant  shall  exercise  his right of appeal by  submitting a
written  request for a review of the denied claim to the Named  Fiduciary.  This
written request for review must be submitted to the Named Fiduciary  within (not
less than 60) days  after  receipt  by the  Claimant  of the  written  notice of
denial.

         2. The  Claimant  shall have the  following  rights  under this  appeal
procedure:

               a.   to request a review upon  written  application  to the Named
                    Fiduciary;

               b.   to review  pertinent  documents  with regard to the employee
                    benefit plan created under this Agreement;

               c.   the right to submit issues and comments in writing;

               d.   to request an extension of time to make a written submission
                    of issues and comments; and

               e.   to  request  that a hearing be held to  consider  Claimant's
                    appeal.

         E. The  decision on the review of the denied  claim  shall  promptly be
made by the Named Fiduciary;

                                        5

<PAGE>

         1.  within  (not more than 60) days after  receipt of the  request  for
review if no hearing is held;  or

         2. within (not more that 120) days after the receipt of the request for
review,  if an extension of time is necessary in order to hold a hearing.

               a.   If an  extension  of time is  necessary  in  order to hold a
                    hearing, the Named Fiduciary shall give the Claimant written
                    notice of the  extension  of time and of the  hearing.  This
                    notice shall be given to any extension.

               b.   The  written  notice of  extension  shall  indicate  that an
                    extension  of time will  occur in order to hold a hearing on
                    Claimant's  appeal. The notice shall also specify the place,
                    date,   and  time  of  that   hearing  and  the   Claimant's
                    opportunity  to  participate  in the  hearing.  It may  also
                    include any other  information the Named Fiduciary  believes
                    may be  important  or useful to the  Claimant in  connection
                    with the appeal.

         F. The decision to hold a hearing to consider the Claimant's  appeal of
the denied  claim shall be within the sole  discretion  of the Named  Fiduciary,
whether or not the Claimant requests such a hearing.


         G. The Named  Fiduciary's  decision on review  shall be made in writing
and provided to the Claimant  within the specified  time periods in Paragraph E.
This written decision on review shall contain the following information;

               1.   the decision(s);

               2.   the reasons for the decision(s); and

               3.   specific  references to the plan provisions of the Agreement
                    on which the decision(s) is/are based.

         All of this information  shall be written in a manner  calculated to be
understood by the Claimant.

                                        6

<PAGE>


         10.  Named  Fiduciary.  The Company is the named  fiduciary  under this
Agreement.

         11.  Amendment of Agreement.  This Agreement may be amended in whole or
in part by written agreement between the Company and the Employee.

         12. Termination of Agreement. This Agreement and the obligations of the
Company  hereunder may be terminated at any time by the Company by resolution of
its Board of Directors and with the written  consent of the  Employee,  in which
event the Employee shall have no rights hereunder  against the Company,  nor any
interest in or claim against any assets of the Company.

         13. Paragraph  Headings.  The paragraph headings used in this Agreement
are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to be a part of
this Agreement.

         14.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  was made and entered into in the
State of Pennsylvania  and the laws of said State shall govern the  construction
of this  Agreement  and the  rights and  liabilities  hereunder  of the  parties
hereto.


                                        7

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has  caused  this  Agreement  to be
executed, sealed and attested on its behalf by its duly authorized officers, and
the  Employee  has  hereunto  set his hand and seal as of the day and year first
above written.





(CORPORATE SEAL)                           ROXBOROUGH-MANAYUNK
                                           FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK



ATTEST:                                    BY:/s/John F. McGill, Sr.
                                              ----------------------
                                              JOHN F. McGILL, SR.
                                              PRESIDENT/CEO



                                              /s/Jerry A. Naessens
                                              -----------------------
                                              JERRY A. NAESSENS





                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
