<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a2107074zex-10_14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                                 SIXTH AMENDMENT
                                     TO THE
                            ALLEGIANCE TELECOM, INC.
                            1998 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
            (APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON JANUARY 14, 2003)

WHEREAS, the Allegiance Telecom, Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") was
adopted by the Corporation's Board of Directors.

WHEREAS, the Corporation's Board of Directors is amending the Allegiance
Telecom, Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan in accordance with Section 16 of such
Plan.

RESOLVED, that Section 17 of the Plan be amended and restated in its entirety as
follows:

          "1. AMENDMENT (INCLUDING REPRICING) AND SUBSTITUTION OF AWARDS UNDER
     THE PLAN.

     The terms of any outstanding award under the Plan may be amended from time
     to time by the Committee in its discretion in any manner that it deems
     appropriate (including, but not limited to, repricing of the award,
     extending the exercise period of the award, accelerating the vesting date
     of any award and/or payments thereunder and/or accelerating the date of
     lapse of restrictions on Shares); provided that, except as otherwise
     provided in Section 15, no such amendment shall adversely affect in a
     material manner any right of a participant under the award without his or
     her written consent. The Committee may, in its discretion, permit holders
     of awards under the Plan to surrender outstanding awards in order to
     exercise or realize rights under other awards, or in exchange for the grant
     of new awards, or require holders of awards to surrender outstanding awards
     as a condition precedent to the grant of new awards under the Plan.

     The term "repricing" means any of the following (or any other action that
     has the same effect as any of the following): (1) amending the terms of a
     stock option after it is granted to lower its exercise price; (2) any other
     action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting
     principles; and (3) canceling an option at a time when its exercise price
     is equal to or greater than the fair market value of the underlying stock,
     in exchange for another option, restricted stock, or other equity. A
     cancellation and exchange described in clause (3) of the preceding sentence
     will be considered a repricing regardless of whether the option, restricted
     stock or other equity is delivered simultaneously with the cancellation,
     regardless of whether it is treated as a repricing under generally accepted
     accounting principles, and regardless of whether it is voluntary on the
     part of the option holder. "

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
