<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dex1036.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.36

THIS 12% PROMISSORY NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION PROVISIONS
OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR APPLICABLE EXEMPTIONS
THEREFROM.

                          LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                   12% PROMISSORY NOTE DUE SEPTEMBER 30, 2006

$8,000,000                                   October 31, 2001

       FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), hereby promises to pay to Capital Resource Partners IV, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership, or assigns (hereinafter referred to as the
"Payee"), on September 30, 2006, the principal sum of EIGHT MILLION DOLLARS
($8,000,000) or such part thereof as then remains unpaid, and to pay interest
from the date hereof on the whole amount of said principal sum and accrued
interest remaining from time to time unpaid at the rate of twelve percent (12%)
per annum, such interest to be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business
Day (as defined in the Purchase Agreement referred to below) of March, June,
September and December, beginning December 31, 2001, until this Note is paid in
full. Principal and interest shall be payable in lawful money of the United
States of America, in immediately available funds, by wire transfer of funds to
the account or accounts designated in writing by the Payee or in such other
manner as the Payee may designate from time to time in writing to the Company.
Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number
of days elapsed. Nothing in this Note shall require the Company to pay interest
at a rate in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. Any
interest payable hereunder or under any other instrument relating to the
indebtedness evidenced hereby that is in excess of the maximum rate permitted by
applicable law shall, in the event of acceleration of maturity, late payment,
prepayment, or otherwise, be applied to a reduction of the unrepaid indebtedness
evidenced hereby and not to the payment of interest, or if such excessive
interest exceeds the unpaid balance of such unrepaid indebtedness, such excess
shall be refunded to the Company. To the extent not prohibited by applicable
law, determination of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law shall at all
times be made by amortizing, prorating, allocating and spreading in equal parts
during the full term of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, all interest at an
time contracted for, charged or received from the Company in connection with the
indebtedness evidenced hereby, so that the actual rate of interest on account of
such indebtedness is uniform throughout the term thereof.

       This Note is issued pursuant to and is entitled to the benefits of a
certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and
between the Company and the Payee (as the same may be amended, modified,
supplemented or restated from time to time, referred to herein as the "Purchase
Agreement"), and each holder of this Note, by its acceptance

<PAGE>

hereof, agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. The
Company and the Payee acknowledge and agree that in case of an Event of Default,
as defined in the Purchase Agreement, the entire unpaid principal of this Note
and all interest accrued and unpaid thereon may automatically become or may be
declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the
Purchase Agreement. If an Event of Default as defined in the Purchase Agreement
has occurred and is continuing, from and after the date thirty (30) days after
the date such Event of Default occurred any outstanding unpaid principal hereof
and any accrued but unpaid interest from time to time due thereon shall bear
interest, payable on demand, at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, or
such lower rate as then may be the maximum rate permitted by applicable law,
provided, however, that upon the cessation or cure of such Event of Default, if
no other Event of Default is then continuing, this Note shall again bear
interest at the rate first set forth above.

       As provided in the Purchase Agreement, upon surrender of this Note for
transfer or exchange, a new Note or new Notes of the same tenor dated the date
to which interest has been paid on the surrendered Note and in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the Note so surrendered
will be issued to the transferee or transferees.

       In case any payment herein provided for shall not be paid when due, the
Company promises to pay all costs of collection, including all reasonable
attorneys' fees.

       This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

       The Company and all endorsers and guarantors of this Note hereby waive
presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and all other demands and
notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance or enforcement
of this Note.

                [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       2

<PAGE>

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Note under seal as of
the date first written above.

                                        Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.

                                              By: /s/ Stephen J. Lifshatz
                                                 ------------------------
                                           Senior Vice President and Chief
                                              Financial Officer

[Corporate Seal]

Attest:

By:      /s/ Margaret A. Shukur
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
         Title:  General Counsel and Secretary

                                       3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
