<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>g80088exv2w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                        EX - 2.1

                              ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
                                     TO THE
                           SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
                               FLORIDA BANKS, INC.

               The name of the Corporation is FLORIDA BANKS, INC.

      The undersigned certifies, on behalf of the Corporation, that pursuant to
the authority contained in its Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation (the "Articles of Incorporation"), and in accordance with the
provisions of Section 607.0602(4) of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the
"Act"), the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimOUs written consent,
dated December 9, 2002, pursuant to Section 607.0821 of the Act, duly approved
and adopted the following resolution, which resolution is effective without
approval of the Corporation's shareholders pursuant to Section 607.0602(4) Of
the Act and remains in full force and effect on the date hereof:

      RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors
of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation and Section 607.0602 of the Act, a series of preferred stock of
the CorporatIOn be, and it hereby is, created, and the designation and amount
thereof and the voting powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
and other special rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, are as follows:

      1. Designation. The designation of the series of preferred stock created
by this resolution shall be Series C Preferred Stock, $100.00 par value per
share (hereinafter referred to as the "Series C Preferred Stock"), and the
initial number of shares constituting such series shall be 50,000. Such number
may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares then
outstanding) from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and
upon the consent of the holders of a majority of the Series C Preferred Stock
("Majority Consent"). The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank prior to the
common stock of the Corporation, $.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock"),
with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets.

      2. Dividend Rights.

            (a) The holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
      entitled to receive on a per share basis

                  (1) when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of
      funds legally available therefor, cash dividends, at an annual rate of
      5.0% per share (expressed as a percentage of the $100.00 per share
      liquidation preference set forth in Section 3 hereof) payable in arrears
      in quarterly installments to be mailed: (i) no later than forty-five days
      after the end of the fourth fiscal quarter of each fiscal year of the
      Corporation; and (ii) no later than fifteen (15) days after the end of the
      first, second and third fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the
      Corporation (the "Regular Dividend") plus,

                  (2) if quarterly dividends on the common stock are ever
      greater than the Quarterly Equivalent Dividend Amount, the amount of such
      excess times the Notional Exchange Ratio, payable in the same manner on
      which the Common Stock dividends are being paid.

            The Quarterly Equivalent Dividend Amount shall be equal to 25% of
      the Regular Dividend divided by the Notional Exchange Ratio. Dividends on
      the Series C Preferred Stock will be non-cumulative. The rate at which
      dividends are paid shall be adjusted for any combinations or divisions or
      similar recapitalizations affecting the shares of Series C Preferred
      Stock. So long as any shares of
<PAGE>
      Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the amount of all dividends
      paid with respect to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to
      this subparagraph shall be paid pro rata to the holders entitled thereto
      and (ii) holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled
      to receive the dividends provided for in this subparagraph in preference
      to and in priority over any dividends upon any Common Stock.

            (b) The Corporation shall not (i) declare, pay or set apart for
      payment any dividends or distributions on any stock ranking as to
      dividends junior to the Series C Preferred Stock (other than dividends
      paid in shares of such junior stock) or (ii) make any purchase or
      redemption of, or any sinking fund payment for the purchase or redemption
      of, any stock ranking as to dividends junior to the Series C Preferred
      Stock (other than a purchase or redemption made by issue or delivery of
      such junior stock) unless all dividends payable on all outstanding shares
      of Series C Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods shall have been
      paid in full or declared and a sufficient sum set apart for payment
      thereof.

      3. Liquidation Preference.

            (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
      the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the
      holders of Series C Preferred Stock at that time shall be entitled to
      receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
      shareholders an amount equal to $100.00 per share plus (1) an amount equal
      to accrued and unpaid dividends thereon through and including the date of
      such distribution and (2) plus to the extent that distributions under this
      provision on the Common Stock exceeds the Common Liquidation Equivalent
      Amount, an amount equal to such excess times the Notional Exchange Ratio,
      before any distribution shall be made to the holders of any class of stock
      of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock as to
      the distribution of assets. The Common Liquidation Equivalent Amount shall
      be equal to $100.00 divided by the Notional Exchange Ratio, plus the
      Regular Dividend.

            (b) If the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to
      shareholders upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
      affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, are
      insufficient to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to the Series
      C Preferred Stock, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock at that time
      shall share ratably in any distribution of assets of the Corporation in
      proportion to the full respective preferential amounts to which they are
      entitled.

            (c) The merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any
      other corporation, the merger or consolidation of any other corporation
      into or with the Corporation or the sale of the assets of the Corporation
      substantially as an entirety shall not be deemed a liquidation,
      dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation within the
      meaning of this paragraph.

      4. Conversion Rights. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not, by
its terms, be convertible into any other securities of the Corporation.

      5. Voting Rights. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall have no voting
rights except as required by law or as expressly provided herein. The following
actions may not be taken except upon Majority Consent:

            (i) the amendment of the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock; or

            (ii) the authorization any class of stock ranking prior or equal to
the Series C Preferred Stock in respect of dividends or distribution of assets
on liquidation.
<PAGE>
      6. Reacquired Shares. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock redeemed, or
otherwise purchased or acquired by the Corporation shall be restored to the
status of authorized but unissued shares of the Corporation's preferred stock
without designation as to series.

      7. No Sinking Fund. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not subject to
the operation of a sinking fund.

      8. Mandatory Redemption.

      (a) The Series C Preferred Stock shall be mandatorily redeemable by the
Corporation upon a Change of Control and at the Redemption Price.

      (b) For purposes of this Section 8, the following terms shall have the
indicated definitions:

      "Change of Control" shall mean a merger or consolidation of the
Corporation with any other corporation or the sale or disposition of the
Corporation of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets to another
corporation other than (A) a merger or consolidation or sale that would result
in the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior
thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof),
in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of any Corporation, at least 51% of
the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Corporation or such
surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger
or consolidation, or (B) a merger or consolidation or sale effected to implement
a recapitalization of the Corporation (or similar transaction) in which no
Person is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in the federal securities
laws), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation (not including
in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired
directly from the Corporation) representing 25% or more of the combined voting
power of the Corporation's then outstanding voting securities; or (C) a plan of
complete liquidation of the Corporation.

      "Redemption Price" shall mean, at the election of the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock an amount per share equal to (1) the liquidation
preference payable under Section 3, payable in cash or (2) ten times the
consideration per common share being received in the Change of Control
transaction by holders of the Corporation's Common Stock.

      9. Notional Exchange Ratio. The Notional Exchange Ratio shall be 10 (10
shares of Common Stock for one share of Series C Preferred Stock), which ratio
shall be subject to equitable adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations, reclassifications and similar matters in the same manner as
if the Series C Preferred Stock were convertible into the Corporation's Common
Stock.

      The foregoing Amendment to the Corporation's Second Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation is filed pursuant to Section 607.1006 of the Act and
was duly adopted by the unanimous written consent of the Corporation's Board of
Directors without a meeting pursuant to Section 607.0821 of the Act and is
effective without approval of the Corporation's shareholders pursuant to
Section 607.0602(4) of the Act.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed these Articles of
Amendment as of the 31st day of December, 2002.

                                       /s/ T. Edwin Stinson, Jr.
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                         T. Edwin Stinson, Jr.,
                                         Chief Financial Officer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
