<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.73
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex1073.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.73

                  LOAN DOCUMENT MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (No. 2)

         LOAN DOCUMENT MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (NO. 2) (the "Agreement"), dated
as of March 28, 2003, by and among LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS B.V. and
LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES B.V., each a limited liability company incorporated
under the laws of the Netherlands, Lionbridge Technologies Ireland, an unlimited
company incorporated under the laws of Ireland (collectively, the "Borrowers"),
and SILICON VALLEY BANK ("Silicon"), a California chartered bank with its
principal place of business at 3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054,
and with a loan production office located at One Newton Executive Park, 2221
Washington Street, Suite 200, Newton, Massachusetts 02462, doing business under
the name "Silicon Valley East".

1. Reference to Existing Loan Documents.

         Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of June 28,
2001, between Silicon and the Borrowers, as amended by Loan Document
Modification Agreement (No. 1), dated as of April 29, 2002 (as so amended, with
the attached schedules and exhibits, the "Loan Agreement"), and the Loan
Documents referred to therein, including without limitation, that certain
Promissory Note of the Borrowers dated as of June 28, 2001, in the principal
amount of U.S. $6,000,000, as amended by that certain Allonge dated April 29,
2002 (as so amended, the "Note"). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized
terms used in this Agreement shall have the same respective meanings as set
forth in the Loan Agreement.

2. Effective Date.

         This Agreement shall become effective as of March 28, 2003 (the
"Effective Date"), provided that Silicon shall have received the following on or
before such date and provided further, that in no event shall this Agreement
become effective until signed by an officer of Silicon in California:

     a.   two copies of this Agreement, duly executed by the Borrowers, with the
          attached Consent of Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. ("LTI"), duly
          executed thereby;

     b.   an Allonge to the Note, in the form of Exhibit 1 attached hereto, duly
          executed by each of the Borrowers;

     c.   a Guarantee Modification Agreement (No. 2) in the form of Exhibit 2
          attached hereto, duly executed by LTI, with the attached Consent of
          the Borrowers, duly executed thereby; and

     d.   a certificate of the Secretary or other appropriate officer of each
          Borrower, certifying (i) that the resolutions of its Board of
          Directors attached to such certificate, authorizing execution and
          delivery of this Agreement and the Allonge, have been duly authorized,
          (ii) that the charter and other organizational documents of such
          Borrower delivered to Silicon on June 28, 2001 remain in effect and
          have not been amended or modified in any respect, and (iii) as to the
          identity of officer(s) authorized to execute this Agreement and the
          Allonge and to

<PAGE>

          take all other actions contemplated hereby and thereby, and providing
          signature specimens of such officer(s).

3. Description of Changes in Terms.

         As of the Effective Date, the Loan Agreement is modified in the
following respects:

     a.   Section 1.4. Section 1.4 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
          adding the following sentence at the end of said section: "The full
          amount of the Loan Fee shall be fully earned by Silicon on April 2,
          2003, regardless of when payable; provided, however, in the event the
          obligation to extend credit under this Agreement is syndicated or
          shared among other financial institutions prior to the Maturity Date,
          such Loan Fee shall, for purposes of the allocation thereof among
          Silicon and such other financial institutions, be deemed to accrue
          monthly, over a two year period commencing April 2, 2003, and any paid
          or unpaid portion of the Loan Fee not deemed accrued on or before the
          date of syndication or sharing, shall be distributed among Silicon and
          such other financial institutions on a pro rata basis in accordance
          with their respective commitments to extend credit hereunder."

     b.   Section 1.5. Section 1.5 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
          adding the parenthetical "(plus the Foreign Exchange Reserve)"
          immediately after the first appearance of the words "Letters of
          Credit" in the second sentence therein.

     c.   Section 1.6. Section 1.6 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
          adding the parenthetical "(plus the aggregate face amount of all
          outstanding Letters of Credit)" immediately after the first appearance
          of the words "Exchange Contracts" in the second sentence therein.

     d.   Section 5.5. Clause (viii) of Section 5.5(c) of the Loan Agreement is
          hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

          "incur any debts, other than the subordinated Inside Debt listed on
          Exhibit A to the Schedule hereto or subordinated debt incurred (on a
          dollar for dollar basis, with the written consent of the Bank) in
          substitution thereof, or debts to a subsidiary in the ordinary course
          of business, but only to the extent such debt would not have a
          material, adverse effect on Borrower or any guarantor (including the
          Parent Guarantor) or on the prospect of repayment of the
          Obligations;".

     e.   Section 6.2. Section 6.2 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and
          restated in its entirety to read as follows:

          "6.2 Early Termination. So long as no Loans, Letters of Credit or
          Exchange Contracts are then outstanding, the credit facility
          established under this Agreement may be terminated prior to the
          Maturity Date by Borrower providing Silicon written notice thereof not
          less than three Business Days prior to the date of the proposed
          termination. Such termination shall subject Borrower to, and in the

                                        2

<PAGE>

          event Silicon shall exercise its remedy of acceleration pursuant to
          Section 7.1(b) Borrower shall be subjected to, in addition to any
          other fees and amounts payable hereunder, a termination fee (the
          "Cancellation Fee") in the amount set forth on the Schedule to this
          Loan Agreement. In the event the Cancellation Fee or any other fees or
          amounts payable hereunder are not paid in full on the termination date
          or acceleration date, as the case may be, such amounts shall bear
          interest, until paid in full, at the rate set forth in the Schedule to
          this Agreement.".

     f.   Section 7.1. Section 7.1 of the Loan Agreement is amended as follows:

          (i) Section 7.1(m) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and
          restated in its entirety to read as follows: in its entirety to read
          as follows:

          "Borrower or Guarantor makes any payment on account of any
          indebtedness or obligation which has been subordinated to the
          Obligations other than (A) as permitted in the applicable
          subordination agreement and hereunder or (B) during any fiscal quarter
          commencing on or after April 1, 2003, regularly scheduled payments
          (excluding any mandatory or voluntary prepayment, by acceleration or
          otherwise) required pursuant to terms of the subordinated debt
          documents, on the dates specified therein, but only to the extent the
          Aggregated EBITDA for such fiscal quarter then exceeds the sum of the
          EBITDA Threshold applicable thereto plus the aggregate amount of all
          payments of subordinated debt made on or after April 1, 2003; or if
          any Person that has subordinated such indebtedness or obligations
          terminates or in any way limits its subordination agreement;"; and

          (ii) Section 7.1(q) of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in
          its entirety to read as follows:

          "there shall be (i) a Default or Event of Default (as defined in the
          Domestic Loan Documents) under the Domestic Loan Documents and/or (ii)
          a material breach of any representation or warranty, or any breach of
          any covenant (including, without limitation, any financial covenant)
          or obligation (including, without limitation, any payment obligation)
          of the Guarantor under the Parent Guarantee;".

     g.   Section 8. Section 8 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as
          follows:

          (i)  The following additional definitions are inserted therein in
               appropriate alphabetical order:

               "'Aggregated EBITDA' means, for any fiscal quarter, the sum
               (without duplication) of the EBITDAs (as defined in the Parent
               Guarantee) for each completed fiscal quarter ending after March
               31, 2003."; and

               "'EBITDA Threshold' means, for each fiscal quarter specified
               below, the respective amount specified below for such fiscal
               quarter:

                                        3

<PAGE>

               Fiscal Quarter Ended                           EBITDA Threshold
               --------------------                           ----------------

               April 1, 2003 - June 30, 2003                   $ 1,300,000.00
               July 1, 2003 - September 30, 2003               $ 3,250,000.00
               October 1, 2003 - December 31, 2003             $ 5,250,000.00
               January 1, 2004 - March 31, 2004                $ 7,500,000.00
               April 1, 2004 - June 30, 2004                   $10,000,000.00
               July 1, 2004 - September 30, 2004               $12,750,000.00
               October 1, 2004 - December 31, 2004             $15,750,000.00"

          (ii) The definition of "Eligible Receivables" is amended and restated
               in its entirety to read as follows:

               " `Eligible Receivables' means Receivables arising in the
               ordinary course of Borrower's business from the sale of goods or
               rendition of services, which have been invoiced to the relevant
               Account Debtor, which Silicon, in its commercially reasonable
               judgment, shall deem eligible for borrowing, based on such
               commercially reasonable considerations as Silicon may from time
               to time deem appropriate. Without limiting the fact that the
               determination of which Receivables are eligible for borrowing is
               a matter of Silicon's discretion, the following (the "Eligibility
               Requirements") are the minimum requirements by which a Receivable
               may be deemed an Eligible Receivable: (i) the Receivable must not
               be outstanding for more than 90 days from its invoice date, (ii)
               the Receivable must not be subject to any contingencies
               (including Receivables arising from sales on consignment,
               guaranteed sale or other terms pursuant to which payment by the
               Account Debtor may be conditional), (iii) the Receivable must not
               be owing from an Account Debtor with whom Borrower has any
               material dispute regarding collection (whether or not relating to
               the particular Receivable), (iv) the Receivable must not be owing
               from an Affiliate of Borrower, (v) the Receivable must not be
               owing from an Account Debtor which is subject to any insolvency
               or bankruptcy proceeding, or which, fails or goes out of a
               material portion of its business, or be a Receivable that Silicon
               knows or has reason to know presents a material risk of
               non-collection, (vi) with respect to Lionbridge Technologies
               Holdings B.V. and Lionbridge Technologies B.V., the Receivable
               must be invoiced from The Netherlands, and with respect to
               Lionbridge Technologies Ireland, the Receivable must be invoiced
               from Ireland and (vii) the Receivable must not be owing from an
               Account Debtor to whom Borrower is or may be liable for goods
               purchased from such Account Debtor or otherwise. Notwithstanding
               satisfaction of all Eligibility Requirements, Receivables owing
               from any individual Account Debtor shall be ineligible for
               borrowing (as Eligible Receivables) to the extent they exceed 25%
               of the total of all Receivables then outstanding; provided,
               however, Receivables owing from Microsoft Corporation and
               Hewlett-Packard, to the extent otherwise satisfying all
               Eligibility Requirements, shall be eligible for borrowing (as
               Eligible Receivables) to the extent they do not exceed 35% of the
               total of all Receivables then outstanding. In addition, if more
               than 50% of Receivables owing from any individual Account Debtor
               are

                                        4

<PAGE>

               outstanding more than 90 days after the applicable invoice
               date(s) (without regard to unapplied credits), or otherwise do
               not satisfy all Eligibility Requirements, then all Receivables
               owing from such Account Debtor shall be ineligible for borrowing
               (as Eligible Receivables). Silicon may, from time to time, in its
               commercially reasonable judgment, revise any eligibility
               requirement, upon written notice to Borrower."; and

         (iii) The definition of "Domestic Loan Documents" is amended by
               inserting the following phrase immediately before the period at
               the conclusion thereof: ", in each case, as the same may be
               amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
               to time";

     h.   Section 9.1. Section 9.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
          deleting the word "three" in the first sentence therein, and inserting
          in its place the word "two".

     i.   Schedule to Loan Agreement. The Schedule to the Loan Agreement is
          hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as set forth on
          Exhibit 3 attached hereto.

     j.   The Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are hereby amended
          wherever necessary or appropriate to reflect the foregoing changes.

4.   Representations and Warranties. Each Borrower represents and warrants to
     Silicon that as of the Effective Date, after giving effect to the waiver
     contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee Modification Agreement No. 2
     attached hereto as Exhibit 2, (i) except as set forth in Schedule A
     attached hereto, the representation and warranties of the Borrowers set
     forth in the Loan Documents (as amended by this Agreement) are true and
     correct, (ii) no Borrower has any defenses against its obligations to pay
     any amounts due under the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
     (iii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

5.   Continuing Validity. Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference in each
     Loan Document to "the Loan Agreement", "thereunder", "thereof", "therein",
     or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement, shall mean and be
     a reference to the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby. Except as
     specifically set forth above, the Loan Agreement shall remain in full force
     and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. Each of the other Loan
     Documents are in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
     confirmed. The amendments set forth above (i) do not constitute a waiver or
     modification of any term, condition or covenant of the Loan Agreement or
     any other Loan Document, other than as expressly set forth herein, and (ii)
     shall not prejudice any rights which Silicon may now or hereafter have
     under or in connection with the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, or the
     other Loan Documents and shall not obligate Silicon to assent to any
     further modifications.

6.   Miscellaneous.

                                        5

<PAGE>

     a.   This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts each of which
          taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

     b.   THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
          THE LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, WITHOUT REGARD TO
          PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.

     c.   EACH BORROWER ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS
          PROPERTIES, UNCONDITIONALLY, THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE
          OR FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF
          MASSACHUSETTS IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND AGAINST
          IT WHICH ARISES OUT OF OR BY REASON OF THIS AGREEMENT; PROVIDED,
          HOWEVER, THAT IF FOR ANY REASON SILICON CANNOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE
          COURTS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, THEN VENUE SHALL LIE IN
          SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.

     d.   The Borrowers agree, on a joint and several basis, to promptly pay on
          demand all reasonable costs and expenses of Silicon in connection with
          the preparation, reproduction, execution and delivery of this
          Agreement and the other instruments and documents to be delivered
          hereunder.

                                        6

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Silicon and the Borrowers have caused this Loan
Document Modification Agreement (No. 2) to be signed under seal by their
respective duly authorized officers as of the date first set forth above.

                         SILICON VALLEY EAST, A DIVISION
                             OF SILICON VALLEY BANK


                         By: /s/ John D. Gaziano, Jr.
                             ----------------------------------------
                             Name: John D. Gaziano, Jr.
                             Title: Senior Relationship Manager



                         SILICON VALLEY BANK

                         By: /s/ Heidi Fetty
                             ----------------------------------------
                             Name: Heidi Fetty
                             Title: Loan Documentation Specialist
                             (signed in Santa Clara, CA)



                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS B.V.

                         By: /s/ Rory Cowan
                             ----------------------------------------
                             Name: Rory Cowan
                             Title:  Managing Director



                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES B.V.

                         By: /s/ Rory Cowan
                             ----------------------------------------
                             Name: Rory Cowan
                             Title:  Managing Director



                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES IRELAND

                         (Present when the Common Seal of Lionbridge
                         Technologies Ireland was affixed hereto)

                         By: /s/ Rory Cowan
                             ----------------------------------------
                             Name: Rory Cowan
                             Title:  Managing Director

                                        7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
