<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX10-9 NAESSENS CONSULT. AGR
<TEXT>
                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT



         This  consulting  agreement  ("Agreement")  is  made  this  6th  day of
January,  2003, between Roxborough  Manayunk Bank,  (hereinafter  referred to as
"Bank") and Jerry Naessens (hereinafter referred to as "Consultant").

         Consultant has served  faithfully as an employee,  officer and director
of the Bank for many years.

         As an officer and  director  of the Bank,  Consultant  has  contributed
materially  to the  development  of policies and practices of the Bank that have
supported the Bank's success.

         The board of  directors  of the Bank are  unanimous  in  agreeing  that
Consultant's services will be of great value to the Bank in its future success.

         Consultant  has retired  from active  executive  responsibility  in the
Bank,  but is  willing  to  devote  part of his time to acting  as  advisor  and
consultant for the Bank.


                                    Page 1 of 8

<PAGE>



         The Bank  desires to  exclusively  retain  Consultant's  services  as a
part-time  advisor  and  consultant  subject to  Consultant's  agreement  not to
compete with the Bank.

IT IS THEREFORE AGREED;

1.  Terms  and  Duties.  The Bank  hereby  retains  Consultant  to  perform  and
Consultant shall perform, during the period hereinafter called the "Consultative
Period,"  beginning the date of this agreement and continuing until  12/31/2003,
such advisory and  consultative  services on a part-time basis as may, from time
to time,  be  requested  by the board of  directors  of the Bank,  it's  parent,
Thistle Group Holdings Co. ("Company"),  or any subsidiaries  thereof,  subject,
however, to the following conditions:

(a) Such  services  shall be performed in such place or places within the United
States as Consultant  may from time to time  designate but shall  essentially be
performed in the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania;

(b) Consultant  shall not be required to devote a major part of his time to such
services;

(c)  Consultant  shall not be  required  to render  services  during  reasonable
vacation periods or during periods of illness or other incapacity;

(d) Consultant's activities shall not be supervised by the

                                    Page 2 of 8

<PAGE>


Bank or any officer  thereof;  but  Consultant  will advise the Company's  Chief
Executive  Officer of specific  changes  undertaken by Consultant

(e) Consultant shall be deemed to be an independent contractor and shall have no
authority to bind Bank to any contract.

(f) Said advisory and consulting services shall include, but not be limited to,


     (i)  meeting with  members of board of  directors  of RoxDel Corp.  and TGH
          Corp on a quarterly basis.

     (ii) meeting with the Company's  Chief  Financial  Officer,  quarterly,  to
          review drafts of forms 10-Q and 10-K and any related tax matters.

The Consultative  Period shall continue for successive one - year terms,  unless
or until Bank gives  Consultant 30 days notice to terminate the agreement  prior
to the  end  of  the  original  term  or  prior  to  the  end of any  subsequent
extensions.  In the event Consultant dies during the Consultative  Period,  then
this agreement shall be automatically terminated on Consultant date of death and
Bank shall pay to  Consultant's  estate any  unpaid  compensation  on a pro rata
basis.


                                    Page 3 of 8

<PAGE>



2.  Compensation.  The Bank shall pay to Consultant and Consultant  shall accept
from the Bank,  for  Consultant's  services  under  this  Agreement  during  the
Consultative  Period and for  Consultant's  agreement not to compete  during the
non-compete  period  (as  hereinafter  defined)  compensation  as  follows:  Two
thousand eighty three and thirty three U.S. Dollars ($2,083.33) per month.

3. Office Space and Automobile  expense.  Consultant  shall be furnished  office
space and  facilities  suitable to  Consultant's  position  and  adequate to the
performance of Consultant's  duties,  but Consultant may perform services in any
other  place.  Additionally,  during the  Consultative  Period.  Consultant  was
provided with the use of a automobile owned by the Bank, while acting as officer
of the Bank.  Consultant  will have the right to purchase  said  vehicle for its
depreciated book value at any time during the Consultative Period.

4. Restrictive Covenant.  From the date hereof until the end of the Consultative
Period, Consultant shall not, either directly or indirectly,  become a director,
officer, or employee,  of a banking,  financial services,  or similar or related
business   within  a  radius  of  50  miles  from  the  City  of   Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.


                                    Page 4 of 8

<PAGE>

5. Benefit. If the Bank shall at any time be merged or consolidated into or with
any other Bank or if substantially all the assets of the Bank are transferred to
another Bank,  or if Bank's  majority  control is  transferred,  the  Consultive
Period shall terminate.

6.  Non-Assignability.  In view of the  personal  nature of the  services  to be
performed by  Consultant  under this  Agreement,  Consultant  shall not have the
right to assign or transfer any of the rights or benefits of this  agreement nor
shall they be subject to voluntary or involuntary alienation.

7. Death or Disability. In the event of the death of Consultant the Consultative
Period, shall be terminated on the Consultant's death.

8. Ordinary Income. Consultant agrees that the payments described in paragraph 2
hereof are ordinary income and shall be reported as such to taxing authorities.

9.  Remedies.   Consultant  acknowledges  that  the  restrictions  contained  in
Paragraph 4, in view of the nature of the business in which the Bank is engaged,
are reasonable  and necessary to protect the  legitimate  interests of the Bank.
Consultant

                                    Page 5 of 8

<PAGE>


acknowledges  that the  restrictions  contained  in Paragraph 4 will not prevent
Consultant  from earning a living.  Consultant  understands  and agrees that the
remedies at law for violation of any of the covenants or provisions of Paragraph
4 will be inadequate,  that such violations will cause irreparable injury within
a short  period of time,  and that the Bank  shall be  entitled  to  preliminary
injunctive relief and other injunctive  relief against any such violation.  Such
injunctive  relief shall be in addition to, and in no way in limitation  of, any
and all other remedies the Bank shall have in law and equity for the enforcement
of those  covenants  and  provisions.  If  Consultant  breaches or violates  the
provisions of Paragraph 4 herein,  the obligation of Bank for the payments under
Paragraph 2 herein  shall be suspended  during such breach or violation  and the
non-compete  period shall be deemed to extend for an additional  period equal to
the period of such breach or violation.

10. Modification.  This Agreement contains the full agreement of the parties and
shall not be modified,  altered,  changed,  or terminated  except  pursuant to a
writing signed by all of the parties.

11.  Construction.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by  and  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of



                                   Page 6 of 8

<PAGE>

Pennsylvania.

12. Invalidity.  If any of the provisions of this Agreement are determined to be
invalid,  such  invalidity  shall not affect or impair the validity of the other
provisions  that shall be deemed  severable  to this extent and shall  remain in
full force and effect.  The  provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and
shall be deemed severable.

13. Waiver.  Waiver by any party of any breach of or exercise of any right under
this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of a breach of similar  rights.  The
failure  of any party to take any  action  by  reason  of any such  breach or to
exercise any such right, shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach nor deprive
such  party of the  right to take  action  at any time  while  such  breach,  or
condition giving rise to such right, continues.

14. Miscellaneous.

          (a)  No rights are  intended to be created in favor of any third party
               creditor, donee, or incidental beneficiary.

          (b)  Notices  hereunder  shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
               if  delivered  in person or if sent by  certified  or  registered
               mail, return receipt requested, as follows:


                                   Page 7 of 8

<PAGE>

If to Bank:         Roxborough Manayunk Bank
                    Board of Directors
                    6064 Ridge Avenue
                    Philadelphia, PA 19128

If to Consultant:   Jerry Naessens
                    1133 Hall Avenue
                    Roslyn, PA 19031

Dated the day and year first above written.


                                          Roxborough Manayunk Bank




/s/Jerry Naessens                         /s/John F. McGill, Jr.
-----------------                         -------------------------
Jerry Naessens                            John F. McGill, Jr.
                                          Chairman





                                    Page 8 of 8



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
