<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>offerletterbohana.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.31
<TEXT>
March 31, 2003

Patrick C. Bohana
25122 Moberly CT.

Laguna Niguel, CA  92677

Dear Patrick,

Path 1 Network  Technologies,  Inc.  is an  award-winning  leader  in  broadcast
quality video  transport over IP technology.  As a small,  growing  company,  we
highly value the professional  competence and personal commitment of each member
of our team.

We believe that your  capabilities and professional  aspirations  match Path 1's
needs and high expectations.  I am therefore pleased to make the following offer
of employment.

          Position: Vice President and General Manager - with  responsibility in
                    sales, marketing and customer support

          Reporting to: Frederick A. Cary, President, CEO and Chairman

          Classification: Exempt

          Annual    Salary: US$175,000

          2003      Bonus:  $20,000 at for first $8  million in revenue  derived
                    from product sales. 2% of revenue over $ 8 million up to $25
                    million in product  revenue to be shared  with the sales and
                    sales  support  teams  as  approved  by  you  and  Executive
                    Committee.   Revenue  for  bonus   determined   pursuant  to
                    Company's accounting policies and procedures. Bonus affected
                    by collections and product returns.

          Stock     Options: Stock options on 90,000 shares of Common Stock with
                    an  exercise  price at fair  market  value  on  grant  date,
                    vesting in sixteen equal  quarterly  installments  over four
                    (4)  years in  accordance  with  the  company's  2000  Stock
                    Option/Stock Issuance Plan and with maximum ISO.

          Severance Agreement:  Three (3) months severance in the form of salary
                    & benefit continuation in case of termination for any reason
                    other than for cause. Subject to this severance arrangement,
                    you shall be an "at-will"  employee and your  employment can
                    be terminated at any time by Path treatment  allowed by law,
                    subject to Board approval.

          RelocationAllowance:  To San  Diego.  If in the  first  18  months  of
                    employment,   the  company  will  pay  the  employee  up  to
                    US$10,000  based on actual  reasonable and direct costs with
                    receipts.  Monthly  budget of up to $900 for a period of six
                    months for temporary living  accommodations in San Diego and
                    related expenses.


          Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement as Enclosed

          Health    Benefits:  Same as other employees

          Paid      Time Off (PTO): Same as other employees

          Holidays: Same as other employees

          Start     Date: 2/24/03 Offer Expiration Date: 2/24/03

Any  representations,  whether  written or oral, not contained in this letter or
contrary to those  contained in this letter,  that may have been made to you are
expressly cancelled and superceded by this offer, and you agree that you are not
relying on any such promises.

We look  forward to your  acceptance  of this offer and to a mutually  rewarding
professional relationship.

Sincerely,

Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

Fredrick A. Cary
Chief Executive Officer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I understand that employment with Path 1 Network  Technologies Inc. is not for a
specified  term,  and is at the mutual  consent of the employee and the company.
Accordingly,  either the employee or the company can  terminate  the  employment
relationship  at will,  with or without cause,  at any time. My signature  below
memorializes my prior verbal acceptance of this employment offer stated.

                           Approved and Accepted by:

    -----------------------------------------         ------------
               Name                                        Date




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
