<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>consultingclasen.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.26
<TEXT>


                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This CONSULTING  AGREEMENT (the  "Agreement")  made as of this 20th day of July,
2002  ("Effective  Date") by and between  Path 1 Network  Technologies  Inc.,  a
Delaware corporation ("Company"), and Robert Clasen ("Consultant").

          WHEREAS,  Company desires  consulting and similar services relating to
Company's business; and

         WHEREAS,  Consultant  desires to  contract  with the Company to perform
such services.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants  hereinafter
recited, the sufficiency of which is hereby  acknowledged,  the parties agree as
follows;

         1.  Consultancy.  The  Consultant  shall serve as a  consultant  to the
Company  on a  month-to-month  basis for a period  of up to ONE (1) year  unless
earlier  terminated in accordance with Section 7 of this  Agreement.  Consultant
agrees that he will  perform  under this  agreement  for a period of at least 90
days.

         2. Scope of Work. The  Consultant  shall perform the services set forth
in Exhibit A attached hereto (the "Services"). Any additions to or modifications
of the  Services  shall be set  forth in  writing  and  shall be  signed by both
parties. The performance of services and compensation therefore necessary to the
completion  of  such  additions  or  modifications  shall  be  governed  by this
Agreement unless otherwise described in the written agreement of the parties.

         3. Consulting Fees.  Consultant shall be paid for services on a monthly
basis,  for services of not less than 2 days or to exceed 5 days of work for any
monthly period.  Consultant shall receive $1,000 in cash compensation and Path 1
stock options  representing  $1,000 value based upon the closing price of Path 1
stock on the date of payment,  for each day of service.  (if Path 1 stock closed
at $2 per  share on the  record  due date of  payment  to  Consultant,  he would
receive 500 options for each day worked).

         4. Additional Payments.  The Company shall reimburse the Consultant for
out-of-pocket  expenses reasonably incurred by the Consultant in the performance
of  the  Services   upon  the   Consultant's   submission  of  any  request  for
reimbursement  in a format  consistent with the Company's  policies from time to
time in effect.

         5.  Confidentiality.  The  Consultant  acknowledges  that  Confidential
Information (as defined in Section 6 of this Agreement) is of great value to the
Company.  Accordingly,  the Consultant  agrees not to divulge to anyone,  either
during  or  after  the  term of this  Agreement,  any  Confidential  Information
obtained or developed by the Consultant during the term of this Agreement.  Upon
the expiration or earlier  termination of this Agreement,  the Consultant agrees
to deliver to the Company all documents, papers, drawings, tabulations,  reports
and similar  documentation  which are furnished by the Company to the Consultant
or were  prepared by the  Consultant  in  performance  of the  Services  for the
Company.  Upon the expiration or termination of this  Agreement,  the Consultant
agrees to make no further use or utilization of any Confidential Information.

         6.  Confidential  Information.  "Confidential  Information," as used in
this  Agreement,   shall  mean  information   regarding  the  business  affairs,
operations,  business  opportunities,  price  and  cost  information,  finances,
customer names,  prospects and customer lists, business plans, sales techniques,
manuals, letters, notebooks, procedures, reports, products, processes, services,
inventions,  research and development,  and other  confidential  information and
knowledge concerning the Company. The term "Confidential  Information" shall not
include  information  that (a) is or becomes  generally  available to the public
through no violation of this  Agreement,  (b) was  available to  Consultant on a
non-confidential basis prior to disclosure to Consultant by the Company or 3dfx,
or (c) becomes  available to the Consultant on a  non-confidential  basis from a
source other than the Company.

         7.  Termination.  The  Company and  Consultant  shall have the right to
terminate  this  Agreement  at any time after the  initial 90 day period upon 15
days prior written notice to the  Consultant.  In addition,  in the event either
party fails to cure a breach of this  Agreement  within  fifteen (15) days after
receiving  written notice thereof,  then the  non-breaching  party may terminate
this Agreement upon written notice to the breaching  party.  In the event of any
termination of this Agreement, the Company shall make payments to the Consultant
for all work  performed  in  accordance  with the terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement up to the date of termination,  and the Consultant  shall  immediately
return  to  the  Company,  without  limitation,  all  correspondence,   reports,
documents,  drawings  and any other  items of  whatever  nature  supplied to the
Consultant by the Company or owned by the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

         8.  Independent  Contractor/Taxes.  The  Consultant  is not an agent or
employee of the Company and is not  authorized  to act on behalf of the Company.
Except as required by a final  determination  by the Internal Revenue Service or
state taxing  authority and upon due notice to the other party,  the  Consultant
and the Company each agrees that it will treat the  Consultant as an independent
contractor for tax purposes and file all tax and information returns and pay all
applicable taxes on that basis.

         9.  Assignment.  The Consultant  shall not assign this Agreement or any
interest  herein,  nor  delegate  any  obligation  hereunder,  without the prior
written  consent of the  Company.  The  Company  shall not assign its rights and
obligations  under this Agreement to any third party without the written consent
of the  Consultant,  except  that the Company  may assign  this  Agreement  to a
subsidiary, parent, successor or affiliate of the Company without the consent of
the Consultant.

         10. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made
between California residents and wholly to be performed in California.

         11. Headings.  The headings in this Agreement are intended  principally
for  convenience  and  shall  not,  by  themselves,  determine  the  rights  and
obligations of the parties to this Agreement.

         12. Notices. All notices,  requests,  demands, and other communications
required by, or made in  connection  with,  this  Agreement or the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement,  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given on the date of delivery,  if delivered in person,  or three days
after mailing if mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested.

         13.  Severability.  If any  provision  of this  Agreement is held to be
unenforceable  for any reason,  it shall be  adjusted  rather  than  voided,  if
possible,  in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible.
In any event,  all other  provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and
enforceable to the full extent possible.

         14.  Waiver.  The  waiver of any term or  condition  contained  in this
Agreement by any party to this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of a
subsequent  breach or failure of the same term or  condition  or a waiver of any
other term or condition contained in this Agreement.

         15.  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement,  together  with  the Note and
Confidential  Information and Inventions  Agreement to be executed  concurrently
herewith,  contain  all of the terms and  conditions  agreed upon by the parties
relating  to  its  subject   matter  and   supersedes  any  and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous  agreements,  negotiations,  correspondence,  understandings and
communications of the parties,  whether oral or written,  respecting the subject
matter herein.

         16. Counterpart Execution.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile
and in counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first written above.

Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.                   Consultant: Robert Clasen


By:
/s/ Frederick A. Cary                               /s/ Robert Clasen
-------------------------                         -------------------------
Name: Frederick A. Cary                             Robert B. Clasen
Title: President and CEO                            Clasen Associates
                                                    Tax ID: 33-0555584

                                    EXHIBIT A

Objectives

         To  expand  the  level of  awareness  about  Path1  within  the  target
cable-related  organizations  for  the  objective  both  of  working  towards  a
commercial relationship and a potential Q3, 02 strategic investment

         To solicit  information and opinions about cable  distribution  network
challenges that might effect the Path1 products being developed.

Discussion

         Path1 is developing IP transport product for Hybrid Fiber Coaxial (HFC)
cable networks.  The cable industry's  distribution  suppliers have historically
been a duopoly with Motorola and Scientific Atlanta.  The use of optical fibers,
the development of Video on Demand (VOD),  Interactive  Television (iTV),  cable
telephony service, and high speed IP delivery modems, in addition to the growing
list  of  typical   entertainment  and  information   channels  has  created  an
opportunity for other product  developers to enter the field as the technologies
required  expand  at  a  rapid  rate.  However,   successful  new  technologies,
especially  in  the   distribution   area  tend  to  work  within  the  existing
distribution  structure.  The Path1  product is an early stage IP solution  that
needs champions within the MSOs, trade associations,  and traditional  transport
manufacturers.

Methodology

         This activity will involve the following components;

          Review of the company's  plans,  especially for Marketing,  Sales, and
Business  Development to ensure that they are  appropriate to the cable industry
and reasonable to investors looking at this round.

          Source potential  resources to implement position  searches,  industry
relationships, and marketing expertise.

          Develop a list of contacts and begin to establish key relationships in
the industry Modify the Company's presentation for other audiences such as cable
operators (MSOs), US venture firms, industry panels and conferences, etc.

          Target specific  individuals in equipment and technology companies for
meetings, including VOD suppliers

          Establish   initial   meetings   with  cable   operators  to  validate
assumptions and introduce  concepts  consistent with the advantages of the Path1
products.

          Secure  awareness for Path1 through targeted public relations with the
trade press, trade associations, as well as operators and other manufacturers.

Scope

         This initial  activity will involve at 3-4 month window with Consultant
providing 2-5 days per month of support. The outcomes should be the following:

         Comfort with the Business Plan and presentations

          Expansion  of the  network of  contacts  that the  company  has in the
industry

          Specific  meetings  with  targeted   companies  and  MSOs  as  agreed,
including the Western Show

         Familiarization with the industry's  communications  vehicles,  events,
and conferences.

         Business relationships leading to product sales.

         Exploration  of other  concepts  from the June  retreat  including  DSL
relationships and Competitive analysis.

Compensation

         Company  and  Consultant  agree to an  arrangement  as is fully  stated
above,  with a minimum of 2 days per month and a maximum of 5 days per month. If
strategic investments or relationships are achieved in this process,  Consultant
will  receive an  appropriate  finders fee to be  negotiated  on a  case-by-case
basis.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
