<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sublease.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

                               CONSENT TO SUBLEASE

         THIS  CONSENT TO SUBLEASE  ("Agreement")  is entered into as of the 6th
day of June,  2002, among (a) POINTE CAMINO WINDELL,  LLC, a California  limited
liability  company,   successor  in  interest  to  WHPX-S  REAL  ESTATE  LIMITED
PARTNERSHIP,  a Delaware limited partnership,  having an address at 3070 Bristol
Street, Suite 615, Costa Mesa,  California 92626 (hereinafter  "Landlord");  (b)
QUALCOMM INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation,  having an office address at 5775
Morehouse Drive,  San Diego,  California  92121  ("Tenant"),  the tenant under a
lease dated as of January 15, 1997 (the  "Lease"),  in the  building  located at
6215 Ferris  Square,  San Diego,  California  (the  "Building");  and (c) PATH 1
NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES,  INC., a Delaware  corporation,  having an address at 6215
Ferris Square, San Diego, California ("Subtenant").

         Landlord  hereby  consents to the  subletting by Tenant to Subtenant of
the premises (the "Subleased  Premises")  identified in the Sublease dated as of
May 6, 2002 (the  "Sublease"),  a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A,
such consent being subject to and upon the following  terms and  conditions,  to
each of which Tenant and Subtenant hereby expressly agree:

1. Effect on Lease; Tenant and Subtenant Jointly and Severally Liable. Except as
provided  in  Paragraph  6 below,  this  Agreement  shall  have no effect on the
provisions  of the Lease and shall not  constitute a waiver of any breach of the
performance  of  Tenant's  obligations  thereunder.  Throughout  the term of the
Sublease,  Tenant and Subtenant  shall be jointly and  severally  liable for the
performance of all tenant  obligations  thereunder which relate to the Subleased
Premises.  Any breach or  violation  of any  provision of the Lease by Subtenant
which is not cured by Tenant within the applicable cure period shall  constitute
a default by Tenant in fulfilling such provision.

2. Subordination.  The Sublease shall be subject and subordinate to the Lease at
all times.  Subtenant  has  reviewed  the Lease and is fully aware of all of the
provisions thereof,  and Subtenant shall not take, perform, or permit any action
which would violate any of the terms and  conditions  of the Lease.  Except with
respect to Paragraph 6 below, in case of any conflict  between the provisions of
the Lease and the  provisions of the Sublease as to the rights of Landlord,  the
provisions of the Lease shall prevail.

3. Limits of Consent. This Agreement shall not constitute Landlord's:

(a) except for the Letter Consent (as defined below), consent to the performance
of any other work or  alterations in and to the Subleased  Premises,  including,
without  limitation,  (i) the  installation of any separate utility meters in or
about the Building  pursuant to Section 5 of the Sublease,  (ii) any alterations
to the Subleased Premises,  (iii) any modification of the security system in the
Subleased  Premises or  Building  pursuant  to Section 6 of the  Sublease,  (iv)
installation   of  any   improvements  in  the  Building  lobby  to  accommodate
Subtenant's  receptionist  as  contemplated  in Section 8 of the  Sublease,  (v)
installation  of any  signage  pursuant to Section 9 of the  Sublease  except as
otherwise  permitted  under this Agreement,  (vi)  installation of any satellite
dishes  pursuant to Section 11 of the  Sublease  except as  otherwise  permitted
under this Agreement,  and (vii)  installation of any cubicles or desks pursuant
to Section 27 of the Sublease  except for those  cubicles and desks  depicted in
the drawings and  specifications  attached to the Letter  Consent.  Landlord has
consented  to the  alterations  and  improvements  depicted in the  drawings and
specifications  attached  to  Landlord's  letter to Tenant  dated May 28,  2002,
subject  to the terms of such  letter  (the  "Letter  Consent").  Except for any
alterations and improvements approved in the Letter Consent, and any alterations
or  improvements  which,  pursuant  to the terms of the  Lease,  do not  require
Landlord's  consent,  any further  alterations or improvements shall require the
consent of Landlord pursuant to the terms of the Lease;

(b) agreement to recognize or respond to plans and  specifications  submitted by
or on behalf of any party other than Tenant;

(c) except as provided in Paragraph 6 below, consent to the use of the Subleased
Premises in any manner or for any purpose  other than as expressly  permitted by
the Lease;

(d) consent to any other or further  subletting  by Tenant or  Subtenant  or any
assignment of the Lease or the Sublease;

(e) consent to the use of any portion of the Building  lobby as a reception area
for Subtenant's business;

(f)  recognition of any  obligations on Landlord's  part to the Subtenant or any
rights of the  Subtenant  against  Landlord  under the  Lease or  Sublease,  but
nothing  herein shall be construed to release  Landlord from its  obligations to
Tenant under the Lease;

(g)  agreement  to accept any payment  from,  or  performance  by,  Subtenant in
discharge of any obligation of Tenant;

(h)  recognition  that  Subtenant  has any  right to  institute  any  action  or
proceeding against Landlord in Subtenant's own name or in the name of Tenant; or

(i) consent to the  subletting to Subtenant or any other party of any additional
space in the Building including,  without limitation,  pursuant to Section 29 of
the Sublease.

4.  Termination of Lease.  If at any time prior to the expiration of the term of
the Sublease the Lease shall terminate or be terminated for any reason,  then at
the sole option of  Landlord,  expressed by written  notice to  Subtenant  given
within ten (10) days of such termination, either:

(a) the Sublease shall terminate  simultaneously  upon  termination of the Lease
and Subtenant shall vacate the Subleased Premises on or before such date, or

(b)  Subtenant  shall  attorn to and  recognize  Landlord as landlord  under the
Sublease,  upon all of the terms and  conditions of the Sublease,  and Subtenant
shall,  promptly upon  Landlord's  request,  execute and deliver all instruments
necessary or appropriate to confirm such attornment and  recognition.  Subtenant
hereby waives all rights under any present or future law to elect,  by reason of
the  termination  of the Lease,  or by reason of any default by Tenant under the
Sublease  occurring  after  Landlord's  notice  pursuant  to this  Section 4, to
terminate the Sublease or surrender possession of the Subleased Premises.

         Whichever option Landlord exercises, Landlord shall not be:

(i)      liable for any act or omission of Tenant;

(ii)     subject to any offsets or defenses  which  Subtenant  had or might have
         had against Tenant; or

(iii)    bound by any  amendment or  modification  of the Sublease not expressly
         consented to in writing by Landlord,  or by any base rent or additional
         rent or other payment which Subtenant might have made to Tenant, except
         for any payments of base rent or additional  rent made no more than one
         month in advance in accordance with the terms of the Sublease.

         If Landlord  fails to give notice to Subtenant  pursuant to the initial
paragraph of this Section,  Landlord shall be deemed to have chosen to terminate
the Sublease, as set forth in Section 4(a).

5.  Conditions  Precedent to Consent(a) . Landlord's  consent to the Sublease is
expressly  conditioned  upon  Tenant's  payment to Landlord of One  Thousand and
00/100  Dollars  ($1,000)  pursuant  to  Section  6.1 of the Lease to  reimburse
Landlord for a portion of Landlord's  cost and fees incurred in connection  with
the review of the Sublease and the preparation of this Agreement.

6.  Consent to  Subtenant's  Exclusive  Use of Common Area  Corridor.  Landlord,
Tenant and Subtenant  agree that the common area  corridor  depicted as the area
marked  with  diagonal  lines on  attached  Exhibit  B is not  part of  Tenant's
Premises under the Lease ("Corridor").  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Landlord
hereby consents to Tenant's and Subtenant's exclusive use of the Corridor.

7. Lobby Area Reception Desk.  Tenant and Subtenant  agree that  notwithstanding
any provision of the Lease or the Sublease,  neither Tenant nor Subtenant  shall
have any right to use the  existing  receptionist  desk  located in the Building
lobby,  install a new reception desk in the Building  lobby, or to otherwise use
the Building lobby as a reception  area,  except in common with other tenants of
the Building.  The existing  reception desk in the Building lobby may be removed
by  Landlord,  or Tenant  shall  remove  that  receptionist  desk at  Landlord's
request.

8. Additional Provisions  Applicable to Sublease(a) Antennas.  Subtenant desires
to install four antennas  (each  approximately  48" in diameter),  together with
related  equipment,  on the roof of the Building for Subtenant's use.  Subtenant
shall  not  install  any  such  antennas  or  equipment,  or other  antennas  or
equipment,  on the  roof of the  Building,  without  first  submitting  plans to
Landlord  regarding same and obtaining  Landlord's prior written consent,  which
consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably   withheld.   Any  work  relating  to  the
installation  of such  antennas  and related  equipment  shall be  performed  by
Subtenant in accordance  with the terms and  provisions  of the Lease,  and such
antennas and related  equipment  shall be used in accordance  with the terms and
provisions  of  the  Lease.   Subtenant   agrees  that  Landlord  is  making  no
representation  or warranty that there will be no interference  with Subtenant's
use of its antennas by other existing or future  transmission  equipment located
in, on or about the Building.

(b) Signage. Subtenant desires to install signage o the Building similar in size
and in the same locations as Tenant's existing signage on the Building, together
with related  equipment.  Subtenant  shall not install any such signage  without
first submitting plans to Landlord regarding same and obtaining Landlord's prior
written  consent,  which consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld.  Any work
relating to the  installation  of such  signage and related  equipment  shall be
performed by Subtenant in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Lease,
and such  signage and related  equipment  shall be used in  accordance  with the
terms and provisions of the Lease.

(c) Alterations. Alterations to the Subleased Premises now or hereafter approved
by Landlord  shall be performed by  Subtenant in  accordance  with the terms and
provisions of the Lease.

9. Default  under Lease.  In the event that Tenant shall be in default under the
Lease beyond any  applicable  grace period and Landlord gives notice of any such
default to Subtenant,  then, from the date upon which Landlord gives such notice
to  Subtenant  until such time as Landlord  rescinds  said notice or takes other
action  pursuant to Section 4 hereof,  Subtenant shall make all payments of base
rent,  additional rent, and all other charges due under the Sublease directly to
Landlord  by  unendorsed  check made  payable  solely to Landlord at the address
designated by Landlord in said notice. All such payments shall be credited, upon
collection  by Landlord  only  against any sums due Landlord by Tenant under the
Lease.  Tenant hereby  authorizes  payment by Subtenant to Landlord  pursuant to
this Section 9.  Landlord may exercise its rights under this Section 9 on one or
more  occasions,  and from time to time, as often as Landlord  desires,  and the
rights  granted to it  hereunder  shall apply in each event of default by Tenant
under the Lease. The acceptance of any such payments from Subtenant shall not be
deemed an  acceptance of Subtenant as tenant under the Lease or an attornment to
Landlord  under  the  Sublease  nor  shall  it  release  Tenant  from any of its
obligations under the Lease.

10.  Janitorial.  Tenant and  Subtenant  agree that Landlord may, at its option,
upon  thirty  (30)  days  prior  written  notice  to  Tenant,  elect to  provide
janitorial  service to the Subleased  Premises  during the term of the Sublease.
Upon  Landlord's  election  to  provide  janitorial  service  to  the  Subleased
Premises,  Tenant  and  Subtenant  shall be  jointly  and  severally  liable for
reimbursing  Landlord  for an  equitable  share,  as  reasonably  determined  by
Landlord,   of  Landlord's  actual  reasonable   expenses  incurred  to  provide
janitorial service to the Subleased  Premises (the "Janitorial  Reimbursement").
The Janitorial Reimbursement shall be payable monthly concurrently with Tenant's
rental payment under the Lease,  shall be based on Landlord's  annual  statement
delivered  to  Tenant  in  advance  and  shall  be the  subject  of a  separate,
additional line item in each Reconciliation  Statement delivered to Tenant under
Section 2.2(e) of the Lease.

11.  Complete  Copy of Sublease;  No Further  Amendments.  Tenant and  Subtenant
hereby,  jointly and severally,  represent and warrant to Landlord that true and
complete  duplicates  of the  Sublease  and of all  accompanying  documents  are
attached  hereto as Exhibit A, and that  there are no other  agreements  between
Tenant and  Subtenant,  oral or written,  of any kind or nature  relating to the
Lease, the Sublease, or the use and occupancy of the Subleased Premises.  Tenant
and Subtenant shall not amend the Sublease  without the prior written consent of
Landlord,  which  consent may be withheld in Landlord's  reasonable  discretion;
provided that no such consent shall affect or modify the Lease in any way.

12.  Copies of Notices.  Tenant and  Subtenant  each agrees to promptly  send to
Landlord copies of notices sent or received from the other under the Sublease.

13.  Landlord Not Bound.  Landlord  shall not be bound or estopped in any way by
any  provision  of  the  Sublease.   This  Agreement   shall  not  constitute  a
construction of the provisions of, or an  acknowledgment of the accuracy of, any
statement or recitals set forth in the Sublease.

14. No Defaults. Landlord and Tenant agree that as of the date hereof, the Lease
is in full force and  effect,  and  neither  Landlord  nor Tenant is aware of or
claims  any  default  on the part of the other  party  under the  Lease,  or any
condition which through passage of time may become a default,  or any defense to
its obligation to comply with all provisions of the Lease.

15.  Enforcement.  This Agreement  shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the state in which the  Building is  located,  unless the Lease
provides that it shall be governed by the laws of a different  jurisdiction,  in
which case this Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of that jurisdiction.

16.  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  contains  the entire  agreement of the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not
be changed,  modified,  terminated,  or  discharged  except by written  document
signed by Landlord, Tenant and Subtenant.

17. Landlord's Remedies  Cumulative.  Each right and remedy of Landlord provided
for in this  Agreement  or in the  Lease  shall be  cumulative  and  shall be in
addition  to every  other  right  and  remedy  provided  for  therein  or now or
hereafter  existing  at law or in equity or by  statute  or  otherwise,  and the
exercise  or  beginning  of the  exercise  by Landlord of any one or more of the
rights  or  remedies  so  provided  for  or  existing  shall  not  preclude  the
simultaneous  or later  exercise  by  Landlord  of any or all  other  rights  or
remedies so provided for or so existing.

18. Partial Invalidity.  If any one or more of the provisions  contained in this
Agreement  shall be invalid,  illegal,  or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  the
validity,  legality,  and enforceability of the remaining  provisions  contained
herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

19.  Notices.  All notices  required or permitted by this Agreement  shall be in
writing and shall be sent by telecopy  (in which case notice  shall be effective
on the  date  sent),  overnight  delivery  service  (such  as  Federal  Express)
(effective on the day after the date sent),  or certified mail (effective on the
third day after the date  sent),  sent to the  address  set forth in the opening
paragraph of this  Agreement,  or to such other  address as shall,  from time to
time,  have been  designated by written  notice by any party hereto given to the
other parties as set forth in this section.

20.  Landlord's  Successors.  The term  "Landlord"  as used  herein  shall  mean
Landlord and its successors and assigns as owner of the Building.

21. Authority.  The individuals signing below represent,  warrant,  and covenant
that they are  authorized to executed this Agreement on behalf of the entity for
which they are signing and thereby  bind that entity to perform its  obligations
under this Agreement.

22. Satisfaction.  Subtenant  acknowledges and agrees that the execution of this
Agreement  by  all  parties   hereto  shall   satisfy  all   conditions  to  the
effectiveness  of the Sublease as the same relate to any  requirement  to obtain
Landlord's  consent to this  Sublease or  Subtenant's  desired  alterations  and
improvements.  Subtenant  further  acknowledges  that  Subtenant may be required
under the terms of the  Sublease or the Lease to obtain  further  consents  from
Landlord  with  respect to signage,  antennas  and other  alterations,  but such
requirement to obtain further  consents shall not delay the  commencement of the
term of the Sublease or affect the  validity or  enforceability  of  Subtenant's
obligations under the Sublease.

         This Agreement  shall not be binding upon Landlord  unless and until it
has been executed by all parties hereto.

TENANT:                                SUBTENANT:

QUALCOMM INCORPORATED,                 PATH 1 NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
a Delaware corporation.                a Delaware corporation

                                       By:

By:                                    Name:
    --------------------------------
Name:                                  Title:
     -------------------------------
Title:
LANDLORD:

POINTE CAMINO WINDELL, LLC, a California limited
liability company


By:
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------
                                    SUBLEASE

                                 [See Next Page]


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B



                                    CORRIDOR

                                 [See Next Page]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
