<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>fellmanagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.30
<TEXT>


January 7 2003,

Dr. Ronald Fellman Hand delivered at: 6215 Ferris Sq. San Diego, CA 92121

Dear Ron:

As we discussed, you do not currently have a severance package with the company.
You have agreed that, in exchange for an agreement  outlining certain rights for
you in the  event  that you ever  leave or are  terminated  from  Path 1 Network
Technologies  Inc.  (the  "Company")  at some  future  date,  you are willing to
provide  200,000 shares of your Path 1 Network  Technologies  Inc.  Common Stock
("Company Stock") to the Company, to be used for the Company's needs.

You are hereby offered the following  terms regarding your employment at Path 1.
These  terms will  become  effective  upon our mutual  execution  of this letter
agreement.

COMPANY SHARES

You agree that upon  written  instruction  from the Company  (provided  that the
definitive  license  agreement  defined below is in effect) you will transfer to
Path 1 or its nominee  200,000  shares of Company  Stock.  Pending the Company's
transfer instruction,  you will reserve sufficient shares of Company Stock to be
available for the transfer. The Company's requested transfer will not in any way
cause  a  conflict  with  or  violation  of  any  applicable   securities  laws,
regulations  or rules.  Nevertheless,  the Company will  indemnify  and hold you
harmless  from  all  costs  and  liabilities  arising  from or  related  to such
transfer.

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

Your  employment  with the Company will not be for any specific  term and may be
terminated by you or by the Company at any time,  with or without cause and with
or without notice. Any contrary  representations  or agreements,  which may have
been  made to you are  superseded  by this  offer.  The  at-will  nature of your
employment described in this letter agreement and the related transactions shall
constitute the entire  agreement  between you and Path 1 concerning the duration
of your employment and the  circumstances  under which either you or the Company
may terminate the employment relationship. No person affiliated with the Company
has the  authority  to enter into any oral  agreement  that  changes the at-will
status of employment with the Company. This letter agreement may not be modified
except upon a written  agreement  signed by you and duly signed on behalf of the
Company.  By signing below and accepting this offer,  you  acknowledge and agree
that  length  of  employment,  promotions,  positive  performance  reviews,  pay
increases,  bonuses,  increases  in job  duties  or  responsibilities  and other
changes during  employment  will not change the at-will term of your  employment
with  Path 1 and will not  create  any  implied  contract  requiring  cause  for
termination of employment.

In  consideration  of your  agreement to transfer the Company Stock as described
above, in the event of a termination of your employment other than for cause, or
should you  voluntarily  resign from the Company at any time (but such voluntary
resignation shall not be effective if preceded by an event as defined below that
entitles the Company to terminate your  employment for cause),  the Company will
pay you severance in the form of salary continuation for seven months (for total
severance of $100,002) and seven months  continuation of benefits.  In addition,
you would in any  event  receive  all  accrued  and  unpaid  vacation  and other
benefits then due at termination. The severance will be paid consistent with the
Company's current payroll schedule,  and the salary continuation will be paid at
the  monthly  rate of  $14,286 or at your  salary  rate in effect at the time of
termination. (If your monthly salary is adjusted to an amount less than $14,286,
the  duration  of the salary and  benefits  continuation  will be extended by an
appropriate  period such that the aggregate  severance amount paid is equivalent
to the total salary  continuation  that would be due over the seven month period
as defined  above.)  For  purposes of this letter  agreement,  termination  "for
cause" shall be defined as a board of  directors-approved  termination after any
of the following  events:  (i) commission of any felony involving  dishonesty or
moral turpitude,  (ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud or falsification of
any employment or Company  records,  (iii) improper  disclosure of the Company's
confidential or proprietary  information,  (iv) a course of conduct amounting to
gross incompetence,  (v) continued use of alcohol or any illegal use of drugs or
other  substance in a manner as to materially  interfere with the performance of
your duties after you have been notified in writing by the Company of the nature
of interference  with the  performance of your duties  resulting from the use of
alcohol or illegal use of drugs or other illegal  substance,  (vi)  intentional,
reckless or grossly negligent action materially detrimental to the best interest
of the Company (but  excluding  any good faith  exercise of business  judgment),
(vii) intentional  failure to perform, or neglect of or inattention to, material
duties as an employee if such failure has  continued  for 15 days after you have
been notified in writing by the Company of the nature of your failure to perform
(provided,  that poor  performance  by the Company shall not itself be deemed to
constitute  poor  performance by you), or (viii)  chronic  absence from work for
reasons  other than illness or permitted  paid time off  (provided  that working
from home as previously  approved by the Company's chief executive  officer will
not be deemed to constitute any "absence from work").

In addition,  immediately upon any termination of your employment (by you or the
Company), the Company will pay you, in cash, all amounts then outstanding on all
loans you previously made to the Company, if any.

The parties  acknowledge and agree that the stock options granted to you in lieu
of salary  pursuant to the Board of Directors'  resolutions  on November 2, 2001
are fully vested upon grant and,  notwithstanding  any provisions of the Company
stock  option  plan to the  contrary,  each  such  stock  option  shall be fully
exercisable during the seven year term of the option,  regardless of whether you
are  employed  by the Company at the time of exercise or the period of time that
has elapsed since the  termination  of your  employment.  The stock option grant
notices previously given to you to reflect such stock options are deemed amended
consistent with this paragraph.

Immediately upon any termination of your employment (by you or the Company,  for
any reason or no  reason,  even if for  cause),  the  Company  and you will each
execute and deliver a  definitive  non-exclusive  license  agreement in the form
attached  hereto as Exhibit A. In the event either party fails to timely execute
such definitive non-exclusive license agreement, the agreement will be deemed to
be  effective  immediately  as of such  termination  regardless  of whether  the
agreement is mutually signed.  Further,  you shall have the right to assign your
right to become a party to the agreement to a new business  entity formed by you
provided that (i) you initially  hold at least 15% of the equity  ownership held
by the initial  company  shareholders/equity  holders,  and (ii) you will not be
entitled to assign the right to a Company  Competitor or to an entity in which a
Company  Competitor  or an entity that is  controlled  by a Company  Competitor,
holds an equity  interest  that  exceeds 1% interest of the  outstanding  voting
interests,  without the Company's  consent.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  a
"Company Competitor" means a company which sells an SDI or ASI video gateway for
gigabit Ethernet.

The Company acknowledges that following  termination of your employment with the
Company you may pursue other business  endeavors,  including the use (subject to
the field of use restriction in the definitive  non-exclusive license agreement)
of  the  technology  licensed   non-exclusively  under  the  definitive  license
agreement,  outside of the MPEG-2 based major  television  broadcast,  cable and
satellite  markets,  or in connection with MPEG-2 based video on  demand-related
entertainment or  non-healthcare  educational  products and related  maintenance
services.  The Company also  acknowledges  that you informed the Company of your
interests in developing and  commercializing the technology and related services
for  MPEG-4  in  general  and for  MPEG-2  outside  of the  MPEG-2  based  major
television broadcast,  cable and satellite markets, or in connection with MPEG-2
based  video  on  demand-related  entertainment  or  non-healthcare  educational
products and related  maintenance  services.  The Company expressly reserves all
right to exploit the licensed  technology for MPEG-2 and MPEG-4.  Subject to the
definitive  license agreement and, with respect to matters not covered under the
definitive  license  agreement,  your  proprietary  information  and  inventions
agreement, the Company expressly consents to, and has no objections to or claims
regarding,  your pursuing such business opportunities and activities independent
of the Company after the termination of your employment  (provided that prior to
termination  of your  employment,  nothing  shall  prevent or restrict  you from
forming,  organizing  and  coordinating  the  formation and  organization  of, a
related  business  entity on your own time,  outside  of your work hours for the
Company).

The Company will  reimburse  you for all  reasonable  attorney  fees and related
costs associated with the negotiation and execution of this letter agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.

This  letter  agreement  and the  transactions  under this  agreement  have been
consented to by the Company's board of directors.

Sincerely,

Frederick A. Cary
Chairman, CEO and President
Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

Agreed and accepted:

/s/ Ronald Fellman
-------------------
Dr. Ronald Fellman

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
