<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.A
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>global_8kex2a.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


EX-2a
                        AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE EZ TRAC LABS

         This Agreement between 37 Point9 ("TSPN"), with principle executive
offices located at 444 West C St., Suite 330 San Diego, California 92101, a
corporation duly organized and in good standing under the laws of Nevada, and
Stason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation duly organized and in good standing
under the laws of California ("Stason"), with U.S. offices located at 11 Morgan,
Irvine, California 92618-2005 (the "Agreement"), for TSPN to acquire Stason's
interest in EZ Trac Lab operation, a 100% owned division of Stason ("IMT") plus
all related tangible and intangible assets is hereby entered into on this 1st
day of November, 2002.

                                    RECITALS:

         WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of TSPN and Stason deem it advisable
and in the best interests of their respective shareholders to enter into this
Agreement by which TSPN acquires 100% of Stason's interest in the IMT EZ Trac
Lab operation plus all related tangible and intangible assets for the sum of
$175,000, payable in the common stock in TSPN in accordance with terms and
conditions set out below.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
and the agreements set forth herein, and in reliance upon the representations
and warranties by the respective parties contained herein, the parties hereto
covenant and agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1.

1.1  TSPN TO ISSUE $175,000 IN COMMON STOCK. As of the date of this Agreement,
     TSPN agrees to issue to the shareholders of Stason common stock of TSPN
     equivalent to the amount of $175,000 in exchange for 100% interest in
     Stason's revenue stream of IMT EZ Trac Lab operation plus all related
     rights thereto, to include any and all licenses currently or in the future
     owned by IMT, which are to be licensed to TSPN on a non-exclusive basis for
     a period of seven years, renewable seven times at the option of TSPN, for
     an annual consideration of $1.00 U.S., for the purpose of conducting the
     business of IMT.
1.2  STASON ASSIGNS 100% INTEREST TO TSPN. For consideration of $175,000 payable
     in the common stock of TSPN, Stason sells all of the income stream and
     related rights under its operations of Stason's IMT EZ Trac Lab operation
     plus all related tangible and intangible assets to TSPN.
1.3  FINDER'S FEE: TSPN will pay a finder's fee of 10%, amounting to $17,500 in
     equivalent shares of TSPN to Bruce W. Barren or his designee(s).

                                   ARTICLE 2.

2.1  CHOICE OF LAW. This Agreement, and any dispute arising from the
     relationship between the parties to this Agreement, shall be governed by
     California law, excluding any laws that direct the application of another
     jurisdiction's laws.

<PAGE>

2.2  ATTORNEY FEES PROVISION. In any litigation, arbitration, or other
     proceeding by which one party either seeks to enforce its rights under this
     Agreement (whether in contract, tort, or both) or seeks a declaration of
     any rights or obligations under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall
     be awarded its reasonable attorney fees, and costs and expenses incurred.
2.3  NOTICE. Any notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
     given in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person, (b) by certified
     mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) by facsimile, or (d)
     by a commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery and
     provides a receipt, and such notices shall be addressed as follows:

For TSPN:      Douglas P. Brown,  1804 Garnet Avenue, #387, San Diego, CA 92109.
For Stason:    Harry Fan, 11 Morgan, Irvine, California 92618-2005

or to such other address as either party may from time to time specify in
writing to the other party. Any notice shall be effective only upon delivery,
which for any notice given by facsimile shall mean notice which has been
received by the party to whom it is sent as evidenced by confirmation slip.

2.4  MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement may be supplemented, amended, or
     modified only by the mutual agreement of the parties. No supplement,
     amendment, or modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless it is
     in writing and signed by all parties.

2.5  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and all other agreements, exhibits, and
     schedules referred to in this Agreement constitute(s) the final, complete,
     and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties
     pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all prior
     and contemporaneous understandings or agreements of the parties. This
     Agreement may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or
     contemporaneous statements or agreements. No party has been induced to
     enter into this Agreement by, nor is any party relying on, any
     representation, understanding, agreement, commitment or warranty outside
     those expressly set forth in this

2.6  SEVERABILITY OF AGREEMENT. If any term or provision of this Agreement
     is determined to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid in whole or in part
     for any reason, such illegal, unenforceable, or invalid provisions or part
     thereof shall be stricken from this Agreement, and such provision shall not
     affect the legality, enforceability, or validity of the remainder of this
     Agreement. If any provision or part thereof of this Agreement is stricken
     in accordance with the provisions of this section, then this stricken
     provision shall be replaced, to the extent possible, with a legal,
     enforceable, and valid provision that is as similar in tenor to the
     stricken provision as is legally possible.

2.6  SURVIVAL. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
     representations, warranties, and covenants contained in this Agreement, or
     in any instrument, certificate, exhibit, or other writing intended by the
     parties to be a part of this Agreement, shall survive for the maximum
     number of years as provided for under the law of the State of California
     after the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>

2.7  AMBIGUITIES. Each party and its counsel have participated fully in the
     review and revision of this Agreement. Any rule of construction to the
     effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
     not apply in interpreting this Agreement. The language in this Agreement
     shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against
     any party.

2.8  WAIVER. No waiver of a breach, failure of any condition, or any right or
     remedy contained in or granted by the provisions of this Agreement shall be
     effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party waiving the
     breach, failure, right, or remedy. No waiver of any breach, failure, right,
     or remedy, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a
     continuing waiver unless the writing so specifies.

2.9  HEADINGS. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience only
     and shall neither affect the construction or interpretation of any
     provision in this Agreement nor affect any of the rights or obligations of
     the parties to this Agreement.

3.0  NECESSARY ACTS, FURTHER ASSURANCES. The parties shall at their own cost and
     expense execute and deliver such further documents and instruments and
     shall take such other actions as may be reasonably required or appropriate
     to evidence or carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

3.1  EXECUTION. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by fax.

3.2  CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND FORUM SELECTION. The parties hereto agree that
     all actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Agreement shall
     be tried and litigated exclusively in the State and Federal courts located
     in the County of Los Angeles, State of California. The aforementioned
     choice of venue is intended by the parties to be mandatory and not
     permissive in nature, thereby precluding the possibility of litigation
     between the parties with respect to or arising out of this Agreement in any
     jurisdiction other than that specified in this paragraph. Each party hereby
     waives any right it may have to assert the doctrine of forum non conveniens
     or similar doctrine or to object to venue with respect to any proceeding
     brought in accordance with this paragraph, and stipulates that the State
     and Federal courts located in the County of Los Angeles, State of
     California shall have in personam jurisdiction and venue over each of them
     for the purpose of litigating any dispute, controversy, or proceeding
     arising out of or related to this Agreement. Each party hereby authorizes
     and accepts service of process sufficient for personal jurisdiction in any
     action against it as contemplated by this paragraph by registered or
     certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to its address
     for the giving of notices as set forth in this Agreement. Any final
     judgment rendered against a party in any action or proceeding shall be
     conclusive as to the subject of such final judgment and may be enforced in
     other jurisdictions in any manner provided by law.


<PAGE>

3.2  JURY TRIAL WAIVERS. To the fullest extent permitted by law, and as
     separately bargained-for-consideration, each party hereby waives any right
     to trial by jury in any action, suit, proceeding, or counterclaim of any
     kind arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

3.4  SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. The parties acknowledge that it will be impossible to
     measure in money the damage to them caused by any failure to comply with
     the covenants set forth in Section 1, that each such covenant is material,
     and that in the event of any such failure, the injured party will not have
     an adequate remedy at law or in damages. Therefore, the parties consent to
     the issuance of an injunction or the enforcement of other equitable
     remedies against them at the suit of the other, without bond or other
     security, to compel performance of all of the terms of Section 1, and waive
     the defense of the availability of relief in damages.

3.5  REPRESENTATION ON AUTHORITY OF PARTIES/SIGNATORIES. Each person signing
     this Agreement represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized
     and has legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement. Each party
     represents and warrants to the other that the execution and delivery of the
     Agreement and the performance of such party's obligations hereunder have
     been duly authorized and that the Agreement is a valid and legal agreement
     binding on such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

3.6  FORCE MAJEURE. No party shall be liable for any failure to perform its
     obligations in connection with any action described in this Agreement, if
     such failure results from any act of God, riot, war, civil unrest, flood,
     earthquake, or other cause beyond such party's reasonable control
     (including any mechanical, electronic, or communications failure, but
     excluding failure caused by a party's financial condition or negligence).

3.7  ASSIGNMENT. Neither party shall voluntarily or by operation of law assign,
     hypothecate, give, transfer, mortgage, sublet, license, or otherwise
     transfer or encumber all or part of its rights, duties, or other interests
     in this Agreement or the proceeds thereof (collectively, "Assignment'),
     without the other party's prior written consent. Any attempt to make an
     Assignment in violation of this provision shall be a material default under
     this Agreement and any Assignment in violation of this provision shall be
     null and void.

<PAGE>

3.8  ARBITRATION. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating
     to this Agreement, shall be settled by binding arbitration in Los Angeles,
     California. Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then
     prevailing commercial arbitration rules of JAMS/Endispute ("JAMS"), with
     the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen
     by JAMS; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay its pro rata share of
     the expenses and fees of the arbitrator, together with other expenses of
     the arbitration incurred or approved by the arbitrator; and (c) arbitration
     may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice (pursuant to the
     JAMS' rules and regulations) of the proceedings has been given to such
     party. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in
     such proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator
     shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having
     jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of
     execution for its collection. All such controversies, claims or disputes
     shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity;
     [provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as
     precluding the bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable
     relief]. The arbitrator shall not have the right to award punitive damages
     or speculative damages to either party and shall not have the power to
     amend this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable
     law.

Signed this 1st day of November, 2002.



TSPN:                                   STASON PHARMECEUTICALS, INC.:


By: /s/ Douglas P. Brown                By: /s/ Harry Fan
    -----------------------------           --------------------------
    Douglas P. Brown, President             Harry Fan, CEO




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
