<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>offerlettercarnevale.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.25
<TEXT>
                                                Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

                                                     3636 Nobel Drive, Suite 275
                                                            San Diego, CA  92122
                                                              Phone 858.450.4220
                                                                Fax 858.450.4203
                                                                   www.path1.net


November 6, 2001

David A. Carnavale
26 Palazzo
Newport Beach, CA  92660

Dear David:

Path  1  Network  Technologies  Inc.  is the  world's  award-winning  leader  in
broadcast  quality  video  transport  over IP  technology.  As a small,  growing
company, we highly value the professional  competence and personal commitment of
each member of our team.

We believe that your  capabilities and professional  aspirations  match Path 1's
needs and high expectations.  I am therefore pleased to make the following offer
of employment:

       Position:             Executive Vice President of Marketing & Sales
       Reporting to:         President and Chief Executive Officer
       Classification:       Exempt

       Annual Base Salary:   US$170,000
       Stock Options:        Stock options on 200,000 shares of Class A Common
                             Stock with an exercise price at fair market value
                             on grant date, vesting in sixteen equal quarterly
                             installments over four (4) years in accordance with
                             the company's 2000 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan
                             and with maximum ISO treatment allowed by law,
                             subject to Board approval.  Options to fully vest
                             on an accelerated basis upon an "effective" change
                             in control of the company.
       Severance Agreement:  Three (3) months severance in the form of salary &
                             benefit continuation in case of termination for any
                             reason other than for cause, effective after ninety
                             (90) days of employment.  Subject to this severance
                             arrangement, you shall be an "at-will" employee and
                             your employment can be terminated at any time by
                             Path 1, or by you, or by any reason or for no
                             reason.
       Apartment Allowance:  Path 1 will provide an apartment allowance to you
                             of US$1,000 per month for up to six (6) months.
       Relocation Allowance: Up to US$10,000 based on actual costs with receipts
       Proprietary Information and
         Inventions Agreement:  as Enclosed

       Health Benefits/401(k):  Same as other Path 1 employees
       Paid Time Off (PTO):   Same as other Path 1 employees
       Holidays:              Same as other Path 1 employees
       Start Date:            November 26, 2001, or November 19, 2001 if
                              possible.
       Offer Expiration Date: November 9, 2001

We look  forward to your  acceptance  of this offer and to a mutually  rewarding
professional relationship.

Sincerely,

Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

/s/ Frederick A Cary
Frederick A Cary
President & Chief Executive Officer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your employment  with Path 1, should you accept this offer,  will not be for any
specific  term and may be  terminated  by you or by Path 1 at any time,  with or
without  cause and with or  without  notice.  Any  contrary  representations  or
agreements,  which may have been made to you, are superseded by this offer.  The
at-will  nature  of  your  employment  described  in  this  offer  letter  shall
constitute the entire  agreement  between you and Path 1 concerning the duration
of your employment and the  circumstances  under which either you or the Company
may terminate the employment relationship.  No person affiliated with Path 1 has
the authority to enter into any oral  agreement  that changes the at-will status
of employment with the Company.  The at-will term of your employment can only be
changed in a writing signed by you and the President, CEO or CFO of the Company,
which  expressly  states  the  intention  to  modify  the  at-will  term of your
employment. By signing below and accepting this offer, you acknowledge and AGREE
that  length  of  employment,  promotions,  positive  performance  reviews,  pay
increases,  bonuses,  increases  in job  duties  or  responsibilities  and other
changes during  employment  will not change the at will term of your  employment
with  Path 1 and will not  create  any  implied  contract  requiring  cause  for
termination of  employment.  Your stock option grant does not create any implied
promise that you will be employed for any specific duration.

        /s/ David A. Carnevale                             11/9/01
     -----------------------------------------         ------------------
          David A. Carnavale                               Date

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
