<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>a2106518zex-10_30.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.30
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.30

                                 October 9, 2002

Mr. John Barnicle
200 North LaSalle Street
Chicago IL 60601

Dear John:

               This letter agreement (this "Agreement") will confirm the
agreement between you and Focal Communications Corporation, Inc. (together with
its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the "Company"), as follows:

          1.   SEPARATION FROM THE COMPANY

               By signing this Agreement you acknowledge that the termination of
your employment with the Company will be effective on October 9, 2002 (the
"Separation Date"). As of the Separation Date, you will no longer be employed by
the Company and will no longer be required to fulfill any of the duties and
responsibilities associated with your position of employment with the Company.

          2.   SEVERANCE ARRANGEMENTS

               In exchange for your execution of this Agreement, including the
Release in paragraph 3 and the additional agreements in paragraph 4, the Company
agrees to the following:

          (a)  For a period of twenty-six (26) weeks commencing on the
               Separation Date (the "Severance Period"), you will receive your
               salary at the same rate of pay as your salary in effect
               immediately prior to the Separation Date (I.E., $250,000 per
               annum). Such payments, subject to applicable withholding, will be
               made on a monthly basis.

          (b)  During the Severance Period, you will receive the same, if
               possible, or comparable medical benefits to those provided to you
               by the Company immediately prior to the Separation Date; you will
               continue to be responsible for the employee contribution portion.
               After the Severance Period, you will be eligible to continue your
               medical benefits pursuant to COBRA.

          (c)  Within ten (10) days after the Separation Date, the Company will
               pay to you in cash the amount of $115,384.62, less appropriate
               tax withholdings. This amount represents twenty-four (24) weeks
               of unused vacation pay.

          (d)  You may keep the laptop provided to you by the Company.

<Page>

          (e)  You will be retained by the Company as an outside consultant for
               a minimum six month term commencing on the Separation Date, or
               such longer term as may be mutually agreed. During the period in
               which you are retained as a consultant:

               (i)     you will provide to the Company and its Chief Executive
                       Officer up to 30 hours per calendar month (or such
                       greater number of hours as is requested by the Company
                       and reasonably agreed to by you) of such consulting and
                       advisory services as the Chief Executive Officer shall
                       from time to time reasonably direct, subject to your
                       receipt of reasonable notice concerning the timing for
                       your consulting responsibilities;

               (ii)    you will receive a consulting payment of $10,000 per
                       month, which will cover up to 30 hours of consulting
                       services in each such calendar month; if the number of
                       hours of consulting services provided in any month
                       exceeds 30 hours, such excess hours will be billed and
                       you will be paid at a rate of $250 per hour; hours worked
                       in any particular day will be rounded to the next whole
                       hour and will be recorded and submitted to the Company in
                       good faith by you; hours do not carry over from one month
                       to the next;

               (iii)   you will receive the same, if possible, or comparable
                       medical benefits to those provided to you by the Company
                       immediately prior to the Separation Date; you will
                       continue to be responsible for the employee contribution
                       portion; and

               (iv)    you will be provided use of an executive office at
                       Focal's Chicago headquarters.

               Your service as a consultant will terminate upon your death,
               resignation, or termination by the Board or the Company's Chief
               Executive Officer; PROVIDED that upon any termination by the
               Board or the Company's Chief Executive Officer, you will be
               entitled to receive the consulting payments and continuation of
               benefits described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding
               sentence until the end of the six-month term in which such
               termination occurs. Your retention by the Company as a consultant
               will be as an independent contractor, and will not give rise to
               any employment relationship with the Company.

          (g)  Promptly after the Separation Date, the Company will reimburse
               you for all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one
               legal counsel to you incurred prior to the date hereof in
               connection with the review, negotiation, and execution of this
               letter agreement.

          (h)  You will be eligible for a "Success Fee" of $100,000, contingent
               upon the Company's consummation of a capital restructuring,
               subject to your assistance in the following areas:

                       (i)    Providing a lead role with WorldCom settlement
                              discussion;

                                        2
<Page>

                       (ii)   Negotiating with Nortel Networks on compromise of
                              the take-or-pay equipment purchase contract;
                       (iii)  Assisting in overall network expense reduction
                              initiative;
                       (iv)   Identifying network savings opportunities through
                              specific contract negotiations.

               Such Success Fee will be payable, if at all, at the conclusion of
               any capital restructuring by the Company at the same time that a
               similar end-of-process, success-based fee is paid to the
               Company's financial restructuring advisor.

          All payments and other arrangements under this Section 2 (the
"Severance Arrangements") will be subject to any applicable withholding
obligations of the Company under applicable laws.

          Such Severance Arrangements will not be paid or become effective until
this agreement becomes effective and enforceable. You understand and agree that
you will not receive the payments and benefits described in this paragraph 2
unless you execute this Agreement and do not breach this Agreement.

          Such Severance Arrangements shall not be considered compensation for
purposes of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained
or hereafter established by the Company or any of its affiliates. You understand
that the Severance Arrangements made to you represent consideration for signing
this Agreement (including the Release set forth in paragraph 3) and, except for
your earned and unused vacation pay, are salary, wages or benefits in excess of
what you were already entitled. You also acknowledge and represent that, except
for any unpaid salary for pay periods up to the Separation Date and for your
earned and unused vacation pay, you have already received everything to which
you were entitled by virtue of your employment relationship with the Company.

          3A.  RELEASE BY YOU

          (a)  You (for yourself, your heirs, assigns or executors) release and
               forever discharge the Company, any of its affiliates, and its and
               their directors, officers, agents and employees from any and all
               claims, suits, demands, causes of action, contracts, covenants,
               obligations, debts, costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, liabilities
               of whatever kind or nature in law or equity, by statute or
               otherwise whether now known or unknown, vested or contingent,
               suspected or unsuspected, and whether or not concealed or hidden,
               which have existed or may have existed, or which do exist,
               through the date this letter agreement becomes effective and
               enforceable, ("Claims") of any kind, including those which relate
               in any way to your employment with the Company or the termination
               of that employment, except for those arising out of the
               performance of this letter agreement, your rights under the
               employee benefit plans of the Company (including your rights
               under COBRA and your 401(k) plan) and your rights to accrued,
               unused vacation and sick leave. Such released Claims include,
               without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing
               language, any and all allegations, claims, or violations, arising
               under: Title VII or the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the
               Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Americans with Disabilities Act of
               1990; the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as

                                        3
<Page>

               amended; the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Civil
               Rights Act of 1866, as amended; the Worker Adjustment Retraining
               and Notification Act, as amended; the Employee Retirement Income
               Security Act of 1974, as amended; any applicable Executive Order
               Programs; the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended; or their
               state or local counterparts (including the Illinois Human Rights
               Act, as amended); or under any other federal, state or local
               civil or human rights law; or under any other local, state, or
               federal law, regulation or ordinance; or under any public policy,
               contract, or tort, or under common law; or arising under any
               policies, practices, or procedures of the Company; or arising out
               of any contract or agreement with the Company (other than under
               this Agreement); or any claim for wrongful discharge, breach of
               contract, infliction of emotional distress, or defamation; or any
               claim for costs, fees, or other expenses, including attorneys'
               fees incurred in these matters; PROVIDED that such released
               Claims specifically exclude any claims under the Age
               Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including
               the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act).

          (b)  In signing this Release you acknowledge that you intend that it
               shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims
               hereinabove mentioned or implied. You expressly consent that this
               Release shall be given full force and effect according to each
               and all of its express terms and provisions, including those
               relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims (notwithstanding any
               state statute that expressly limits the effectiveness of a
               general release of unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated
               Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims
               hereinabove mentioned or implied. You acknowledge and agree that
               this waiver is an essential and material term of this Release and
               without such waiver the Company would not have made the Severance
               Payments described in paragraph 2. You further agree that in the
               event you bring your own Claim in which you seek damages against
               the Company, or in the event you seek to recover against the
               Company in any Claim brought by a governmental agency on your
               behalf, this release shall serve as a complete defense to such
               Claims. You further agree that you are not aware of any pending
               charge or complaint against the Company of the type described in
               paragraph 3A(a) as of the execution of this Release.

          (c)  In signing this Release, you represent that you have made no
               assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of
               action, or other matter covered by paragraph 3A(a) above.

          (d)  By signing this letter agreement, you acknowledge that you:

               (1)     have carefully read and fully understand all of the
                       provisions of this letter agreement, and understand that
                       you will be giving up important rights (including,
                       without limitation, rights under the Title VII of the
                       Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Equal Pay Act
                       of 1963; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and
                       the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
                       amended);

                                        4
<Page>

               (2)     knowingly and voluntarily agree with and consent to all
                       of the terms set forth in this letter agreement, and
                       knowingly and voluntarily agree to be legally bound by
                       this letter agreement; and

               (3)     have been advised and encouraged by the Company to
                       consult with an attorney prior to signing this letter
                       agreement, and you have either done so or, after careful
                       reading and consideration, have chosen not to of your own
                       volition.

          3B.  RELEASE BY THE COMPANY.

          (a)  The Company for itself its affiliates, and its and their
               directors, officers, agents and employees release and forever
               discharge you, your heirs, assigns or executors from any and all
               claims, suits, demands, causes of action, contracts, covenants,
               obligations, debts, costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, liabilities
               of whatever kind or nature in law or equity, by statute or
               otherwise whether now known or unknown, vested or contingent,
               suspected or unsuspected, and whether or not concealed or hidden,
               which have existed or may have existed, or which do exist,
               through the date this letter agreement becomes effective and
               enforceable, ("Claims") of any kind, including those which relate
               in any way to your employment with the Company or the termination
               of that employment, except for those arising out of the
               performance of this letter agreement. Such released Claims
               include claims arising under any federal, state or local civil or
               law, regulation or ordinance; or under any public policy,
               contract, or tort, or under common law; or arising under any
               policies, practices, or procedures of the Company; or arising out
               of any contract or agreement with the Company (other than under
               this Agreement); or any claim for costs, fees, or other expenses,
               including attorneys' fees incurred in these matters.

          (b)  In signing this Release the Company acknowledges that it intends
               that it shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the
               Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. The Company expressly
               consents that this Release shall be given full force and effect
               according to each and all of its express terms and provisions,
               including those relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims
               (notwithstanding any state statute that expressly limits the
               effectiveness of a general release of unknown, unsuspected and
               unanticipated Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any
               other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. The Company
               acknowledges and agrees that this waiver is an essential and
               material term of this Release. The Company further agrees that in
               the event it brings its own Claim in which it seek damages
               against you, or in the event it seeks to recover against you in
               any Claim brought by a governmental agency on its behalf, this
               release shall serve as a complete defense to such Claims. The
               Company further agrees that it is not aware of any pending charge
               or complaint against you of the type described in paragraph 3B(a)
               as of the execution of this Release.

          (c)  In signing this Release, the Company represents that its has made
               no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of
               action, or other matter covered by paragraph 3B(a) above.

                                        5
<Page>

          (d)  By signing this letter agreement, the Company acknowledges that
               it:

               (1)     has carefully read and fully understand all of the
                       provisions of this letter agreement, and understands that
                       it will be giving up important rights;

               (2)     knowingly and voluntarily agrees with and consents to all
                       of the terms set forth in this letter agreement, and
                       knowingly and voluntarily agrees to be legally bound by
                       this letter agreement; and

               (3)     has been advised and encouraged by you to consult with an
                       attorney prior to signing this letter agreement, and it
                       has either done so or, after careful reading and
                       consideration, has chosen not to of its own volition.

          4.   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

               (a)     You agree not to disparage the Company, or its past and
present investors, officers or employees, and to keep all confidential and
proprietary information about the past or present business affairs of the
Company confidential unless a prior written release from the Company is
obtained, or as such disclosure is required under applicable law (in which case
you will notify the Company in writing in advance of such disclosure). The
Company agrees that it will not disparage you, will upon your request deliver a
positive written reference regarding you for delivery to any future employer or
business relation, and will consult with you and obtain your reasonable approval
in preparing the initial press release or public statement regarding the
termination of your employment.

               (b)     You agree that you will continue to be bound by the
following provisions of your Executive Stock Agreement and Employment Agreement,
dated as of November 27, 1996 and thereafter amended (your "Employment
Agreement") that survive termination of your employment: Section 4 relating to
restrictions on transfer, Section 5(g) relating to confidentiality, Section 6
relating to ownership of intellectual property, Section 7 relating to
noncompetition and nonsolicitation, Section 8 relating to notices, and Section 9
relating to miscellaneous provisions. Said provisions are attached to and a made
a part of this letter agreement as Exhibit A. In addition, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in Section 7 of the Employment Agreement, you will
(without the payment of any additional consideration other than as set forth in
this letter Agreement) continue to be bound by the terms of such Section 7
during the Severance Period.

          5.   CONFIDENTIALITY OF THIS LETTER AGREEMENT

               The contents of this letter agreement, including but not limited
to its financial terms, are strictly confidential. By signing this agreement you
agree and represent that you will maintain the confidential nature of the
agreement, except (a) to legal counsel, tax and financial planners, and
immediate family who agree to keep it confidential; (b) as otherwise required by
law, in which case you shall notify the Company in writing in advance of
disclosure; and (c) as necessary to enforce this letter agreement.

               The Company agrees that it will keep the contents of this letter
agreement confidential, except (a) to its executive staff and governing bodies,
as necessary or appropriate,

                                        6
<Page>

and to its outside counsel and auditors; (b) as otherwise required by law; and
(c) as necessary to enforce this letter agreement.

          6.   NO TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT

               You and the Company agree that no interest or right you have or
any of your beneficiaries has to receive payment or to receive benefits under
this Agreement shall be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, assignment,
pledge, attachment, garnishment, or other alienation or encumbrance of any kind,
except as required by law. Nor may such interest or right to receive payment or
distribution be taken, voluntarily or involuntarily, for the satisfaction of the
obligations or debts of, or other claims against you or your beneficiary,
including for alimony, except to the extent required by law. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you die before receiving all of the payments and benefits
described in this agreement, they shall be provided to your widow, if she
survives you, otherwise to your estate.

          7.   NO ADMISSIONS

                  This letter agreement shall not be construed as an admission
of any wrongdoing either by the Company, its affiliates, or its and their
directors, officers, agents and employees or by you.

          8.   NO OTHER AGREEMENT

               This letter agreement contains the entire agreement between you
and the Company. No part of this letter agreement may be changed except in
writing, executed by both you and the Company

          9.   GOVERNING LAW

               This letter agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of Illinois. Whenever possible, each provision of this letter
agreement shall be interpreted in a manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision shall be held to be prohibited or invalid
under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of
such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or affecting the remainder
of such provision or any of the remaining provisions of this letter agreement.

          10.  COUNTERPARTS

               This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of
which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one
and the same Agreement.

          11.  INDEMNIFICATION

          Prior to and after the Separation Date, the Company agrees to
indemnify, defend, and hold you harmless from and against any and all demands,
actions, claims, suits, liabilities, losses, damages, fees and expenses relating
to any acts or omissions to act in the course or scope of your duties you
performed or perform on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries while
employed by it or while serving as an officer or on its Board, to pay any and
all fees and

                                        7
<Page>

expenses that you may incur in defending against or seeking legal advice
regarding any claim arising in whole or in part out of any such acts or
omissions in advance by the Company prior to final disposition, subject to such
conditions as may be affirmatively prescribed by law, and to provide
indemnification and Directors and Officers liability insurance to you at least
to the same extent that it provides such indemnification and insurance to the
Directors and Officers of the Company. You will have the option to select your
own counsel or be represented by counsel for the Company. Your contractual
rights to indemnification hereunder shall be exclusive of any other rights to
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided under the Certificate of
Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or under
applicable law.

                                        8
<Page>

          Please indicate your agreement by signing this letter and returning it
to us.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          FOCAL COMMUNICATIONS
                                          CORPORATION, INC.

                                          By:
                                                 ----------------------------
                                          Name:
                                                 ----------------------------
                                          Title:
                                                 ----------------------------


Accepted and Agreed this _____ day of
________, 2002:

By:
     --------------------------------
     John Barnicle

                                        9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
