<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>offerletterzavoli.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.29
<TEXT>
                                                Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

                                                      6215 Ferris Sq., Suite 140
                                                            San Diego, CA  92121
                                                              Phone 858.450.4220
                                                                Fax 858.450.4203
                                                                   www.path1.com



October 16, 2002

John R. Zavoli
36544 Summitville Street
Temecula, California  92592

Dear John:

Path  1  Network  Technologies  Inc.  is an  award-winning  leader  in  IP-based
broadcast quality video products.  As a small,  growing company, we highly value
the professional competence and personal commitment of each member of our team.

We believe that your  capabilities and professional  aspirations  match Path 1's
needs and high expectations.  I am therefore pleased to make the following offer
of  employment,  subject to you  providing  the legally  required  proof of your
identity and legal authorization to work in the United States and subject to the
Company  not  receiving  materially  negative  information  as a result  of your
reference check and the background checks, which you have previously authorized:

          Position:         Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel.  You
                            will be responsible generally as the executive
                            leader of the Company's finance, administration and
                            operations departments, as well as the Company's
                            legal  matters.  You will work full time and will be
                            based at the Company's San Diego headquarters.

          Reporting to:     President and Chief Executive Officer

          Classification:   Exempt

          Annual Base Salary: US$165,000, payable according to the Company's
                            general  policy as may from time to time  exist.
                            Currently, all  executives  have  taken  a 20%  pay
                            reduction  pending additional  funding or positive
                            cash flow on a  sustainable basis.  This  reduction
                            will apply to the salary  indicated herein.  You
                            will be entitled to participate in the additional
                            executive  option  program  whereby  the  senior
                            executives  whose  salaries have been reduced
                            receive fully vested options at each pay period
                            representing an aggregate exercise price of four
                            times the face value of the reduction in salary
                            realized  during that pay period.  Please ask for
                            additional information about the program.

          Stock Options:    Stock options on 100,000 shares of Common Stock with
                            an exercise price at fair market value on grant
                            date, vesting in sixteen equal quarterly
                            installments over four (4) years from your start
                            date in accordance with the company's 2000 Stock
                            Option/Stock Issuance Plan and with maximum ISO
                            treatment allowed by law. The options require Board
                            approval, and would be considered for grant at the
                            next Board's meeting.

          Severance Agreement: Two (2) months severance in the form of salary &
                            benefit continuation in case of termination for any
                            reason other than for cause, effective after sixty
                            (60) days of employment, increasing to Three (3)
                            months severance after one year of employment.
                            Subject to this severance arrangement, you shall be
                            an "at-will" employee and your employment can be
                            terminated at any time by Path 1, or by you, for any
                            reason or for no reason.

          Proprietary Information and
            Inventions  Agreement: as enclosed,  which will be executed on
                            your start date.

          Health Benefits/401(k): Same as other Path 1 employees

          Paid Time Off (PTO): Same as other Path 1 employees

          Holidays:         Same as other Path 1 employees

          Start Date:       October 18, 2002.

          Offer Expiration Date:  October 16, 2002

We look  forward to your  acceptance  of this offer and to a mutually  rewarding
professional relationship.

Sincerely,

Path 1 Network Technologies Inc.

/s/ Frederick A. Cary
Frederick A. Cary
President & Chief Executive Officer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your employment  with Path 1, should you accept this offer,  will not be for any
specific  term and may be  terminated  by you or by Path 1 at any time,  with or
without  cause and with or  without  notice.  Any  contrary  representations  or
agreements,  which may have been made to you, are superseded by this offer.  The
at-will  nature  of  your  employment  described  in  this  offer  letter  shall
constitute the entire  agreement  between you and Path 1 concerning the duration
of your employment and the  circumstances  under which either you or the Company
may terminate the employment relationship.  No person affiliated with Path 1 has
the authority to enter into any oral  agreement  that changes the at-will status
of employment with the Company.  The at-will term of your employment can only be
changed  in a writing  signed by you and the  President  of the  Company,  which
expressly states the intention to modify the at-will term of your employment. By
signing below and accepting this offer, you acknowledge and AGREE that length of
employment,  promotions,  positive performance reviews, pay increases,  bonuses,
increases in job duties or responsibilities  and other changes during employment
will not  change  the at will term of your  employment  with Path 1 and will not
create any implied contract  requiring cause for termination of employment.  Any
stock option grant that you may receive does not create any implied promise that
you will be employed for any specific duration.

                /s/ John R. Zavoli                           10/16/2002
              -------------------------------------         -----------
                  John R. Zavoli                                Date


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
