<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>dmcg.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.32
<TEXT>
                          Consulting Agreement - Page 1

                        INDEPENDENT CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Independent  Consulting Agreement  ("Agreement"),  effective as of November
27,  2002  ("Effective  Date") is  entered  into by and  between  PATH 1 NETWORK
TECHNOLOGIES INC., a Delaware  corporation (herein referred to as the "Company")
and THE  DEL MAR  CONSULTING  GROUP,  INC.,  a  California  corporation  (herein
referred to as the "Consultant").

                                    RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company is a publicly-held corporation with its common stock traded
on the OTC Bulletin Board; and

WHEREAS,  Company  desires to engage the services of Consultant to represent the
company  in  investors'   communications  and  public  relations  with  existing
shareholders,  brokers,  dealers and other  investment  professionals  as to the
Company's  current  and  proposed  activities,  and to consult  with  management
concerning such Company activities;

NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the promises and the mutual  covenants and
agreements  hereinafter  set forth,  the parties  hereto  covenant  and agree as
follows:

1. Term of Consultancy. Company hereby agrees to retain the Consultant to act in
a  consulting  capacity to the  Company,  and the  Consultant  hereby  agrees to
provide  services to the Company  commencing  immediately and ending on July 30,
2003 unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties.

2. Duties of Consultant.  The Consultant  agrees that it will generally  provide
the following  specified  consulting services through its officers and employees
during the term specified in Section 1, above.

          (a) Consult with and assist the Company in developing and implementing
          appropriate  plans  and  means  for  presenting  the  Company  and its
          business  plans,  strategy and personnel to the  financial  community,
          establishing an image for the Company in the financial community,  and
          creating the  foundation  for subsequent  financial  public  relations
          efforts;

          (b) Introduce the Company to the financial community,  including,  but
          not limited to, retail brokers,  buy side and sell side  institutional
          managers, portfolio managers, analysts, and financial public relations
          professionals.;

          (c) With the cooperation of the Company,  maintain an awareness during
          the  term of this  Agreement  of the  Company's  plans,  strategy  and
          personnel,  as they may evolve  during  such  period,  and consult and
          assist the Company in communicating  appropriate information regarding
          such plans,  strategy and  personnel to the financial  community;

          (d) Assist and consult the Company with  respect to its (i)  relations
          with stockholders,  (ii) relations with brokers, dealers, analysts and
          other investment  professionals,  and (iii) financial public relations
          generally;

          (e) Perform the functions generally assigned to stockholder  relations
          and public  relations  departments  in major  corporations,  including
          responding to telephone and written  inquiries  (which may be referred
          to the  Consultant by the Company);  preparing  press releases for the
          Company with the Company's involvement and approval of press releases,
          reports  and  other  communications  with  or  to  shareholders,   the
          investment  community and the general public;  consulting with respect
          to the timing,  form,  distribution  and other matters related to such
          releases,  reports and  communications;  and, at the Company's request
          and subject to the Company's securing its own rights to the use of its
          names, marks, and logos, consulting with respect to corporate symbols,
          logos,  names, the presentation of such symbols,  logos and names, and
          other  matters  relating  to  corporate  image;

          (f) Upon  and  with the  Company's  direction  and  written  approval,
          disseminate   information   regarding  the  Company  to  shareholders,
          brokers,  dealers,  other investment  community  professionals and the
          general investing public;

          (g) Upon and with the Company's direction, conduct meetings, in person
          or by telephone,  with brokers, dealers, analysts and other investment
          professionals  to communicate with them regarding the Company's plans,
          goals and  activities,  and assist the Company in preparing  for press
          conferences   and  other  forums   involving  the  media,   investment
          professionals and the general  investment public;

          (h) At the  Company's  request,  review  business  plans,  strategies,
          mission statements budgets,  proposed transactions and other plans for
          the  purpose  of  advising   the  Company  of  the  public   relations
          implications  thereof;  and,

          (i) Otherwise perform as the Company's consultant for public relations
          and relations with financial professionals.

3.  Allocation of Time and Energies.  The Consultant  hereby promises to perform
and  discharge  faithfully  the  responsibilities  which may be  assigned to the
Consultant from time to time by the officers and duly authorized representatives
of the  Company  in  connection  with the  conduct of its  financial  and public
relations  and  communications  activities,  so long as such  activities  are in
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations. Consultant and staff
shall  diligently  and  thoroughly  provide  the  consulting  services  required
hereunder.  Although no specific  hours-per-day  requirement  will be  required,
Consultant  and the Company  agree that  Consultant  will perform the duties set
forth  herein  above  in  a  diligent  and  professional   manner.  The  parties
acknowledge and agree that a disproportionately large amount of the effort to be
expended and the costs to be incurred by the  Consultant  and the benefits to be
received by the Company are expected to occur within or shortly  after the first
two months of the effectiveness of this Agreement.  It is explicitly  understood
that neither the price of the Company's  common stock, nor the trading volume of
the Company's  common stock hereunder  measure  Consultant's  performance of its
duties.  It is also  understood that the Company is entering into this Agreement
with  Consultant,  a  corporation  and not any  individual  member  or  employee
thereof,  and,  as such,  Consultant  will not be deemed to have  breached  this
Agreement if any member,  officer or director of the Consultant  leaves the firm
or dies or becomes physically unable to perform any meaningful activities during
the term of the  Agreement,  provided  the  Consultant  otherwise  performs  its
obligations under this Agreement.

4.  Remuneration.  As full and complete  compensation for services  described in
this Agreement, the Company shall compensate Consultant as follows:

For undertaking this engagement,  for previous services rendered,  and for other
good and valuable consideration, the Company agrees to issue to the Consultant a
"Commencement  Bonus"  payable in the form of the  following:

          (1.) Two Hundred  Forty  Thousand  (240,000)  shares of the  Company's
Common Stock ("Common Stock");  and,

          (2.) an Option to purchase 70,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock
at $1.00  per  share,  which  carry a term of four  years  from the date of this
Agreement, vest ratably over a six month period from the date issued, and have a
"net exercise" provision ("Option"). A copy of the Option is attached hereto and
referenced  as  "Exhibit  "A".  This  Commencement  Bonus shall be issued to the
Consultant  immediately  following  execution of this Agreement and shall,  when
issued and delivered to Consultant, be fully paid and non-assessable. The Shares
and the Option hereunder shall be delivered to Consultant as follows:

A total of 150,000  Shares of Common  Stock and the Option shall be delivered to
Consultant upon the execution of this Agreement.

A total  of  45,000  Shares  shall  be  issued  to  Consultant  upon  Consultant
introducing at least 75 investment  professionals (such as retail stock brokers,
buy side and sell  side  analysts,  portfolio  managers,  investment  newsletter
writers,  investment  bankers,  etc.) during the first month of this  Agreement.
Consultant  shall email or fax to Company,  on a daily  basis,  each  individual
investment  professional  that it has introduced.  Upon the  introduction of the
75th such investment  professional,  the Company shall deliver the 45,000 Shares
to Consultant.

A total  of  45,000  Shares  shall  be  issued  to  Consultant  upon  Consultant
introducing at least 150 individual  investment  professionals  during the first
two months of this  Agreement.  Upon the  introduction  of the 150th  investment
professional, the Company shall deliver the 45,000 Shares to Consultant.

The Company  understands  and agrees that  Consultant  has foregone  significant
opportunities to accept this engagement and that the Company derives substantial
benefit  from the  execution of this  Agreement  and the ability to announce its
relationship with Consultant.  The 240,000 shares of Common Stock and the Option
issued as a Commencement Bonus,  therefore,  constitute payment for Consultant's
agreement to consult to the Company and are a nonrefundable,  non-apportionable,
and non-ratable  retainer;  such shares of common stock are not a prepayment for
future  services.  If the Company  decides to terminate this Agreement  prior to
July 30,  2003 for any  reason  whatsoever,  it is agreed  and  understood  that
Consultant will not be requested or demanded by the Company to return any of the
shares of Common Stock or the Option paid to it as Commencement Bonus hereunder,
provided however, that Company shall have no obligation to deliver to Consultant
any of the 90,000 Shares not issued or issuable to Consultant  which have yet to
be earned.  Further,  if and in the event the Company is acquired in whole or in
part, during the term of this Agreement,  it is agreed and understood Consultant
will not be requested or demanded by the Company to return any of the issued and
delivered 240,000 shares of Common stock or the Option paid to it hereunder.

         4.2 For  performance  under this agreement on a  month-to-month  basis,
Company will pay  Consultant a cash fee in the amount of $6,000 per month.  This
Consultancy Fee shall be issued to the Consultant on a monthly basis,  the first
monthly  payment due and payable upon the  execution of this  Agreement and each
following  monthly  payment  payable in full on the first day of the  respective
month.  The monthly  Consultancy  Fee shall  continue to be paid monthly for the
duration of this  Consulting  Agreement.  The Company  shall not be obligated to
Consultant for any monthly cash fee for any month or part thereof remaining from
the date of any cancellation to July 30, 2003.

         4.3 The Company or its assigns agrees that it will include, in the next
 Registration  Statement filed by the Company with the SEC on Forms SB-1,  SB-2,
 SB-3 or other  appropriate  form relating to the resale of  restricted  shares,
 both the Common Stock issued to Consultant pursuant to this Agreement,  as well
 as the shares of the Company's common stock underlying the Option issued to the
 Consultant hereunder.  The Company agrees to file such a registration statement
 no later than  November  30, 2003.  Consultant  agrees that it will not sell or
 transfer any of the Common Stock issued to it hereunder prior to the earlier of
 July 30, 2003 or the termination of this Agreement by the Company.

         4.4 With each  transfer of shares of Common  Stock and the Option to be
issued pursuant to this Agreement  (collectively,  the "Shares"),  Company shall
cause to be issued a  certificate  representing  the Common Stock and the Option
stating  that  said  shares  and  Option  are  validly  issued,  fully  paid and
non-assessable and that the issuance and eventual transfer of them to Consultant
has been duly  authorized by the Company.  Company  warrants that all Shares and
the Option issued to Consultant pursuant to this Agreement shall be or have been
validly issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable  and that the Company's board of
directors  shall have duly  authorized  the issuance and any transfer of them to
Consultant.

         4.5  Consultant  acknowledges  that the  shares of  Common  Stock to be
issued  pursuant to this  Agreement  (collectively,  the "Shares") have not been
registered  under the Securities Act of 1933, and  accordingly  are  "restricted
securities"  within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Act. As such,  the Shares may
not be resold or  transferred  unless the  Company  has  received  an opinion of
counsel  reasonably  satisfactory to the Company that such resale or transfer is
exempt from the registration requirements of that Act.

         4.6 In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  Shares  hereunder,  the
Consultant  represents  and  warrants  to the  Company,  to the best of  its/his
knowledge, as follows:

(a)       Consultant  acknowledges  that the  Consultant  has been  afforded the
          opportunity  to  ask  questions  of  and  receive  answers  from  duly
          authorized officers or other representatives of the Company concerning
          an investment in the Shares,  and any additional  information that the
          Consultant has requested.

(b)       Consultant's  investment  in  restricted  securities  is reasonable in
          relation to the Consultant's net worth, which is in excess of ten (10)
          times the  Consultant's  cost basis in the Shares.  Consultant has had
          experience  in   investments   in  restricted   and  publicly   traded
          securities,  and  Consultant  has had  experience  in  investments  in
          speculative  securities and other investments that involve the risk of
          loss of investment.  Consultant acknowledges that an investment in the
          Shares is  speculative  and involves the risk of loss.  Consultant has
          the  requisite  knowledge to assess the  relative  merits and risks of
          this investment  without the necessity of relying upon other advisors,
          and Consultant can afford the risk of loss of his entire investment in
          the Shares.  Consultant is (i) an accredited investor, as that term is
          defined in Regulation D promulgated  under the Securities Act of 1933,
          and  (ii) a  purchaser  described  in  Section  25102  (f)  (2) of the
          California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended.

(c)       Consultant  is acquiring the Shares for the  Consultant's  own account
          for  long-term  investment  and  not  with a  view  toward  resale  or
          distribution  thereof except in accordance with applicable  securities
          laws.

5. Finder's Fee. If in the course of completing  its duties as set forth in this
Agreement  the  Consultant  introduces  Company,  or its  nominees,  to a party,
including but not limited to a lender or equity purchaser,  not already having a
proven  preexisting  relationship  with the Company,  with whom Company,  or its
nominees,  ultimately  finances  or causes  the  completion  of such  financing,
Company agrees to compensate  Consultant for such services with a "finder's fee"
in the amount of 5% of total  gross  funding  provided  by such lender or equity
purchaser, such fee to be payable in cash.

(a)       It is understood that in the event Consultant introduces Company to an
          intermediary  or  broker  dealer,  not  already  having a  preexisting
          relationship  with  Company,  with  whom  Company,  or  its  nominees,
          ultimately  finances  or  causes  the  completion  of such  financing,
          Company  agrees to  compensate  Consultant  for such  services  with a
          "finder's  fee" in the amount of 2.5% of total gross funding  provided
          by such intermediary or broker dealer, such fee to be payable in cash.
          This  will be in  addition  to any fees  payable  by  Company  to said
          intermediary  or broker  dealer,  if any,  which shall be per separate
          agreements  negotiated  between Company and such other intermediary or
          broker dealer.

(b)       It is also understood that in the event Consultant directly introduces
          Company,  or its nominees,  to a merger and/or acquisition  candidate,
          not already having a preexisting  relationship with Company, with whom
          Company,  or its  nominees,  ultimately  is  acquired,  or  with  whom
          Company,  or its nominees  acquires or causes the  completion  of such
          acquisition, Company agrees to compensate Consultant for such services
          with a "finder's fee" in the amount of 4% of total gross consideration
          provided by such merger and/or acquisition,  such fee to be payable in
          the same form of consideration received by Company.

(c)       It is also understood that in the event Consultant introduces Company,
          or its nominees,  to a merger and/or acquisition  candidate indirectly
          through  another  intermediary,   not  already  having  a  preexisting
          relationship  with  Company,  with  whom  Company,  or  its  nominees,
          ultimately is acquired, or with whom Company, or its nominees acquires
          or  causes  the  completion  of such  acquisition,  Company  agrees to
          compensate  Consultant  for such services with a "finder's fee" in the
          amount of 2% of total  gross  consideration  provided  by such  merger
          and/or  acquisition,  such  fee to be  payable  in the  same  form  of
          consideration  received  by  Company.  This will be in addition to any
          fees payable by Company to any other intermediary, if any, which shall
          be in accordance with separate  agreements  negotiated between Company
          and such other intermediary.

(d)       It is understood that in the event Consultant  introduces Company to a
          strategic  or  business  partner,  not  already  having a  preexisting
          relationship  with  Company,  with  whom  Company,  or  its  nominees,
          ultimately  enters  into  a  business  alliance,   Company  agrees  to
          compensate Consultant,  for such services with a "finder's fee" in the
          amount  of 3%  of  total  gross  revenue  provided  by  such  business
          alliance,  for  the  life of the  business  alliance,  such  fee to be
          payable in cash within 10 days of Company's receipt of said revenue.

         5.1 It is further  understood  that  Company,  and not  Consultant,  is
responsible  to perform any and all due  diligence on such  intermediary  broker
dealer,  lender, equity purchaser or acquisition/merger  candidate introduced to
it by  Consultant  under this  Agreement,  prior to Company  receiving  funds or
closing on any  acquisition/merger.  However,  Consultant will not introduce any
parties  to  Company  about  which   Consultant  has  any  prior   knowledge  of
questionable, unethical or illicit activities.

         5.2 Company agrees that said  compensation to Consultant  shall be paid
in full at the  time  said  financing  or  acquisition/merger  is  closed,  such
compensation to be transferred by Company to Consultant within five (5) business
days of the closing of a financing, merger or acquisition transaction.

         5.3 As further  consideration to Consultant,  Company,  or its nominees
and assigns,  agrees to pay with respect to any financing or  acquisition/merger
candidate  provided  directly or indirectly to the Company by any  broker/dealer
intermediary,  lender or equity  purchaser  covered by this Section 5 during the
period  commencing at the effective  date of this Agreement and ending two years
from  the  termination  of this  Agreement,  a fee to  Consultant  equal to that
outlined in Section 5 herein.

         5.4 Consultant will notify Company,  in writing,  of  introductions  it
makes for potential  sources of financing or  acquisitions/mergers  or strategic
partners in a timely manner (within  approximately 3 days of  introduction)  via
confirmed  delivery of a facsimile  memo or email.  If Company has a preexisting
relationship  with such nominee and believes  such party should be excluded from
this Agreement,  then Company will notify Consultant  immediately within two (2)
business  days of  Consultant's  facsimile to Company of such  circumstance  via
facsimile memo or email.

         5.5 It is  specifically  understood that Consultant is not and does not
hold itself out be a Broker/Dealer, but is rather merely a "Finder" in reference
to the Company procuring  financing sources and  acquisition/merger  candidates,
and Consultant does not normally provide such services. The Consultant will only
be  introducing  the  Company  to  such  potential  entities  and  will  not  be
responsible  for the  structuring  of any  transaction.  Any obligation to pay a
"Finder's Fee" hereunder shall survive the merging, acquisition, or other change
in the form of entity of the  Company  and to the extent it remains  unfulfilled
shall be assigned and  transferred to any successor to the Company.  The Company
agrees that no reference to the Consultant  will be made in any press release or
advertisement of any transaction  without the express approval,  in writing,  of
such release by Consultant.

         5.6  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the maximum finder's fee computed
individually  or  collectively  in Sections 5.  through and  including  5.5, and
payable by the Company to Consultant  hereunder  for the term of this  Agreement
including any extensions thereof, shall be $500,000, except for the finder's fee
related to a merger or acquisition as provided in Section 5(b) and 5(c), above.

6. Non-Assignability of Services.  Consultant's services under this contract are
offered to Company  only and may not be  assigned  by Company to any entity with
which Company merges or which acquires the Company or  substantially  all of its
assets  wherein  the  Company  becomes a minority  constituent  of the  combined
Company.  In the  event of such  merger  or  acquisition,  all  compensation  to
Consultant  herein  under the  schedules  set forth  herein shall remain due and
payable, and any compensation  received by the Consultant may be retained in the
entirety by  Consultant,  all without any reduction or  pro-rating  and shall be
considered  and  remain  fully  paid  and  non-assessable.  Notwithstanding  the
non-assignability  of  Consultant's  services,  Company shall assure that in the
event of any merger,  acquisition, or similar change of form of entity, that its
successor  entity  shall  agree  to  complete  all  obligations  to  Consultant,
including  the  provision  and  transfer  of all  compensation  herein,  and the
preservation  of the  value  thereof  consistent  with  the  rights  granted  to
Consultant by the Company  herein,  and to  Shareholders.  Consultant  shall not
assign its rights or delegate  its duties  hereunder  without the prior  written
consent of Company.

7.  Expenses.  Consultant  agrees to pay for all its expenses  (phone,  mailing,
labor, etc.), other than extraordinary items (travel required by/or specifically
requested  by the Company,  luncheons  or dinners to large groups of  investment
professionals,   mass  faxing  to  a  sizable   percentage   of  the   Company's
constituents,  investor conference calls, print  advertisements in publications,
etc.)  approved by the Company in writing  prior to its  incurring an obligation
for  reimbursement.  The Company agrees and understands that Consultant will not
be responsible for preparing or mailing due diligence  and/or investor  packages
on the  Company,  and that the Company  will have some means to prepare and mail
out investor packages at the Company's expense.

8.   Indemnification.   The  Company  warrants  and  represents  that  all  oral
communications,  written  documents or materials  furnished to Consultant or the
public  by  the  Company  with  respect  to   financial   affairs,   operations,
profitability and strategic planning of the Company are accurate in all material
respects and Consultant may rely upon the accuracy  thereof without  independent
investigation.  The Company will protect, indemnify and hold harmless Consultant
against any claims or  litigation  including  any damages,  liability,  cost and
reasonable  attorney's  fees as incurred  with respect  thereto  resulting  from
Consultant's  communication or dissemination of any said information,  documents
or materials excluding any such claims or litigation resulting from Consultant's
communication  or dissemination of information not provided or authorized by the
Company.

9.  Representations.  Consultant  represents that it is not required to maintain
any licenses and registrations under federal or any state regulations  necessary
to perform the services set forth herein.  Consultant  acknowledges that, to the
best of its  knowledge,  the  performance  of the  services set forth under this
Agreement will not violate any rule or provision of any regulatory agency having
jurisdiction over Consultant.  Consultant  acknowledges that, to the best of its
knowledge,  Consultant and its officers and directors are not the subject of any
investigation,  claim,  decree or judgment involving any violation of the SEC or
securities laws.  Consultant  further  acknowledges  that it is not a securities
Broker Dealer or a registered investment advisor.  Company acknowledges that, to
the best of its knowledge, that it has not violated any rule or provision of any
regulatory  agency having  jurisdiction over the Company.  Company  acknowledges
that,  to  the  best  of  its  knowledge,  Company  is not  the  subject  of any
investigation,  claim,  decree or judgment involving any violation of the SEC or
securities laws.

10.  Legal  Representation.  Company and  Consultant  represents  that they have
consulted  with  independent  legal counsel  and/or tax,  financial and business
advisors, to the extent that they deemed necessary.

11. Status as Independent  Contractor.  Consultant's engagement pursuant to this
Agreement shall be as independent contractor, and not as an employee, officer or
other agent of the Company.  Neither party to this Agreement  shall represent or
hold itself out to be the employer or employee of the other.  Consultant further
acknowledges  the  consideration  provided  hereinabove  is a  gross  amount  of
consideration and that the Company will not withhold from such consideration any
amounts as to income taxes, social security payments or any other payroll taxes.
All such income  taxes and other such  payment  shall be made or provided for by
Consultant and the Company shall have no responsibility or duties regarding such
matters.  Neither the Company nor the Consultant possesses the authority to bind
each other in any agreements  without the express  written consent of the entity
to be bound.

12.  Attorney's Fee. If any legal action or any arbitration or other  proceeding
is brought for the enforcement or interpretation  of this Agreement,  or because
of an alleged dispute,  breach,  default or misrepresentation in connection with
or related to this  Agreement,  the  successful  or  prevailing  party  shall be
entitled to recover  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and other costs in  connection
with that action or  proceeding,  in addition to any other relief to which it or
they may be entitled.

13.  Waiver.  The waiver by either  party of a breach of any  provision  of this
Agreement  by the other party shall not operate or be  construed  as a waiver of
any subsequent breach by such other party.

14. Notices. All notices,  requests, and other communications hereunder shall be
deemed to be duly given if sent by U.S. mail, postage prepaid,  addressed to the
other party at the address as set forth herein below:

                                    To the Company:

                                    Path1 Network Technologies, Inc.
                                    Frederick Cary, CEO
                                    6215 Ferris Square; Suite 140
                                    San Diego, CA 92121

                                    To the Consultant:

                                    The Del Mar Consulting Group, Inc.
                                    Robert B. Prag, President
                                    2455 El Amigo Road
                                    Del Mar, CA 92014

It is  understood  that either party may change the address to which notices for
it shall be addressed  by providing  notice of such change to the other party in
the manner set forth in this paragraph.

15. Choice of Law,  Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by,
construed and enforced in accordance  with the laws of the State of  California.
The parties  agree that San Diego  County,  CA. will be the venue of any dispute
and will have jurisdiction over all parties.

16.  Arbitration.  Any  controversy  or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or the alleged breach thereof, or relating to Consultant's activities
or remuneration under this Agreement, shall be settled by binding arbitration in
California,  in accordance with the applicable rules of the American Arbitration
Association,  and judgment on the award rendered by the  arbitrator(s)  shall be
binding on the parties and may be entered in any court  having  jurisdiction  as
provided by  Paragraph  14 herein.  The  provisions  of Title 9 of Part 3 of the
California Code of Civil Procedure,  including  section  1283.05,  and successor
statutes,  permitting expanded discovery  proceedings shall be applicable to all
disputes that are arbitrated under this paragraph.

17.  Complete  Agreement.  This Agreement  contains the entire  agreement of the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement and its terms may
not be changed  orally but only by an agreement  in writing  signed by the party
against  whom  enforcement  of any waiver,  change,  modification,  extension or
discharge is sought.


<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first above written.

AGREED TO:
COMPANY:

PATH 1 NETWORK TECHNOLOGIES INC.


By:    /s/ Frederick Cary
    ----------------------------------------------------------
Name:    Frederick Cary
Title:   CEO and its Duly Authorized Agent

CONSULTANT:

THE DEL MAR CONSULTING GROUP, INC.


By:    /s/ Robert B. Prag
    ----------------------------------------------------------
Name:    Robert B. Prag
Title:   President and its Duly Authorized Agent


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
