<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.56
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>a87431exv10w56.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.56
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.56

[LETTER HEAD OF WESTERN DIGITAL]

October 30, 2002

Mr. Charles William Frank
62 Wheeler Ave
Irvine CA 92620-3296

Dear Bill:

This letter, when signed by you, constitutes the agreement (the "Agreement")
relative to your resignation from Western Digital Corporation ("WDC") and
Western Digital Technologies, Inc. ("WDT" and, collectively with WDC, the
"Company"). In consideration for the covenants and releases contained herein,
you and the Company agree as follows:

1.       PAYMENT PERIOD. You will resign your position as Vice President and
         Chief Technology Officer of WDC and WTC effective Monday, September 30,
         2002. Solely for purposes of the payments and benefits described
         herein, you will continue to be treated as if you were an employee,
         subject to the limitations below, until the earlier of September 30,
         2003, or your death (the "Payment Period"). During the Payment Period,
         you shall not be an employee of WDC nor required to perform services
         for WDC, except pursuant to the consulting arrangement set forth in
         Section 3 of this Agreement.

2.       STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED SHARES.

         (a)      During the Payment Period, any stock options previously
                  granted to you under the Company's Employee Stock Option Plan
                  and the Company's subsidiary's Stock Incentive Plans
                  (collectively, the "Options") will continue to vest in
                  accordance with their terms. At the end of the Payment Period,
                  all of your Options will become fully vested, and you will
                  have up to three (3) years following September 30, 2003, to
                  exercise any or all such Options or, in the event of your
                  death, such longer period as may be provided in the Options. A
                  stock option summary and detailed schedule setting forth these
                  Options, their grant dates, exercise prices, and vesting
                  schedules is being delivered to you separately and is
                  incorporated herein by reference.

         (b)      At the end of the Payment Period all remaining unvested
                  restricted stock (the "Restricted Shares") awarded you in
                  December 2000 will vest.

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 2

         (c)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if
                  you breach any of your covenants set forth in paragraphs 10,
                  11, 12, or 14 hereof, (i) any unexercised Options shall be
                  deemed immediately canceled and shall no longer be
                  exercisable, (ii) the Restricted Shares shall be deemed
                  immediately canceled, and (iii) WDC and/or WDT shall have the
                  right to recover any profits realized by you as a result of
                  the exercise of Options or the sale of Restricted Shares or of
                  shares received pursuant to the exercise of Options during the
                  six month period prior to the date of any such breach, as
                  determined by the Board of Directors.

3.       COMPENSATION.

         (a)      You will be paid $275,000.00 in wage continuation based on
                  your current base salary. The delivery vehicle for such wage
                  continuation will be the Company's current bi-weekly payroll
                  process. Notwithstanding that you will not be an employee, you
                  agree to have tax withholding and other payroll deductions
                  made at the present rates, subject to any changes you wish to
                  make in accordance with Company policies.

         (b)      In consideration of this Agreement, you agree to provide, if
                  requested by the Company, up to ten (10) hours per month of
                  consulting services related to your present areas of
                  responsibility, which include, without limiting the generality
                  of the foregoing, the matters in development in the Chief
                  Technology Officer department and patent prosecution matters.

                  You shall be available for the performance of consulting
                  services hereunder at reasonable times convenient to you. The
                  Company acknowledges that you may have other business and
                  personal obligations, and that your duties under this
                  Agreement shall be scheduled in a manner to avoid a conflict
                  with those other obligations.

4.       BENEFITS. During the Payment Period you will continue to receive
         benefits accorded to employees generally, other than vacation accruals,
         and benefits accorded to you and other executives in comparable pay
         grades ("special benefits"), provided that such special benefits
         continue to be furnished to executives generally in comparable pay
         grades. These include:

         (a)      Your flex benefit allowance.

         (b)      Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) will continue and
                  deductions will be made from your wage continuation checks.

         (c)      401(k) participation and Western Digital employer match will
                  continue with deductions coming from your wage continuation
                  checks.

         (d)      Financial planning assistance of up to $7,000 per fiscal year.

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 3

         (e)      Supplemental executive medical coverage of up to $5,000 per
                  fiscal year.

         If any benefits (including special benefits) are discontinued and
         adjustments are made to compensation or benefits of employees
         generally, or of executives in comparable pay grades, in lieu of the
         discontinued benefits, and if such discontinuances apply to you under
         this Agreement, then in such instances like adjustments will be made to
         payments or benefits accorded to you with respect to the Payment
         Period. The foregoing shall include surrenders, cancellations or
         changes in options that accomplish a change in an option strike price
         for the benefit of employees or executives. No actions will be taken
         with respect to the moneys payable or the benefits accorded to you that
         are intended to affect adversely only you or other terminating
         employees, unless such actions are taken as a result of a material
         breach by you of any of your obligations under this Agreement. Should
         you take another position prior to the expiration of wage continuation
         as an employee of a company with health insurance coverages, Western
         Digital's health coverages stop at the end of the month in which you
         start to work for the other company. Your Western Digital benefits will
         cease sixty (60) days after September 30, 2003, month-end. You may be
         entitled to continued basic health insurance coverage under the
         Company's COBRA plan. If you so elect, this continuation will be on
         terms consistent with applicable federal laws and regulations. If you
         elect and are eligible to continue this coverage, you will be charged a
         monthly premium to cover the cost of providing this insurance including
         a small administrative fee. Our benefits administration staff will give
         you complete details in this regard.

5.       CONFIDENTIALITY AND COMMUNICATIONS. You and the Company agree that the
         terms of this Agreement will be held in confidence except to the extent
         that disclosures may be required by government regulations or judicial
         process or to receive tax, legal or financial advice. References that
         may request information about your employment will be referred to the
         Vice President of Human Resources.

6.       VACATION. By September 30, 2002, you will be paid all accrued and
         unused vacation. Although you will continue on the Company payroll
         through September 30, 2003, you will accrue no more vacation subsequent
         to September 30, 2002.

7.       INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN (ICP). Any distribution to which you become
         entitled as a result of awards under the Incentive Compensation Plan
         ("ICP") for the six-month period ending December 31, 2002, will be made
         to you in accordance with the terms of the ICP, except that you will be
         entitled to an amount equal to 1/2 of any amount for the period. You
         will not be eligible to participate in the ICP beyond that date.
         Calculation for the payment will be made at the end of the ICP period
         and paid at such time as all then-current employees.

8.       OUTPLACEMENT SERVICES. The Company will provide executive outplacement
         assistance through Lee Hecht Harrison, Right Management Consultants, or
         another firm of your

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 4

         choosing to assist you in finding another position. These services may
         begin anytime prior to September 30, 2003. Contact the Vice President
         of Human Resources for assistance with these arrangements.

9.       INDEMNIFICATION AND ASSISTANCE.

         (a)      If you are subjected to any claim or demand involving any
                  action or inaction allegedly taken by you during the course of
                  your employment or directorship with the Company, you will be
                  entitled to all rights of indemnification that may then be
                  available to other executive officers or directors of the
                  Company, including, without limitation, insurance protection
                  under any director and/or officer liability insurance coverage
                  maintained by the Company or any subsidiary and any rights to
                  indemnification provided by applicable law or the By-laws of
                  the Company or any subsidiary, and the Company will, and shall
                  cause any subsidiary to, cooperate fully with you in
                  responding to or defending against any such claim or demand.

         (b)      During the Payment Period and thereafter, you agree to make
                  yourself available to respond to inquiries by the Company
                  regarding management, regulatory, and legal activities of
                  which you acquired knowledge while employed by the Company.
                  You agree to make yourself available, without the requirement
                  of being subpoenaed, to confer with counsel at reasonable
                  times and locations and upon reasonable notice concerning any
                  knowledge you have or may have with respect to actual and/or
                  potential disputes arising out of the activities of the
                  Company during the period you were employed by the Company.
                  You further agree to submit to deposition and/or testimony in
                  accordance with the laws of the forum involved concerning any
                  knowledge you have or may have with respect to actual and/or
                  potential disputes arising out of the activities of the
                  Company during the period you were employed by the Company.

10.      NON-COMPETITION. You acknowledge that you have in your capacity as an
         officer and director of the Company been given access to, and possess
         knowledge of, valuable proprietary and confidential information of the
         Company. You acknowledge that it would be impossible for you to provide
         work, advice, consulting, or other services to a competitor of the
         Company, whether as an employee, independent contractor, adviser,
         volunteer, director or in any other capacity, for any individual,
         partnership, corporation, or other business entity, without using,
         disclosing, evaluating or relying upon the Company's proprietary and
         confidential information. Accordingly, you agree that during the
         Payment Period and for a period of one (1) year thereafter you will not
         directly or indirectly, whether for your own account or as an employee,
         director, consultant or advisor, provide services to any business or
         engage in any business which at the time of commencement of such
         services is, or is expected to be, competitive with the Company's or
         any of its subsidiaries' product lines or business activities, unless
         you obtain the prior written consent of the Company's Chief Executive
         Officer. This includes but is not limited to the following businesses
         or

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 5

         entities: (i) Maxtor Corporation; (ii) Seagate Technologies; (iii)
         Fujitsu Hard Drive Division; (iv) Samsung Hard Drive Division; (v)
         SonicBlue Corporation; (vi) IBM Hard Drive Division, and (vii) Hitachi
         Hard Drive Division.

         Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit you from having any ownership
         or financial interest in Zetera Corporation following the closing of
         the asset sale transaction pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase
         Agreement by and between Zetera Corporation and Western Digital
         Technologies, Inc. (the "Asset Purchase Agreement"). The parties
         acknowledge that pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, if and when
         it is executed and delivered, Zetera will acquire certain microsan
         technology of Western Digital Technologies, Inc. In addition, if the
         Asset Purchase Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties
         thereto, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit you from providing
         work, advice, consulting or other services to any venture that acquires
         some or all of the microsan technology from Zetera Corporation in a
         transaction in compliance with the provisions of the Asset Purchase
         Agreement, either as an employee, independent contractor, adviser,
         volunteer, director or in any other capacity. Further, if the Asset
         Purchase Agreement is executed and delivered, the obligations you may
         have regarding use or disclosure of confidential information you
         learned about the microsan technology while employed by the Company
         shall be addressed by that certain Limited Release by and between you
         and Western Digital Technologies, Inc. to be entered into by you in
         connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, and this agreement shall
         not supercede such Limited Release.

11.      NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. You agree that during the Payment Period
         and for a period of one (1) year thereafter you will not directly or
         indirectly solicit any individuals to leave the Company's (or any of
         its subsidiaries') employ for any reason or interfere in any other
         manner with the employment relationships at the time existing between
         the Company (or any if its subsidiaries) and its current or prospective
         employees.

         This Agreement shall not prohibit you, on behalf of Zetera Corporation,
         or Zetera Corporation itself, from employing or hiring the following
         named employees to work for, advise, or consult with such business
         venture: Tom Hanan and Tom Ludwig.

12.      NON-SOLICITATION OF BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS. You agree that during the
         Payment Period and for a period of one (1) year thereafter you will not
         induce or attempt to induce any customer, supplier, distributor,
         licensor, licensee or other business relation of the Company (or any of
         its subsidiaries) to cease doing business with the Company (or any of
         its subsidiaries) or in any way interfere with the existing business
         relationship between any such customer, supplier, distributor,
         licensor, licensee or other business relation and the Company (or any
         of its subsidiaries).

13.      IRREPARABLE HARM. You agree that the Company would be irreparably
         harmed by any breach or threatened breach of the agreements in
         Paragraphs 10, 11 and 12 and that, therefore, the Company shall be
         entitled to an injunction prohibiting you from any breach or threatened
         breach of such agreements.

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 6

14.      NON-DISPARAGEMENT. You and the Company agree that each shall not (1)
         directly or indirectly, make or ratify any statement, public or
         private, oral or written, to any person that disparages, either
         professionally or personally, the other party, the other party's
         subsidiaries and affiliates, past and present, and each of them, as
         well as its and their trustees, directors, officers, agents, employees,
         stockholders, representatives, assigns, and successors, past and
         present, and each of them, or (2) make any statement or engage in any
         conduct that has the purpose or effect of disrupting the business of
         the other party, provided, however, that each party shall respond
         accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for
         information when required by legal process.

15.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. When you joined the Company you signed an
         agreement setting forth your obligations to the Company during and
         after your employment. A copy of your agreement is being delivered to
         you separately and is incorporated herein by reference. You understand
         and agree that in the course of your employment with the Company, you
         have acquired confidential information and trade secrets concerning the
         Company's business and financial operating plans and budgets, its
         strategic business plans and those of its subsidiaries, and its
         personnel. You understand and agree it could be extremely damaging to
         the Company if you disclosed such information to a competitor or made
         it available to any other person or company. You understand and agree
         that such information has been divulged to you in confidence, and you
         understand and agree that you will keep such information secret and
         confidential unless disclosure is required by court order or otherwise
         by compulsion of law. In view of the nature of your employment and the
         information and trade secrets which you have had access to during the
         course of your employment, you also agree that the Company would be
         irreparably harmed by any breach, or threatened breach of the
         agreements in this Paragraph and that, therefore, the Company shall be
         entitled to an injunction prohibiting you from any breach or threatened
         breach of such agreements.

16.      RELEASE OF CLAIMS. You agree that pursuant to this Agreement, the
         Company is providing consideration beyond the obligations owed to you
         by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company prior to entering this
         Agreement. You, on behalf of yourself and your heirs, agents,
         representatives, immediate family members, executors, successors, and
         assigns, hereby fully and forever release the Company and its agents,
         directors, employees, attorneys, investors, shareholders,
         administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, parents,
         predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns from, and agree not
         to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be instituted any legal or
         administrative proceedings concerning, any claim, duty, obligation or
         cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently
         known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that you may possess
         against the Company arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have
         occurred up until and including the Effective Date including, without
         limitation,

         (a)      Any and all claims relating to or arising from your
                  relationship with the Company or any subsidiary of the
                  Company, including, but not limited to your resignation from

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 7

                  your position as Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
                  of WDC and WDT during the Payment Period;

         (b)      Any and all claims relating to, or arising from, your right to
                  purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company
                  or any subsidiary of the Company, including, without
                  limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of
                  fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state
                  corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal
                  law;

         (c)      Any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment;
                  termination in violation of public policy; discrimination;
                  breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of a
                  covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and
                  implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional
                  infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional
                  misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with
                  contract or prospective economic advantage; unfair business
                  practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal
                  injury; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; and
                  conversion;

         (d)      Any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or
                  municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of
                  the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991,
                  the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the
                  Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor
                  Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
                  1974, The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act,
                  the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; the California Fair
                  Employment and Housing Act, and the California Labor Code;

         (e)      Any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state
                  constitution;

         (f)      Any and all claims arising out of any other laws and
                  regulations relating to employment or employment
                  discrimination; and

         (g)      Any and all claims for attorneys' fees and costs.

         You and the Company agree that the release set forth in this Paragraph
         shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general
         release as to the matters released. This release does not extend to any
         obligations arising out of or created by this Agreement.

17.      ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF WAIVER OF CLAIMS UNDER ADEA. You acknowledge that you
         are waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the Age
         Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ("ADEA") and that this waiver
         and release is knowing and voluntary. You and the Company agree that
         this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may
         arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. You
         acknowledge that the consideration given for this waiver and release
         Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which you were already
         entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised by this
         writing that (a) you should consult with an attorney prior

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 8

         to executing this Agreement; (b) you have seven (7) days following the
         execution of this Agreement by you to revoke the Agreement; and (c)
         this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation period has
         expired. You acknowledge that under ADEA you have at least twenty-one
         (21) days under which to consider this agreement. After due
         consideration and consultation with your attorney, you have hereby
         knowingly and voluntarily waived this requirement. Any revocation
         should be in writing and delivered in accordance with the notice
         provisions of Paragraph 23 hereof by close of business on the seventh
         day from the date that you sign this Agreement.

18.      CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542. You represent that you are not aware of any
         claim other than the claims that are released by this Agreement. You
         acknowledge that you have been advised by legal counsel and are
         familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542,
         which provides as follows:

             A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES
             NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING
             THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED
             HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

         You, being aware of said code section, agree to expressly waive any
         rights you may have thereunder, as well as under any other federal or
         state statute or common law principles of similar effect.

19.      REMEDIES IN EVENT OF FUTURE DISPUTE.

         (a)      Except as provided in subparagraph (b) below, in the event of
                  any future dispute, controversy or claim between you and the
                  Company, whether arising from or relating to this Agreement,
                  its breach, any matter addressed by this Agreement, your
                  employment with the Company before and through the Payment
                  Period, or otherwise, you and the Company will first attempt
                  to resolve the dispute through confidential non-binding
                  mediation to be conducted in Orange County, California by
                  JAMS-Endispute or such other mediator as you and the Company
                  shall mutually agree upon.

                  If the dispute is not resolved through mediation, you and the
                  Company will submit it to final and binding confidential
                  arbitration to be conducted in Orange County, California by
                  JAMS/Endispute in accordance with the then existing
                  JAMS/Endispute Arbitration Rules and Procedures for Employment
                  Disputes. In the event of such an arbitration proceeding, you
                  and the Company shall select a mutually acceptable neutral
                  arbitrator from among the JAMS/Endispute panel of arbitrators.
                  If you and the Company cannot agree on an arbitrator, the
                  Administrator of JAMS/Endispute shall appoint an arbitrator.
                  None of you, the Company or the arbitrator shall disclose the
                  existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder
                  without the prior written

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                          Page 9

                  consent of both of you and the Company, except as may be
                  compelled by court order. Except as provided herein, the
                  Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and
                  enforcement of such arbitration and all proceedings. The
                  arbitrator shall apply the substantive law (and the law of
                  remedies, if applicable) of the State of California, or
                  Federal law, or both, as applicable, and the arbitrator is
                  without jurisdiction to apply any different substantive law.
                  The arbitrator shall render an award and a written, reasoned
                  opinion in support thereof. Judgment upon the award may be
                  entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. You and the
                  Company intend this arbitration provision to be valid,
                  enforceable, irrevocable and construed as broadly as possible.

         (b)      In the event that a dispute arises concerning compliance with
                  this Agreement, either you or the Company will be entitled to
                  obtain from a court with jurisdiction over you and the Company
                  preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to enjoin or
                  restrict the other party from such breach or to enjoin or
                  restrict a third party from inducing any such breach, and
                  other appropriate relief, including money damages. By seeking
                  any such relief, however, the moving party shall not be
                  relieved of such party's obligation hereunder to have any
                  remaining portion of the controversy resolved by binding
                  confidential arbitration in accordance with subparagraph (a)
                  above.

         (c)      The Company shall pay the forum costs for any such
                  arbitration. The prevailing party in any such arbitration or
                  court proceeding shall be entitled to recover from the losing
                  party such of his or its reasonable costs and expenses,
                  including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection
                  with the arbitration or court proceeding as would be
                  recoverable had such party's claim been brought as a civil
                  action in a court of competent jurisdiction.

20.      ASSIGNMENT. The rights and obligations of the Company under this
         Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the
         present and future subsidiaries of the Company, any and all
         subsidiaries of a subsidiary, all affiliated corporations, and
         successors and assigns of the Company. No assignment of this Agreement
         by the Company will relieve the Company of its obligations. You shall
         not assign any of your rights and/or obligations under this Agreement
         and any such attempted assignment will be void. This Agreement shall be
         binding upon and inure to the benefit of your heirs, executors,
         administrators, or other legal representatives and their legal assigns.

21.      WAIVER. A waiver by either you or the Company of any of the terms or
         conditions of this Agreement in any instance shall not be deemed or
         construed to be a waiver of such term or condition for the future, or
         of any subsequent breach thereof. All remedies, rights, undertakings,
         obligations, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be
         cumulative, and none of them shall be in limitation of any other
         remedy, right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either you or
         the Company.

22.      TAX CONSEQUENCES. The Company makes no representations or warranties
         with respect to the tax consequences of the payment of any sums to you
         under the terms of this Agreement.

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                         Page 10

         You agree and understand that you are responsible for payment, if any,
         of local, state and/or federal taxes on the sums paid hereunder by the
         Company and any penalties or assessments thereon.

23.      COSTS. Except as provided in Paragraph 19 hereof, you and the Company
         shall each bear your own costs, expert fees, attorneys' fees and other
         fees incurred in connection with this Agreement.

24.      NOTICES. All notices required by this Agreement shall by given in
         writing either by personal delivery or by first class mail, return
         receipt requested. Notices shall be addressed as follows:

         To Western Digital:    Western Digital Corporation
                                20511 Lake Forest Drive
                                Lake Forest, CA 92630-7741
                                Attention: Vice President, Human Resources and
                                Administration

         To Mr. Frank:          62 Wheeler Ave
                                Irvine CA  92620-3296

         or in each case to such other address as you or the Company shall
         notify the other. Notice given by personal delivery shall be deemed
         given upon delivery. Notice given by mail shall be deemed given five
         (5) days following the date of mailing.

25.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, including its Attachments and the
         other agreements or plans referred to or incorporated herein,
         represents the entire agreement and understanding between you and the
         Company concerning the subject matter herein, and supersedes and
         replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings.

26.      NO ORAL MODIFICATION. This Agreement may only be modified by a writing
         signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the
         Chief Legal Officer of the Company.

27.      GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal
         substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of
         California.

28.      EFFECTIVE DATE. This Agreement is effective eight days after it has
         been signed by both you and the Company (the "Effective Date").

29.      COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each
         counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and
         shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of you and
         the Company.

30.      VOLUNTARY EXECUTION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement is executed by you
         voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or
         behalf of the Company, with the full

<PAGE>

                                                       Mr. Charles William Frank
                                                                October 30, 2002
                                                                         Page 11

         intent of releasing all claims.  You acknowledge that:

         (a)      You have read this Agreement;

         (b)      You have been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and
                  execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of your own
                  choice or that you have voluntarily declined to seek such
                  counsel;

         (c)      You understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement
                  and of the releases it contains; and

         (d)      You are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this
                  Agreement.

Please indicate your agreement to the above by signing below.

Very truly yours,

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

/s/ David C. Fetah
---------------------------
David C. Fetah
Vice President Human Resources and Administration

I have read and agree to all terms and conditions as outlined above.

  /s/ Charles W. Frank                             10/30/2002
---------------------------------------------------------------------
    Charles William Frank                                 Date

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
