<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-10c.txt
<TEXT>


                                                                 Exhibit 10.10.c

================================================================================



                                 THIRD AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                               CMBS LOAN AGREEMENT


                              FOR A CREDIT FACILITY
                         IN AN AMOUNT UP TO $100,000,000

                           Dated as of August 9, 2002

                                     Between

                               CAPITAL TRUST, INC.
                                   as Borrower


                                       and


                   MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                                    as Lender



================================================================================


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
1.    Amendments.............................................................1

2.    Representations and Warranties.........................................4

3.    Binding Effect; No Waiver; No Partnership; Counterparts................4

4.    Further Agreements.....................................................4

5.    Governing Law..........................................................4

6.    Continuing Effect......................................................4

7.    Conditions Precedent...................................................4


<PAGE>


      THIRD  AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CMBS LOAN  AGREEMENT  dated as of
August 9, 2002  (this  "Agreement")  between  CAPITAL  TRUST,  INC.,  a Maryland
corporation  ("Borrower"),  and  MORGAN  STANLEY  &  CO.  INTERNATIONAL  LIMITED
("Lender") to CMBS Loan Agreement dated as of February 8, 2001 between  Borrower
and Lender as amended  pursuant to that certain  First  Amendment to Amended and
Restated CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16, 2001,  between  Borrower and
Lender and as further  amended  pursuant to that  certain  Second  Amendment  to
Amended and Restated  CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16,  2002,  between
Borrower and Lender (collectively,  the "Original Loan Agreement").  Capitalized
terms used herein  without  definition  have the  meanings  given to them in the
Original  Loan  Agreement.  The  Original  Loan  Agreement,  as  amended by this
Agreement,  and as such  agreement  otherwise  from  time to  time  has  been or
hereafter may be amended, modified,  extended, and supplemented,  is hereinafter
referred to as the "Loan Agreement."

                              PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

      Pursuant  to the  Original  Loan  Agreement  Lender may make loans to fund
Borrower's  acquisition of Eligible  Collateral from time to time subject to the
terms and conditions of the Original Loan Agreement.  Lender and Borrower desire
to amend the Original  Loan  Agreement in order to inter alia,  extend the term,
change the  definition  of the term Lazard  Collateral  and amend certain of the
financial  covenants  therein and such other terms and conditions  applicable to
such modifications.

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.    Amendments. The Original Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

      (a) Defined  Terms.  Subsection  1.01 of the  Original  Loan  Agreement is
hereby amended by:

          (i)  the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the  term
"Additional Lazard Collateral" and the substitution of the following:

      "Additional Lazard Collateral" collectively means, the Eligible Collateral
      set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

          (ii)  the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the term
"Affiliate Credit Facility" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Affiliate   Credit   Facility"  shall  mean  any  one  or  more
      agreements  between  Lender,  or an  Affiliate  of  Lender,  and
      Affiliates  of Borrower  (including,  without  limitation,  that
      certain  (i)  Master  Loan and  Security  Agreement  dated as of
      September  19,  2000,  between CT  Mezzanine  Partners I LLC and
      Lender as amended  pursuant to that certain  First  Amendment to
      Master Loan and  Security  Agreement  dated as of  December  29,
      2000,  as  further  amended  pursuant  to  that  certain  Second
      Amendment  to Master  Loan and  Security  Agreement  dated as of
      February 8, 2001,  as further  amended  pursuant to that certain
      Third  Amendment  dated as of July 16, 2001, as further  amended
      pursuant to that  certain  Fourth  Amendment  to Master Loan and
      Security  Agreement  dated  as of July 16,  2002 and as  further
      amended  pursuant to that certain Fifth Amendment to Master Loan
      and  Security  Agreement  dated as of August 9, 2002,  (ii) that
      certain  CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of  September  19, 2000,
      between CT Mezzanine Partners I LLC and MSIL as amended pursuant
      to that certain First  Amendment to CMBS Loan Agreement dated as
      of February 8, 2001, as further amended pursuant to that certain
      Second  Amendment  to CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16,
      2001,  as  further  amended   pursuant  to  that  certain  Third
      Amendment to CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16, 2002 and
      as further amended  pursuant to that certain Fourth Amendment to
      CMBS  Loan  Agreement  dated as of August 9,  2002,  (iii)  that
      certain Master Loan and Security  Agreement dated as of July 16,
      2001,   between  Lender  and  CTMP  II


<PAGE>


      Funding  Corp.  (MS) as  supplemented  pursuant to that  certain
      Joinder  dated as of January 31, 2002,  by CTMPII FC BLOCK (MS),
      CTMP II Funding Corp. (MS),  CTMPII FC Transpotomac  (MS) and CT
      Mezzanine Partners II LP in favor of Lender,  MSIL and agreed to
      and accepted by Bankers Trust Company and Midland Loan Services,
      Inc.,   as  further   supplemented   pursuant  to  that  certain
      Modification  to  Joinder  dated as of August 9, 2002  among the
      same parties as amended pursuant to that certain First Amendment
      to Master Loan and Security  Agreement dated as of July 16, 2002
      and as further amended pursuant to that certain Second Amendment
      to Master Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 9, 2002
      and (iv) CMBS Loan Agreement dated as of July 16, 2001,  between
      MSIL and CTMP II Funding Corp. (MS)) as supplemented pursuant to
      that certain  Joinder dated as of January 31, 2002, by CTMPII FC
      BLOCK (MS), CTMP II Funding Corp.  (MS),  CTMPII FC Transpotomac
      (MS) and CT Mezzanine Partners II LP in favor of Lender, MSDWMCI
      and agreed to and accepted by Bankers  Trust Company and Midland
      Loan Services,  Inc., as further  supplemented  pursuant to that
      certain Modification to Joinder dated as of August 9, 2002 among
      the same  parties  as amended  pursuant  to that  certain  First
      Amendment to CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16, 2002 and
      as further  amended  pursuant to that certain  Second  Amendment
      dated as of August 9, 2002)  pursuant to which such Affiliate of
      Borrower shall incur Indebtedness to Lender or such Affiliate of
      Lender  and  including,   without  limitation,  any  other  loan
      agreement  or  repurchase   agreement   between  Lender,  or  an
      Affiliate of Lender, and an Affiliate of Borrower.

          (iii) the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the term
"Amortization Period" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Amortization  Period"  shall  mean,  if the  Termination  Date  shall  be
extended in accordance with the terms hereof, the period from and after July 16,
2003 to, but not including, April 16, 2004.

          (iv) the  deletion of the words "June 30, 2001" in  subsection  (B) of
the  definition  of the  term  "Eurodollar  Rate  Spread"  and the  substitution
therefor with the words "July 16, 2003."

          (v)  the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the  term
"Termination Date" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Termination Date" shall mean July 16, 2003 or such earlier date
      on which this Loan Agreement  shall terminate in accordance with
      the provisions hereof or by operation of law; provided, however,
      that in the event  that (i) this  Agreement  shall not have been
      earlier  terminated  and (ii) no Default shall have occurred and
      be continuing on July 16, 2003,  the  Termination  Date shall be
      automatically extended to April 16, 2004.

      (vi) The deletion in its entirety of the  definition of the term "Tangible
Net Worth" and the substitution thereof of the following:

      "Tangible Net Worth" shall mean, as of a particular date,

      (a) all amounts included in stockholder's equity plus the aggregate amount
recorded for  convertible  trust  preferred  securities,  on a balance  sheet of
Borrower at such date, determined in accordance with GAAP, less

      (b) (i) amounts  owing to Borrower  from  Affiliates  and (ii)  intangible
assets.

          (vii) the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the term
"Total Indebtedness" and the substitution therefor of the following:


                                       2
<PAGE>


      "Total  Indebtedness"  shall mean,  at any date,  the  aggregate
      Indebtedness  of  Borrower  during  such  period   (specifically
      excluding any amount  recorded on the  Borrower's  balance sheet
      for convertible trust preferred securities),  less the amount of
      any nonspecific  balance sheet reserves maintained in accordance
      with GAAP.

      (b) Loans. Paragraph (a) of subsection 2.01 of the Original Loan Agreement
is hereby  amended by the  deletion in the first  sentence  thereof of the words
"June 30, 2001" and the substitution therefor of the words "July 16, 2003."

      (c)  Subsection  2.02 of the Original Loan  Agreement is hereby deleted in
its entirety and the following subsection shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

            "(a) The Loans  made by  Lender  shall be  evidenced  by a
      single promissory note of Borrower  substantially in the form of
      Exhibit A hereto,  dated the date  hereof,  payable to Lender in
      the   principal   amount   of  One   Hundred   Million   Dollars
      ($100,000,000.00),  as otherwise duly completed. Notwithstanding
      the  foregoing,  provided  that no  Default  or Event of Default
      shall have  occurred  and be  continuing  hereunder or under any
      Affiliate  Credit Facility,  Borrower may request,  upon no less
      than ten (10) Business Days prior  written  notice  delivered to
      Lender,   that  the  aggregate   credit  available  to  Borrower
      hereunder,  under  the  Conduit  Loan  Agreement  and  under any
      Affiliate  Credit  Agreement  be  reallocated  among such credit
      agreements;  provided,  however,  that  in no  event  shall  the
      Maximum  Credit plus (i) the  aggregate  of the  Maximum  Credit
      hereunder and the Maximum Credit (as such term is defined in the
      Conduit Loan  Agreement)  under the Conduit Loan  Agreement plus
      (ii) the  aggregate  Maximum  Credit (as such term is defined in
      any  Affiliate  Credit  Facility)  under any existing  Affiliate
      Credit Facility,  exceed Three Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars
      ($350,000,000.00).  In the event (i) that the Maximum  Credit is
      increased  or  decreased  as a result of a  reallocation  of the
      Maximum Credit available hereunder or under any Affiliate Credit
      Facility,  Borrower  shall  deliver to Lender a substitute  Note
      evidencing  such increase or decrease and such other  documents,
      certificates  and  amendments  as Lender shall  request.  Lender
      shall have the right to have its Note  subdivided,  by  exchange
      for promissory  notes of lesser  denominations  or otherwise and
      shall  have the right to sell  participating  interests  in such
      Note; provided,  however,  that Lender must retain (i) in excess
      of fifty percent (50%)  ownership  interest in the Note and (ii)
      have control over all decisions with respect to loan pricing and
      the   exercise  of  remedies   with  respect  to  each  item  of
      Collateral;  and  provided,  further,  however,  that Lender may
      subject  up to one  hundred  percent  (100%) of the  Loans  made
      hereunder to a repurchase agreement."

            (b) The date,  amount and interest  rate of each Loan made
      by Lender to  Borrower,  and each payment made on account of the
      principal thereof, shall be recorded by Lender from time to time
      on  its  internal  books  and  records  (whether  electronic  or
      otherwise).  Failure of Lender to make such  notation  shall not
      affect the obligations of Borrower to make a payment when due of
      any amount  owing  hereunder or under the Note in respect of the
      Loans.  Borrower  agrees that Lender's books and records showing
      the MS  Indebtedness  pursuant  to this Loan  Agreement  and the
      other  Loan  Documents  shall be  admissible  in any  action  or
      proceeding  arising therefrom,  and shall constitute  rebuttably
      presumptive  proof  thereof,  irrespective  of  whether  any  MS
      Indebtedness  is also  evidenced by a  promissory  note or other
      instrument.  Lender  will  provide  to the  Borrower  a  monthly
      statement of Loans, payments, and other transactions pursuant to
      this Loan  Agreement.  Failure by Lender to provide such monthly
      statement shall not effect the obligations of Borrower to make a
      payment when due of any amount owing hereunder or under the Note
      in respect of the Loans. Such statement shall be deemed correct,
      accurate, and binding on Borrower absent manifest error."


                                       3
<PAGE>


      (d)  Subsections  3.01(a) of the Original Loan Agreement is hereby deleted
in its entirety and the following subsection shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

            "(a)  Borrower  hereby  promises  to  repay in full on the
      Termination Date the aggregate  outstanding  principal amount of
      the Loans; provided,  however, in the event the Termination Date
      shall be  extended  to April  16,  2004  pursuant  to the  terms
      hereof,  Borrower  promises  to repay such  aggregate  principal
      amount of the Loans  outstanding on July 16, 2003 by the payment
      on the first Business Day of each month during the  Amortization
      Period  beginning  with  August 1,  2003 and on the  Termination
      Date, as extended  (each,  an  "Installment  Date") of an amount
      equal to the quotient of (x) the aggregate  principal  amount of
      the Loans  outstanding  as at July 16, 2003  divided by (y) nine
      (9) (such schedule of payments,  the  "Amortization  Schedule");
      provided,  further,  that in the event that Borrower shall repay
      any portion of the outstanding  principal in an amount in excess
      of the  amount  then  due and  payable  in  accordance  with the
      Amortization   Schedule,  the  Amortization  Schedule  shall  be
      recalculated such that Borrower shall repay the principal amount
      of the Loans  outstanding on the date of such  repayment  (after
      taking  such  repayment  into  account)  by the  payment on each
      Installment  Date  remaining  in the  Amortization  Period of an
      amount  equal to the  quotient  of (x) the  aggregate  principal
      amount of the Loans  outstanding  on the date of such  repayment
      (after taking such  repayment  into account)  divided by (y) the
      number of Installment  Dates remaining  during the  Amortization
      Period.  Any  repayment  of the  principal  of the Loans made by
      Borrower to Lender  subsequent to an  Installment  Date shall be
      credited at the time of such  payment and applied to the payment
      due on next succeeding Installment Date."

      (e) Section 6.14 of the Original Loan  Agreement is hereby  deleted in its
entirety and the following subsection shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

      "Tangible Net Worth. On the date hereof,  the Tangible Net Worth
      is not less than the sum of $200,000,000."

      (f) Section  7.12 of the Original  Loan and  Security  Agreement is hereby
deleted in its  entirety  and the  following  section  shall be inserted in lieu
thereof:

      "Maintenance of Tangible Net Worth. Borrower shall not permit Tangible Net
Worth  at any  time to be less  than the sum of (i)  $200,000,000  plus  (ii) an
amount  equal  to 75% of the net  proceeds  received  by the  Borrower  from the
issuance  by  it  after  July  1,  2002  of  any  equity  securities  (including
convertible trust preferred  securities);  provided,  however, that in the event
Borrower  shall  redeem or  repurchase  and  cancel any  equity  securities  (or
convertible  trust  preferred  securities) the amount set forth in clause (i) of
this  Section  7.12 shall be reduced,  dollar for  dollar,  by the amount of the
aggregate  redemption  or  repurchase  price of such  equity  securities,  or if
greater, the book value thereof."

2.    Representations and Warranties.

      Borrower  hereby makes to Lender the  representations  and  warranties set
forth in Section 6 of the Original Loan Agreement, as amended by this Agreement.

3.    Binding Effect; No Waiver; No Partnership; Counterparts.

      The provisions of the Original Loan Agreement and this Agreement  shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted  assigns.  Nothing herein  contained shall be deemed or
construed  (a) to  constitute  a waiver of any  right of  Lender  under the Loan
Agreement,  as amended,  or (b) to create a partnership or joint venture between
any of the parties hereto. For the purpose of facilitating the execution of this
Agreement as herein provided,  this Agreement


                                       4
<PAGE>


may be  executed  simultaneously  in any number of  counterparts,  each of which
counterparts shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts when taken
together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

4.    Further Agreements.

      Borrower  agrees  to  execute  and  deliver  such  additional   documents,
instruments or agreements as may be reasonably requested by Lender and as may be
necessary or appropriate to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.

5.    Governing Law.

      This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

6.    Continuing Effect.

      Except as  modified  by this  Agreement,  all terms of the  Original  Loan
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  Each and all references to the
"Loan  Agreement" in the Loan Documents shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended
hereby.

7.    Conditions Precedent.

      It is a condition  precedent to the  effectiveness  of this Agreement that
each of the following shall have occurred:

      (a) each party hereto shall have executed and delivered this Agreement;

      (b) Lender shall have  received  from  Borrower an  officer's  certificate
dated the date hereof in the form  required  under  Section  5.02(b) of the Loan
Agreement which shall be true, correct and complete both before and after giving
effect to this Agreement; and

      (c) Lender  shall have  received  from  Borrower's  counsel,  or counsels,
opinions acceptable to Lender.


                                       5
<PAGE>


      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective  officers  thereunto duly authorized as of the
date first above written.

                              BORROWER
                              --------

                              CAPITAL TRUST, INC.

                              By: /s/ Edward L. Shugrue, III
                                 ---------------------------------------
                              Name:  Edward L. Shugrue, III
                              Title:  Chief Financial Officer



                              LENDER
                              ------

                              MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

                              By:  /s/ Thomas G. Wipf
                                 ---------------------------------------
                              Name:   Thomas G. Wipf
                              Title:  Managing Director


                                       6
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A
      All of Borrower's right, title and interest under the following  documents
and agreements (collectively,  the "Documents"),  whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, now existing or hereafter arising and wherever located:

      Unless otherwise noted, all documents listed as items 1-94 are dated as
of February 8, 2001

1.  Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, among Borrower, LFSRI II SPV REIT Corp.
    ("LFSRI")  and Senior  Quarters  Funding Corp.  ("Senior";  Senior and LFSRI
    hereinafter collectively, referred to as, "Lazard Borrowers").

2.  Note dated April 24, 2000,  made by LFSRI  payable to the order of Borrower,
    in the original principal amount of $10,000,000,  as endorsed by Borrower in
    blank pursuant to that certain Allonge.

3.  Second  Additional  Note made by Lazard  Borrowers  payable  to the order of
    Borrower,  in the original  principal amount of $63,750,000,  as endorsed by
    Lazard Borrowers in blank pursuant to that certain Allonge.

4.  Guaranty  made by LF Strategic  Realty  Investors II L.P.,  LFSRI II - CADIM
    Alternative  Partnership  L.P.  and LFSRI II  Alternative  Partnership  L.P.
    (collectively, the "Fund") in favor of Borrower.

5.  Acknowledgement  among  Borrower,  Lazard  Borrowers  and the other  parties
    signatory thereto.

6.  Amended  and  Restated   Deposit  and  Security   Agreement   (the  "Deposit
    Agreement") among Borrower,  Lazard  Borrowers,  the Fund, LFSRI II Extended
    Stay L.L.C.,  Prometheus Extended Stay L.L.C.,  Prometheus  Southeast Retail
    LLC,   Prometheus  Assisted  Living  LLC,  LSFRI  II  Assisted  Living  LLC,
    Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC,  Prometheus UK  Hospitality  LLC,  Prometheus
    Senior  Quarters  LLC,  Prometheus  SQ Interim  Corp.,  Atria  Holdings LLC,
    Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.,  Lender,  The Chase Manhattan Bank and Midland
    Loan Services, Inc., together with:

    (a) the Deposit  Account  defined in the  Deposit  Agreement  (the  "Deposit
        Account");

    (b) the Account Collateral (as defined in the Deposit Agreement);

    (c) all funds and financial assets in the Deposit Account; and

    (d) all other property credited to the Deposit Account from time to time.

7.  LFSRI II SPV REIT Corp.

    Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement made by LFSRI, as debtor,  Borrower,  as
    secured  party,  filed July 9, 1999,  bearing File No.  991281108,  with the
    Delaware  Secretary  of State,  as assigned by  Borrower,  to Secured  Party
    pursuant to UCC-3 Assignment, as amended by LFSRI and Secured Party pursuant
    to UCC-3 Amendment (Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement made by LFSRI, as debtor,  Borrower,  as
    secured party,  filed July 9, 1999,  bearing File No.  137574,  with the New
    York Secretary of State, as assigned by Borrower,  to Secured Party pursuant
    to UCC-3 Assignment, as amended by LFSRI and Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3
    Amendment (Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).


<PAGE>


    New  York  County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  made by  LFSRI,  as  debtor,
    Borrower,  as secured party, filed July13, 1999, bearing File No. 99PN36877,
    with the  Office of the City  Register,  New York  County,  as  assigned  by
    Borrower, to Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3 Assignment, as amended by LFSRI
    and Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3 Amendment  (Amended and Restated Deposit
    and Security Agreement).

    Senior Quarters Funding Corp.

    Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Senior,  as debtor,  Borrower,  as
    secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the Delaware Secretary of
    State (Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Senior,  as debtor,  Borrower,  as
    secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the New York Secretary of
    State (Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    New York County UCC-1 Financing Statement among Senior, as debtor, Borrower,
    as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the Office of the City
    Register,  New York  County  (Amended  and  Restated  Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement).

    Prometheus Extended Stay L.L.C.

    Delaware UCC-1 Financing Statement among Prometheus Extended Stay L.L.C., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary  of State  (Amended  and  Restated  Deposit and Security
    Agreement).

    New York UCC-1 Financing Statement among Prometheus Extended Stay L.L.C., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York  Secretary  of State  (Amended  and  Restated  Deposit and Security
    Agreement).

    New York County UCC-1  Financing  Statement among  Prometheus  Extended Stay
    L.L.C.,  as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party,  and Lender,  as assignee,
    filed with the Office of the City  Register,  New York County  (Amended  and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    Prometheus Southeast Retail LLC

    Delaware UCC-1 Financing Statement made by Prometheus  Southeast Retail LLC,
    as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, filed July 9, 1999, bearing File No.
    991281139, with the Delaware Secretary of State, as assigned by Borrower, to
    Secured  Party  pursuant  to UCC-3  Assignment,  as  amended  by  Prometheus
    Southeast Retail LLC and Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3 Amendment  (Amended
    and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    New York UCC-1 Financing Statement made by Prometheus  Southeast Retail LLC,
    as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, filed July 9, 1999, bearing File No.
    137585,  with the New York Secretary of State,  as assigned by Borrower,  to
    Secured  Party  pursuant  to UCC-3  Assignment,  as  amended  by  Prometheus
    Southeast Retail LLC and Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3 Amendment  (Amended
    and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

    New York County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  made by  Prometheus  Southeast
    Retail  LLC,  as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured  party,  filed July 9, 1999,
    bearing  File No.  99PN36880,  with  the New York  Secretary  of  State,  as
    assigned by Borrower, to Secured Party pursuant to UCC-3 Assignment,


                                       2
<PAGE>


    as amended by Prometheus  Southeast Retail LLC and Secured Party pursuant to
    UCC-3 Amendment (Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement).

8.  Pledge and Security Agreement (Membership  Interests) among Borrower,  LFSRI
    II Extended Stay L.L.C. and Prometheus  Extended Stay L.L.C. [for 51% of the
    membership interests in Prometheus Extended Stay L.L.C.].

9.  Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LFSRI II Extended Stay L.L.C.,  as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary  of  State  [for  51% of  the  membership  interests  in
    Prometheus  Extended  Stay  L.L.C.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit and
    Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LFSRI II Extended Stay L.L.C.,  as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New  York  Secretary  of  State  [for  51% of the  membership  interests  in
    Prometheus  Extended  Stay  L.L.C.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit and
    Security Agreement].

    New York County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  LFSRI II Extended  Stay
    L.L.C.,  as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party,  and Lender,  as assignee,
    filed with the Office of the City Register,  New York County [for 51% of the
    membership  interests in  Prometheus  Extended  Stay L.L.C.  and Amended and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

10. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Stock and Promissory Note) between Borrower
    and Prometheus  Assisted Living LLC [for  approximately  43.5% of the common
    stock of ARV Assisted  Living,  Inc. and a $1.5m Note made by ARV Associated
    Living, Inc.].

11. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus Assisted Living LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware Secretary of State [for approximately  43.5% of the common stock of
    ARV Assisted  Living,  Inc. and a $1.5m Note made by ARV Associated  Living,
    Inc. and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus Assisted Living LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York Secretary of State [for approximately  43.5% of the common stock of
    ARV Assisted  Living,  Inc. and a $1.5m Note made by ARV Associated  Living,
    Inc. and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus  Assisted Living
    LLC, as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee,  filed
    with the Office of the City  Register,  New York County  [for  approximately
    43.5% of the common stock of ARV Assisted Living, Inc. and a $1.5m Note made
    by ARV Associated Living, Inc. and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security
    Agreement].

12. 485,700 Shares of the Common Stock of ARV Assisted Living, Inc.  represented
    by Certificate Number SD 2780 in the name of Prometheus Assisted Living LLC,
    dated  September 15, 1998,  together  with Stock Power  executed in blank by
    Prometheus Assisted Living LLC.

13. 4,262,226  Shares  of  the  Common  Stock  of  ARV  Assisted  Living,   Inc.
    represented by Certificate Number SD 1363 in the name of Prometheus Assisted
    Living LLC,  dated  December 5, 1997,  together with Stock Power executed in
    blank by Prometheus Assisted Living LLC.


                                       3
<PAGE>


14. 1,921,012  Shares  of  the  Common  Stock  of  ARV  Assisted  Living,   Inc.
    represented by Certificate Number SD 0934 in the name of Prometheus Assisted
    Living LLC, dated July 23, 1997, together with Stock Power executed in blank
    by Prometheus Assisted Living LLC.

15. 926,131 Shares of the Common Stock of ARV Assisted Living, Inc.  represented
    by Certificate Number SD 1664 in the name of Prometheus Assisted Living LLC,
    dated  January 23,  1998,  together  with Stock  Power  executed in blank by
    Prometheus Assisted Living LLC.

16. Intentionally omitted.

17. Pledge and  Security  Agreement  (Warrants)  between  Borrower  and LFSRI II
    Assisted Living LLC [for warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of ARV Assisted
    Living, Inc. at $3.00 per share].

18. Delaware UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary of State [for warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of ARV
    Assisted  Living,  Inc. at $3.00 per share and Amended and Restated  Deposit
    and Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York Secretary of State [for warrants to purchase  750,000 shares of ARV
    Assisted  Living,  Inc. at $3.00 per share and Amended and Restated  Deposit
    and Security Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among LFSRI II Assisted  Living
    LLC, as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee,  filed
    with the Office of the City  Register,  New York  County  [for  warrants  to
    purchase 750,000 shares of ARV Assisted Living,  Inc. at $3.00 per share and
    Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

19. Warrant dated April 24, 2000, to Purchase 750,000 Shares of the Common Stock
    of ARV Assisted Living, Inc. at $3.00 per share, together with Assignment of
    Warrant executed in blank by LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC.

20. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Membership  Interests) between Borrower and
    Prometheus UK Hospitality  LLC [for 49% of Prometheus UK  Hospitality  LLC's
    65% interest in Destination Europe USA, LLC].

21. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among  Prometheus UK Hospitality LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary of State [for 49% of Prometheus UK Hospitality LLC's 65%
    interest in Destination Europe USA, LLC and Amended and Restated Deposit and
    Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among  Prometheus UK Hospitality LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York Secretary of State [for 49% of Prometheus UK Hospitality  LLC's 65%
    interest in Destination Europe USA, LLC and Amended and Restated Deposit and
    Security Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1 Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus UK Hospitality
    LLC, as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee,  filed
    with the Office of the City Register, New York County [for 49% of Prometheus
    UK Hospitality LLC's 65% interest in Destination Europe USA, LLC and Amended
    and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].


                                       4
<PAGE>


22. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Membership  Interests) among Borrower,  the
    Fund, Prometheus Assisted Living LLC, Prometheus  Homebuilders LLC, LFSRI II
    Assisted  Living LLC and  Prometheus  Senior  Quarters  LLC [for 100% of the
    membership   interests  in  Prometheus   Assisted  Living  LLC,   Prometheus
    Homebuilders LLC and LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC].

    LF Strategic Realty Investors II L.P.

23. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LF Strategic  Realty  Investors II
    L.P., as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed
    with the Delaware  Secretary of State [for 100% of the membership  interests
    in Prometheus  Assisted Living LLC,  Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC, LFSRI II
    Assisted  Living LLC and  Prometheus  Senior  Quarters  LLC and  Amended and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LF Strategic  Realty  Investors II
    L.P., as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed
    with the New York Secretary of State [for 100% of the  membership  interests
    in Prometheus  Assisted Living LLC,  Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC, LFSRI II
    Assisted  Living LLC and  Prometheus  Senior  Quarters  LLC and  Amended and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New  York  County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  LF  Strategic  Realty
    Investors II L.P., as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party,  and Lender,  as
    assignee,  filed with the Office of the City Register,  New York County [for
    100%  of  the  membership  interests  in  Prometheus  Assisted  Living  LLC,
    Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC,  LFSRI II Assisted  Living LLC and Prometheus
    Senior   Quarters  LLC  and  Amended  and  Restated   Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    LFSRI II - CADIM Alternative Partnership, L.P.

24. Delaware  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  LFSRI  II - CADIM  Alternative
    Partnership,  L.P., as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party, and Lender,  as
    assignee,  filed  with the  Delaware  Secretary  of State  [for  100% of the
    membership   interests  in  Prometheus   Assisted  Living  LLC,   Prometheus
    Homebuilders  LLC,  LFSRI  II  Assisted  Living  LLC and  Prometheus  Senior
    Quarters LLC and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  LFSRI  II - CADIM  Alternative
    Partnership,  L.P., as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party, and Lender,  as
    assignee,  filed  with the New York  Secretary  of  State  [for  100% of the
    membership   interests  in  Prometheus   Assisted  Living  LLC,   Prometheus
    Homebuilders  LLC,  LFSRI  II  Assisted  Living  LLC and  Prometheus  Senior
    Quarters LLC and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1 Financing Statement among LFSRI II - CADIM Alternative
    Partnership,  L.P., as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party, and Lender,  as
    assignee,  filed with the Office of the City Register,  New York County [for
    100%  of  the  membership  interests  in  Prometheus  Assisted  Living  LLC,
    Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC,  LFSRI II Assisted  Living LLC and Prometheus
    Senior   Quarters  LLC  and  Amended  and  Restated   Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    LFSRI II Alternative Partnership L.P.

25. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LFSRI II Alternative  Partnership,
    L.P., as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed
    with the Delaware  Secretary of State [for 100% of the membership  interests
    in Prometheus  Assisted Living LLC,  Prometheus  Homebuilders


                                       5
<PAGE>


    LLC,  LFSRI II Assisted  Living LLC and Prometheus  Senior  Quarters LLC and
    Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among LFSRI II Alternative  Partnership,
    L.P., as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed
    with the New York Secretary of State [for 100% of the  membership  interests
    in Prometheus  Assisted Living LLC,  Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC, LFSRI II
    Assisted  Living LLC and  Prometheus  Senior  Quarters  LLC and  Amended and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York  County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  LFSRI  II  Alternative
    Partnership,  L.P., as debtor,  Borrower,  as secured party, and Lender,  as
    assignee,  filed with the Office of the City Register,  New York County [for
    100%  of  the  membership  interests  in  Prometheus  Assisted  Living  LLC,
    Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC,  LFSRI II Assisted  Living LLC and Prometheus
    Senior   Quarters  LLC  and  Amended  and  Restated   Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

26. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Stock and  Warrants)  between  Borrower and
    Prometheus  Homebuilders LLC [for 33% of the outstanding  shares  (Preferred
    and Common) of The Fortress Group, Inc. and warrants to purchase  33,333,333
    additional common shares of The Fortress Group, Inc. at $0.01 per share].

27. First Amendment to Pledge and Security  Agreement (Stock and Warrants) dated
    as of July 31,  2001  between  Borrower  and  Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC,
    together with allonge executed in blank.

28. Pledge and Security Agreement (Stock) among Borrower, Prometheus SQ Holdings
    Corp.,  Senior  and  Prometheus  SQ  Interim  Corp.[for  100% of the  equity
    interests in Senior and Prometheus SQ Interim Corp.]

29. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary of State [for 100% of the equity interests in Senior and
    Prometheus  SQ Interim Corp.  and Amended and Restated  Deposit and Security
    Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York Secretary of State [for 100% of the equity  interests in Senior and
    Prometheus  SQ Interim Corp.  and Amended and Restated  Deposit and Security
    Agreement].

    New York County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus  SQ Holdings
    Corp., as debtor, Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed
    with the  Office  of the City  Register,  New York  County  [for 100% of the
    equity  interests in Senior and  Prometheus SQ Interim Corp. and Amended and
    Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

30. 100 Shares of the Common Stock of Senior  represented by Certificate  Number
    C-1 in the name of Prometheus  SQ Holdings  Corp.,  dated  February 7, 2001,
    together with Stock Power executed in blank by Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.

31. Stock Subscription Agreement between Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp. and Senior
    Quarters Funding Corp.


                                       6
<PAGE>


32. 100 Shares of the Common Stock of Prometheus SQ Interim Corp. represented by
    Certificate  Number 1 in the name of  Prometheus  SQ Holdings  Corp.,  dated
    September  15,  1998,  together  with  Stock  Power  executed  in  blank  by
    Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.

33. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Stock)  between  Borrower and Prometheus SQ
    Interim Corp.  [for 100% of the equity  interests in Kapson Senior  Quarters
    Corp. ].

34. Delaware UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus SQ Interim Corp., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary  of State  [for 100% of the equity  interests  in Kapson
    Senior  Quarters  Corp.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    New York UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among  Prometheus SQ Interim Corp., as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York  Secretary  of State  [for 100% of the equity  interests  in Kapson
    Senior  Quarters  Corp.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1 Financing Statement among Prometheus SQ Interim Corp.,
    as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee,  filed with
    the Office of the City  Register,  New York  County  [for 100% of the equity
    interests in Kapson Senior  Quarters Corp. and Amended and Restated  Deposit
    and Security Agreement].

35. 200 Shares of the Common Stock of Kapson Senior  Quarters Corp.  represented
    by Certificate Number 5 in the name of Prometheus SQ Interim Corp., together
    with Stock Power executed in blank by Prometheus SQ Interim Corp.

36. Pledge and Security  Agreement  (Stock) between  Borrower and Atria Holdings
    LLC [for 89.1% of the common stock and 100% of the preferred stock in Atria,
    Inc.].

37. Delaware  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among Atria  Holdings LLC, as debtor,
    Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the Delaware
    Secretary of State [for 89.1% of the common stock and 100% of the  preferred
    stock  in  Atria,  Inc.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    New York UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among Atria  Holdings  LLC, as debtor,
    Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the New York
    Secretary of State [for 89.1% of the common stock and 100% of the  preferred
    stock  in  Atria,  Inc.  and  Amended  and  Restated  Deposit  and  Security
    Agreement].

    New York County  UCC-1  Financing  Statement  among Atria  Holdings  LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Office of the City Register,  New York County [for 89.1% of the common stock
    and 100% of the  preferred  stock in Atria,  Inc.  and Amended and  Restated
    Deposit and Security Agreement].

38. 9,135.802  Shares  of  the  Common  Stock  of  Atria,  Inc.  represented  by
    Certificate  Number 4 in the name of Atria  Holdings LLC, dated February 16,
    2000, together with Stock Power executed in blank by Atria Holdings LLC.

39. 274.99155 Shares of the Series A Cumulative  Preferred Stock of Atria,  Inc.
    represented by Certificate Number 4 in the name of Atria Holdings LLC, dated
    December  28,  2000,  together  with Stock Power  executed in blank by Atria
    Holdings LLC.


                                       7
<PAGE>


40. Pledge and  Security  Agreement  (Membership  Interests)  between  Borrower,
    Prometheus  Senior  Quarters  LLC,  Prometheus SQ Holdings  Corp.  and Atria
    Holdings LLC [for 100% of the membership interests in Atria Holdings LLC and
    100% of the equity interests in Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.].

41. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    Delaware  Secretary of State [for 100% of the membership  interests in Atria
    Holdings  LLC and 100% of the equity  interests  in  Prometheus  SQ Holdings
    Corp. and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, as
    debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee, filed with the
    New York Secretary of State [for 100% of the  membership  interests in Atria
    Holdings  LLC and 100% of the equity  interests  in  Prometheus  SQ Holdings
    Corp. and Amended and Restated Deposit and Security Agreement].

    New York County UCC-1 Financing  Statement among Prometheus  Senior Quarters
    LLC, as debtor,  Borrower, as secured party, and Lender, as assignee,  filed
    with the  Office  of the City  Register,  New York  County  [for 100% of the
    membership  interests in Atria Holdings LLC and 100% of the equity interests
    in  Prometheus  SQ  Holdings  Corp.  and Amended  and  Restated  Deposit and
    Security Agreement].

42. 100 Shares of the Common Stock of Prometheus SQ Holdings  Corp.  represented
    by Certificate Number 1 in the name of Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC, dated
    September  15,  1998,  together  with  Stock  Power  executed  in  blank  by
    Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC.

    Direction Letters

43. Direction Letter dated February 6, 2001, from the Fund to American Apartment
    Comminutes III Inc. and American Apartment Communities III L.P.

44. Direction  Letter dated  February 6, 2001,  from the Fund to  Prometheus  UK
    Hospitality LLC.

45. Direction  Letter dated  February 6, 2001,  from  Prometheus  Extended Stay,
    L.L.C. to Intown Holding Company, L.L.C.

46. Direction Letter dated February 6, 2001, from Prometheus Assisted Living LLC
    to ARV Assisted Living,  Inc., as amended by Letter of Direction dated April
    24, 2002.

47. Direction  Letter dated February 6, 2001, from Prometheus UK Hospitality LLC
    to Destination Europe USA, LLC

48. Direction Letter dated February 6, 2001, from the Fund to Prometheus  Senior
    Quarters LLC.

49. Direction  Letter from  Prometheus  Homebuilders  LLC to The Fortress Group,
    Inc.

50. Direction  Letter dated February 6, 2001,  from Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.
    to Prometheus SQ Interim Corp.

51. Direction  Letter dated February 6, 2001,  from Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.
    to Senior Quarters Funding Corp.


                                       8
<PAGE>


52. Direction Letter dated February 6, 2001, from Prometheus SQ Interim Corp. to
    Kapson Senior Quarters Corp.

53. Direction  Letter dated February 6, 2001,  from Atria Holdings LLC to Atria,
    Inc.

54. Opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett to Borrower,  CT Mezzanine  Partners I
    LLC and Lender.

55. Opinion of Lazard Freres & Co. LLC to Borrower.

    Organizational Documents

56. Secretary's Certificate of Senior.

57. Certificate of LFSRI.

58. Certificate of LF Strategic Realty Investors II, L.P.

59. Certificate of LFSRI II-CADIM Alternative Partnership L.P.

60. Certificate of LFSRI II Alternative Partnership L.P.

61. Certificate of Lazard Freres Real Estate Investors L.L.C.

62. Certificate of Prometheus Southeast Retail LLC.

63. Certificate of Prometheus Southeast Retail Trust.

64. Certificate of Prometheus Mid-Atlantic Investors Trust.

65. Certificate of The Rubenstein Company, L.P.

66. Certificate of LFSRI II Extended Stay L.L.C.

67. Secretary's Certificate of LFSRI II SPV E.S. Corp.

68. Certificate of Prometheus Extended Stay LLC.

69. Certificate of Intown Holding Company LLC.

70. Secretary's Certificate of American Apartment Communities III, Inc.

71. Certificate of American Apartment Communities III, L.P.

72. Certificate of Prometheus Assisted Living LLC.

73. Certificate of Prometheus UK Hospitality LLC.

74. Certificate of Prometheus Homebuilders LLC.

75. Organizational documents of The Fortress Group, Inc.

76. Secretary's Certificate of Prometheus SQ Holdings Corp.


                                       9
<PAGE>


77. Certificate of Prometheus Senior Quarters LLC.

78. Certificate of Atria Holdings LLC.

79. Organizational documents of Atria, Inc.

80. Certificate of Prometheus SQ Interim Corp.

81. Certificate of LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC.

82. Organizational documents of Kapson Senior Quarters Corp.

83. Organizational documents of ARV Assisted Living, Inc.

    Loan from LSFRI II Assisted Living LLC to ARV Assisted Living, Inc.

84. Amended Term Note dated April 24, 2002,  made by ARV Assisted  Living,  Inc.
    payable  to the  order of LFSRI II  Assisted  Living  LLC,  in the  original
    principal amount of $11,500,000, as endorsed by LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC
    in blank pursuant to that certain Allonge.

85. Omnibus Amendment dated as of April 24, 2000, between Borrower and LFSRI.

86. Amended  and  Restated  Collateral  Assignment  dated as of April 24,  2002,
    between Borrower and LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC.

87. Direction  Letter dated April 24, 2002, from LFSRI II Assisted Living LLC to
    ARV Assisted Living, Inc.

88. Opinion of Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett dated April 24, 2000, to Borrower and
    Lender.

89. Opinion of Lazard Freres & Co. LLC dated April 24, 2000, to Borrower.

    Participation to CT Mezzanine Partners I LLC

90. Participation Agreement between Borrower and CT Mezzanine Partners I LLC.

91. Participation  Certificate,  made by Capital  Trust in favor of CT Mezzanine
    Partners, LLC in the original principal amount of $42,500,000, together with
    Endorsement to Participation Certificate,  endorsed in blank by CT Mezzanine
    Partners, LLC.

92. Any  additional   Participation   Certificate(s)   issued  pursuant  to  the
    Participation Agreement referenced as item 1 above.

93. Tri-Party  Agreement among Borrower,  CT Mezzanine Partners I LLC and Lazard
    Borrowers.

            Pledge of Atria and Kapson Promissory Notes/Guaranties
            Unless  otherwise  noted,  all documents listed below are dated as
            of March 2, 2001
94. Pledge and Security  Agreement  dated as of the Effective  Date  (Promissory
    Notes/Guaranties) between Borrower and Senior.

95. Promissory  Note  made by Atria  Inc.  in favor of  Senior  in the  original
    principal amount of $15,000,000,  as endorsed by Senior in blank pursuant to
    Promissory Note Allonge.


                                       10
<PAGE>


96. Guaranty of Payment from Kapson Senior Quarters Corp. to Senior.

97. Promissory  Note  made by  Kapson  Senior  Quarters  Corp.  to Senior in the
    original  principal  amount of  $15,000,000,  as endorsed by Senior in blank
    pursuant to Promissory Note Allonge.

98. Guaranty of Payment from Atria, Inc. to Senior.

99. Delaware UCC-1 Financing  Statement made by Senior,  as debtor,  in favor of
    Borrower,  as secured party,  filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, as
    assigned by Borrower to Lender.

100. New York UCC-1 Financing  Statement made by Senior,  as debtor, in favor of
    Borrower,  as secured party,  filed with the New York Secretary of State, as
    assigned by Borrower to Lender.

101. New York County UCC-1  Financing  Statement made by Senior,  as debtor,  in
    favor of  Borrower,  as  secured  party,  filed  with the Office of the City
    Register, New York County, as assigned by Borrower to Lender.

102. Legal opinion letter dated as of the Effective Date, from Simpson Thacher &
    Bartlett to CT Mezzanine Partners I LLC, Borrower and Lender.

103. Direction letter dated April 26, 2001 from Senior to Kapson Senior Quarters
   Corp. regarding payments on account of the promissory note or guaranty.

104. Direction letter dated April 26, 2001, from Senior to Atria Inc.  regarding
   payments on account of the promissory note or guaranty.



                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
