<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-9c.txt
<TEXT>



                                                                  Exhibit 10.9.c


                                 THIRD AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                       MASTER LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


                              FOR A CREDIT FACILITY
                         IN AN AMOUNT UP TO $100,000,000

                           Dated as of August 9, 2002

                                     Between

                               CAPITAL TRUST, INC.
                                   as Borrower


                                       and


                MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC.
                                    as Lender


================================================================================


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

1.    Amendments.............................................................1

2.    Representations and Warranties.........................................4

3.    Binding Effect; No Waiver; No Partnership; Counterparts................4

4.    Further Agreements.....................................................4

5.    Governing Law..........................................................4

6.    Continuing Effect......................................................4

7.    Conditions Precedent...................................................4


<PAGE>


      THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
dated as of August 9, 2002 (this  "Agreement")  between  CAPITAL TRUST,  INC., a
Maryland  corporation  ("Borrower"),  and MORGAN  STANLEY  DEAN WITTER  MORTGAGE
CAPITAL  INC.  ("Lender")  to Amended  and  Restated  Master  Loan and  Security
Agreement dated as of February 8, 2001,  between  Borrower and Lender as amended
pursuant to that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Loan and
Security Agreement dated as of July 16, 2001, between Borrower and Lender and as
further  amended  pursuant  to that  certain  Second  Amendment  to Amended  and
Restated Master Loan and Security  Agreement dated as of July 16, 2002,  between
Borrower and Lender (collectively,  the "Original Loan and Security Agreement").
Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings given to them
in the Original Loan Agreement.  The Original Loan Agreement, as amended by this
Agreement,  and as such  agreement  otherwise  from  time to  time  has  been or
hereafter may be amended, modified,  extended, and supplemented,  is hereinafter
referred to as the "Loan and Security Agreement."

                              PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

      Pursuant to the Original Loan and Security Agreement Lender may make loans
to fund Borrower's  acquisition of Eligible Collateral from time to time subject
to the terms and conditions of the Original Loan and Security Agreement.  Lender
and Borrower  desire to amend the Original Loan and Security  Agreement in order
to, inter alia,  extend the term and amend  certain of the  financial  covenants
therein and such other terms and conditions applicable to such modifications.

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:


1.    Amendments.  The Original Loan and Security Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

      (a) Defined  Terms.  Subsection  1.01 of the  Original  Loan and  Security
Agreement is hereby amended by:

            (i) the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the term
"Affiliate Credit Facility" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Affiliate Credit Facility" shall mean any one or more agreements  between
      Lender, or an Affiliate of Lender, and Affiliates of Borrower  (including,
      without  limitation,  that certain (i) Master Loan and Security  Agreement
      dated as of September  19, 2000,  between CT Mezzanine  Partners I LLC and
      Lender as amended  pursuant to that certain First Amendment to Master Loan
      and Security  Agreement  dated as of December 29, 2000, as further amended
      pursuant to that  certain  Second  Amendment  to Master Loan and  Security
      Agreement  dated as of February 8, 2001,  as further  amended  pursuant to
      that certain Third Amendment dated as of July 16, 2001, as further amended
      pursuant to that  certain  Fourth  Amendment  to Master Loan and  Security
      Agreement,  dated as of July 16, 2002 and as further  amended  pursuant to
      that certain Fifth  Amendment to Master Loan and Security  Agreement dated
      as of August 9, 2002,  (ii) that certain CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of
      September  19,  2000,  between  CT  Mezzanine  Partners  I LLC and MSIL as
      amended  pursuant to that certain First  Amendment to CMBS Loan  Agreement
      dated as of February 8, 2001, as further amended  pursuant to that certain
      Second  Amendment to CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16,  2001,  as
      further  amended  pursuant to that  certain  Third  Amendment to CMBS Loan
      Agreement  dated as of July 16,  2002 and as further  amended


                                       3
<PAGE>


      pursuant to that certain Fourth  Amendment to CMBS Loan Agreement dated as
      of August 9, 2002,  (iii) that certain Master Loan and Security  Agreement
      dated as of July 16, 2001,  between Lender and CTMP II Funding Corp. (MS),
      as  supplemented  pursuant to that certain Joinder dated as of January 31,
      2002,  by CTMPII FC BLOCK  (MS),  CTMP II Funding  Corp.  (MS),  CTMPII FC
      Transpotomac  (MS) and CT  Mezzanine  Partners  II LP in  favor of  Morgan
      Stanley & Co. International Limited,  Lender and agreed to and accepted by
      Bankers  Trust  Company  and  Midland  Loan  Services,  Inc.,  as  further
      supplemented  pursuant to that certain Modification to Joinder dated as of
      August 9, 2002 among the same parties as amended  pursuant to that certain
      First Amendment to Master Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 16,
      2002 and as further amended  pursuant to that certain Second  Amendment to
      Master Loan and Security  Agreement  dated as of August 9, 2002,  and (iv)
      CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of July 16, 2001,  between MSIL and CTMP II
      Funding Corp. (MS)) as supplemented pursuant to that certain Joinder dated
      as of January 31,  2002,  by CTMPII FC BLOCK (MS),  CTMP II Funding  Corp.
      (MS), CTMPII FC Transpotomac (MS) and CT Mezzanine Partners II LP in favor
      of Morgan Stanley & Co.  International  Limited,  Lender and agreed to and
      accepted by Bankers  Trust  Company and Midland Loan  Services,  Inc.,  as
      further  supplemented  pursuant to that  certain  Modification  to Joinder
      dated as of August 9, 2002 among the same  parties as amended  pursuant to
      that certain First  Amendment to CMBS Loan Agreement  dated as of July 16,
      2002 and as further amended  pursuant to that certain Second  Amendment to
      CMBS Loan  Agreement  dated as of August 9, 2002)  pursuant  to which such
      Affiliate of Borrower shall incur Indebtedness to Lender or such Affiliate
      of Lender and including,  without limitation,  any other loan agreement or
      repurchase  agreement  between Lender,  or an Affiliate of Lender,  and an
      Affiliate of Borrower.

            (ii) the  deletion  in its  entirety of the  definition  of the term
"Amortization Period" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Amortization  Period"  shall  mean,  if the  Termination  Date  shall  be
extended in accordance with the terms hereof, the period from and after July 16,
2003 to, but not including, April 16, 2004.

            (iii) the deletion of the words "June 30, 2001" in subsection (B) of
the  definition  of the  term  "Eurodollar  Rate  Spread"  and the  substitution
therefor with the words "July 16, 2003."

            (iv) the  deletion  in its  entirety of the  definition  of the term
"Termination Date" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Termination Date" shall mean July 16, 2003 or such earlier date
      on which this Loan Agreement  shall terminate in accordance with
      the provisions hereof or by operation of law; provided, however,
      that in the event  that (i) this  Agreement  shall not have been
      earlier  terminated  and (ii) no Default shall have occurred and
      be continuing on July 16, 2003,  the  Termination  Date shall be
      automatically extended to April 16, 2004.

            (v) the  deletion  in its  entirety  of the  definition  of the term
"Tangible Net Worth" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Tangible Net Worth" shall mean, as of a particular date,

      (a) all amounts included in stockholder's equity plus the aggregate amount
recorded for  convertible  trust  preferred  securities,  on a balance  sheet of
Borrower at such date, determined in accordance with GAAP, less

      (b) (i) amounts  owing to Borrower  from  Affiliates  and (ii)  intangible
assets.


                                       4
<PAGE>


            (vi) the  deletion  in its  entirety of the  definition  of the term
"Total Indebtedness" and the substitution therefor of the following:

      "Total  Indebtedness"  shall mean,  at any date,  the  aggregate
      Indebtedness  of  Borrower  during  such  period   (specifically
      excluding any amount  recorded on the  Borrower's  balance sheet
      for convertible trust preferred securities),  less the amount of
      any nonspecific  balance sheet reserves maintained in accordance
      with GAAP.

      (b) Loans.  Paragraph  (a) of  subsection  2.01 of the  Original  Loan and
Security  Agreement  is hereby  amended by the  deletion  in the first  sentence
thereof of the words "June 30, 2001" and the substitution  therefor of the words
"July 16, 2003."

      (c) Subsection 2.02 of the Original Loan and Security  Agreement is hereby
deleted in its entirety and the following  subsection  shall be inserted in lieu
thereof:

         "(a) The Loans made by Lender shall be evidenced by a single promissory
      note of Borrower  substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, dated the
      date  hereof,  payable to Lender in the  principal  amount of One  Hundred
      Million   Dollars   ($100,000,000.00),   as  otherwise   duly   completed.
      Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  provided  that no  Default  or  Event of
      Default  shall have  occurred  and be  continuing  hereunder  or under any
      Affiliate  Credit  Facility,  Borrower may request,  upon no less than ten
      (10)  Business  Days prior written  notice  delivered to Lender,  that the
      aggregate credit available to Borrower  hereunder,  under the Conduit Loan
      Agreement and under any Affiliate  Credit  Agreement be reallocated  among
      such  credit  agreements;  provided,  however,  that in no event shall the
      Maximum Credit plus (i) the aggregate of the Maximum Credit  hereunder and
      the  Maximum  Credit (as such term is defined in the CMBS Loan  Agreement)
      under the CMBS Loan Agreement  plus (ii) the aggregate  Maximum Credit (as
      such term is defined in any Affiliate  Credit Facility) under any existing
      Affiliate Credit Facility,  exceed Three Hundred and Fifty Million Dollars
      ($350,000,000.00).  In the event (i) that the Maximum  Credit is increased
      or decreased as a result of a reallocation of the Maximum Credit available
      hereunder or under any Affiliate Credit  Facility,  Borrower shall deliver
      to Lender a substitute  Note evidencing such increase or decrease and such
      other  documents,  certificates  and  amendments as Lender shall  request.
      Lender shall have the right to have its Note  subdivided,  by exchange for
      promissory  notes of lesser  denominations or otherwise and shall have the
      right to sell  participating  interests in such Note;  provided,  however,
      that  Lender must retain (i) in excess of fifty  percent  (50%)  ownership
      interest in the Note and (ii) have control over all decisions with respect
      to loan pricing and the exercise of remedies  with respect to each item of
      Collateral; and provided,  further, however, that Lender may subject up to
      one hundred  percent  (100%) of the Loans made  hereunder  to a repurchase
      agreement."

      (b) The  date,  amount  and  interest  rate of each Loan made by Lender to
      Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall
      be recorded by Lender from time to time on its internal  books and records
      (whether electronic or otherwise). Failure of Lender to make such notation
      shall not affect the obligations of Borrower to make a payment when due of
      any  amount  owing  hereunder  or under the Note in  respect of the Loans.
      Borrower   agrees  that  Lender's   books  and  records   showing  the  MS
      Indebtedness  pursuant to this Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents
      shall be  admissible in any action or proceeding  arising  therefrom,  and
      shall constitute  rebuttably  presumptive  proof thereof,  irrespective of
      whether any MS  Indebtedness  is also  evidenced by a  promissory  note or
      other instrument.  Lender will provide to the Borrower a monthly statement
      of  Loans,   payments,  and  other  transactions  pursuant  to  this  Loan
      Agreement.  Failure by Lender to provide such monthly  statement shall not
      effect  the  obligations  of  Borrower  to make a payment  when due of any
      amount  owing  hereunder  or under


                                       5
<PAGE>


      the Note in respect of the Loans.  Such statement shall be deemed correct,
      accurate, and binding on Borrower absent manifest error."

      (d)  Subsection  3.01(a) of the Original  Loan and  Security  Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and the following subsection shall be inserted in
lieu thereof:

         "(a) Borrower hereby promises to repay in full on the Termination  Date
      the  aggregate  outstanding  principal  amount  of  the  Loans;  provided,
      however,  in the event the Termination Date shall be extended to April 16,
      2004  pursuant  to the  terms  hereof,  Borrower  promises  to repay  such
      aggregate  principal  amount of the Loans  outstanding on July 16, 2003 by
      the  payment  on  the  first   Business  Day  of  each  month  during  the
      Amortization  Period  beginning with August 1, 2003 and on the Termination
      Date, as extended (each, an "Installment  Date") of an amount equal to the
      quotient of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding as
      at July 16, 2003 divided by (y) nine (9) (such  schedule of payments,  the
      "Amortization  Schedule");  provided,  further,  that  in the  event  that
      Borrower shall repay any portion of the outstanding principal in an amount
      in  excess of the  amount  then due and  payable  in  accordance  with the
      Amortization  Schedule,  the  Amortization  Schedule shall be recalculated
      such  that  Borrower  shall  repay  the  principal  amount  of  the  Loans
      outstanding  on the date of such  repayment  (after taking such  repayment
      into  account) by the payment on each  Installment  Date  remaining in the
      Amortization  Period  of an  amount  equal  to the  quotient  of  (x)  the
      aggregate  principal  amount of the Loans  outstanding on the date of such
      repayment  (after taking such repayment  into account)  divided by (y) the
      number of Installment Dates remaining during the Amortization  Period. Any
      repayment  of the  principal  of the  Loans  made by  Borrower  to  Lender
      subsequent  to an  Installment  Date shall be credited at the time of such
      payment  and applied to the  payment  due on next  succeeding  Installment
      Date."

      (e) Section  6.14 of the Original  Loan and  Security  Agreement is hereby
deleted in its  entirety  and the  following  section  shall be inserted in lieu
thereof:

      "Tangible  Net Worth.  On the date  hereof,  the Tangible Net Worth is not
      less than the sum of $200,000,000."

      (f) Section  7.12 of the Original  Loan and  Security  Agreement is hereby
deleted in its  entirety  and the  following  section  shall be inserted in lieu
thereof:

      "Maintenance of Tangible Net Worth. Borrower shall not permit Tangible Net
Worth  at any  time to be less  than the sum of (i)  $200,000,000  plus  (ii) an
amount  equal  to 75% of the net  proceeds  received  by the  Borrower  from the
issuance  by  it  after  July  1,  2002  of  any  equity  securities  (including
convertible trust preferred  securities);  provided,  however, that in the event
Borrower  shall  redeem or  repurchase  and  cancel any  equity  securities  (or
convertible trust preferred  securities),  the amount set forth in clause (i) of
this  Section  7.12 shall be reduced,  dollar for  dollar,  by the amount of the
aggregate  redemption price of such equity securities,  or if greater,  the book
value thereof."


2.    Representations and Warranties.

      Borrower  hereby makes to Lender the  representations  and  warranties set
forth in Section 6 of the Original Loan Agreement, as amended by this Agreement.


3.    Binding Effect; No Waiver; No Partnership; Counterparts.


                                       6
<PAGE>


      The provisions of the Original Loan Agreement and this Agreement  shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted  assigns.  Nothing herein  contained shall be deemed or
construed  (a) to  constitute  a waiver of any  right of  Lender  under the Loan
Agreement,  as amended,  or (b) to create a partnership or joint venture between
any of the parties hereto. For the purpose of facilitating the execution of this
Agreement as herein provided,  this Agreement may be executed  simultaneously in
any number of counterparts,  each of which counterparts shall be deemed to be an
original, and such counterparts when taken together shall constitute but one and
the same instrument.


4.    Further Agreements.

      Borrower  agrees  to  execute  and  deliver  such  additional   documents,
instruments or agreements as may be reasonably requested by Lender and as may be
necessary or appropriate to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement.


5.    Governing Law.

      This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.


6.    Continuing Effect.

      Except as  modified  by this  Agreement,  all terms of the  Original  Loan
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  Each and all references to the
"Loan  Agreement" in the Loan Documents shall mean the Loan Agreement as amended
hereby.


7.    Conditions Precedent.

      It is a condition  precedent to the  effectiveness  of this Agreement that
each of the following shall have occurred:

      (a) the receipt of a fee in the amount of $300,000;

      (b) each party hereto shall have executed and delivered this Agreement;

      (c) Lender shall have  received  from  Borrower an  officer's  certificate
dated the date hereof in the form  required  under  Section  5.02(b) of the Loan
Agreement which shall be true, correct and complete both before and after giving
effect to this Agreement; and

      (d) Lender  shall have  received  from  Borrower's  counsel,  or counsels,
opinions acceptable to Lender.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       7
<PAGE>


            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their  respective  officers  thereunto duly authorized as of
the date first above written.

                              BORROWER
                              --------

                              CAPITAL TRUST, INC.

                              By:  /s/ Edward L. Shugrue, III
                                 ---------------------------------------
                              Name:  Edward L. Shugrue, III
                              Title:  Chief Financial Officer


                              LENDER
                              ------

                              MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC.

                              By: /s/ Andrew B. Neuberger
                                 ---------------------------------------
                              Name:   Andrew B. Neuberger
                              Title:  Vice President


                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
