<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 2.1



================================================================================


                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                     BETWEEN


                                FTS APPAREL, INC.

                                       AND

                             SIMPLY CELLULAR, INC.




                          Dated as of February 14, 2003

================================================================================



<PAGE>

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


         This  Asset  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  as  of February 14, 2003 (the
"Agreement"),  by  and  between  FTS  APPAREL,  INC.,  a  Colorado  corporation
("Buyer"),  and  Simply  Cellular,  Inc.  ,  a  Florida  corporation ("Seller").

         WHEREAS,  Seller  is  engaged in the business of selling cellular phone
services  and  accessories  (the  "Business");  and

         WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein,
Buyer  desires  to  purchase and assume from Seller, and Seller desires to sell,
transfer,  assign,  convey and deliver to Buyer, substantially all of the assets
of  Seller, together with certain obligations and liabilities of Seller relating
thereto;  and

        WHEREAS  The  Board  of  Directors  of  each  of  Buyer  and  Seller,
respectively,  believe  the acquisition is in the best interests of such company
and  its respective shareholders and, in furtherance thereof, have approved this
Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  thereby.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants, representations, warranties
and  mutual  agreements  hereinafter  set  forth,  the  parties  hereto agree as
follows:

ARTICLE  1
----------

PURCHASE  AND  SALE
-------------------

1.1     Purchase  and  Sale  of Assets.  Subject to the terms and conditions set
        ------------------------------
forth  in  this  Agreement,  Seller  hereby agrees to sell, convey, transfer and
assign  to Buyer, and Buyer hereby agrees to purchase from Seller at the Closing
all of Seller's right, title and interest in and to the items listed in Schedule
A  attached  hereto free and clear of any and all liens (such assets referred to
collectively  as  the  "Acquired  Assets").

1.2     Delivery  of Acquired Assets.  On the "Closing Date", February 14, 2003,
        ----------------------------
Seller  shall  make  available  to  Buyer all of the Acquired Assets at Seller's
facilities in Tampa, Florida, and anywhere else the Acquired Assets are located.

1.3     Closing Deliveries by Seller and Buyer.  Without limiting the foregoing,
        --------------------------------------
at  the Closing,  (i)  Seller shall deliver to Buyer, duly executed by Seller, a
Bill  of  Sale  and General Assignment substantially in the form attached hereto
(the  "Bill  of  Sale")  and  an assignment of lease agreement  (the instruments
referred  to  in  this  Section  being  referred  to  herein  as  the "Ancillary
Agreements").

1.4       Liabilities.  Except  as  disclosed  on  the  financial  statements of
         ------------
Seller,  dated  December  31, 2002, provided to Buyer by Seller, Seller does not
have  any  material,  direct  or indirect, indebtedness, liability, claim, loss,
damage,  deficiency,  obligation  or responsibility, fixed or unfixed, choate or
inchoate,  liquidated  or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, accrued, absolute,
contingent  or  otherwise  (collectively, the "Liabilities"), that are not fully
and  adequately  reflected  or  reserved  against  on  the financials. As of the
Closing,  Seller  hereby  represents that there Seller has no liabilities. Buyer
shall  not  assume  or shall not be responsible for any debt, liability, duty or
obligation, whether fixed or contingent, of Seller, including without limitation
Seller's  obligations  arising  out  of  or relating to the facilities in Tampa,
Florida.

1.5     Closing.  The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
        -------
(the  "Closing")  shall  take place concurrently with the execution hereof to be
held  on  the  date  hereof at the offices of the Seller, Simply Cellular, Inc.,
located  at  12014  Anderson  Road,  Tampa, Florida, 33625 (the "Closing Date").

Payment  to  Seller.
-------------------

Payment  of  Purchase  Price.  The  aggregate  cash purchase price to be paid by
----------------------------
Buyer  to  Seller  for the Acquired Assets (the "Purchase Price") shall be Sixty
Seven  Thousand  ($67,000)  to be paid on the date hereof by Buyer to Seller via
electronic  funds  transfer,  such  sum  in  immediately available funds in U.S.
Dollars  to  an  account  or  accounts  designated  by  Seller.



<PAGE>

ARTICLE  2
----------

REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF  SELLER
--------------------------------------------

Except  as disclosed in the disclosure schedule attached hereto as an inducement
to  Buyer to enter into this Agreement, Seller hereby represents and warrants to
Buyer,  as  follows:

2.1     Organization of Seller.  Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly
        ----------------------
existing  and  in  good standing under the laws of the State of Florida.  Seller
has  all  requisite  corporate power and authority to own and use the properties
owned  and  used  by  it  and  to  carry on its business as currently conducted.
Seller is duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in each
juris-diction  in  which the failure to be so qualified or licensed would have a
Material  Adverse  Effect.

2.2      Authority.  Seller  has all requisite power and authority to enter into
         ---------
this  Agreement  and  each  Ancillary  Agreement,  to  perform  its  obligations
hereunder  and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
and  thereby.  The  execution  and  delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements  and  the  consummation  of  the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby  have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of  Seller, and no further action is required on the part of Seller to authorize
this  Agreement  and  the Ancillary Agreements and the transactions contemplated
hereby  and  thereby.  This  Agreement  and  the Ancillary Agreements constitute
valid  and  binding  obligations of Seller, enforceable in accordance with their
respective  terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by principles of
public  policy  and  subject  to  the  laws  of  general application relating to
bankruptcy,  insolvency  and  the  relief  of debtors and rules of law governing
specific  performance,  injunctive  relief  or  other  equitable  remedies.

2.3     No Conflict.  The execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement and
        -----------
the  Ancillary Agreements, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, do not and will not conflict with or result in any violation
of,  or  default  under,  or  give rise to a right of termination, cancellation,
modification  or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit (any such
event,  a  "Conflict")  under  (i)  any  provision  of  Seller's  Certificate of
Incorporation  or  Seller's  Bylaws,  each  as  currently  in  effect, (ii)  any
material  mortgage,  indenture,  lease,  contract,  covenant or other agreement,
instrument  or  commitment,  permit,  concession,  franchise  or  license or any
Transferred  Contract (each a "Material Contract" and collectively the "Material
Contracts")  to  which  Seller or any of its properties or assets is subject, or
(iii) any judgment or any order or decree issued by a Governmental Entity, or to
Seller's  knowledge, any other order or decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Seller or any of its properties or assets (tangible and
intangible).

2.4     Consents.  No  consent,  waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or
        --------
registration,  declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity, or a party to
any  Material  Contract  with  Seller  (so  as  not  to trigger any Conflict) is
required  by  or  with  respect  to  Seller in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  or  thereby.

2.5     Title to Properties; Absence of Liens and Encumbrances.  Seller has good
        ------------------------------------------------------
and  marketable  title to the Acquired Assets, free and clear of any Liens.  The
location  of  all  of  the  Acquired  Assets  shall  be  at  the Seller's leased
facilities  located  at  12014  Anderson  Road,  Tamp,  Florida,  33625.

2.6     Real  Estate.  Seller  represents  that  it  maintains  only  one leased
        ------------
premise  located  at 12014 Anderson Road, Tampa, Florida 33625. Seller currently
pays  a  monthly  rent  of  $____ .  Seller  represents  that  the lease
agreement,  provided to Buyer is true, correct and complete copies of which have
been  delivered  or  made  available  to Buyer, are in full force and effect and
Seller  has  not  received any notice of any default thereunder, nor does Seller
anticipate  any  such  notice of default. The undersigned parties, post Closing,
intend to obtain the written consent of the landlord to permit the assignment of
such  lease.

2.7     Litigation.  There  is  no action, suit, claim, proceeding, arbitration,
        ----------
hearing,  demand  or  cause  of action or investigation of any nature pending or
threatened  against  Seller  relating  to  the Acquired Assets, nor is there any
reasonable  basis  therefor.  There  is  no  investigation  or  other proceeding
pending  or  threatened  relating  to  the  Acquired  Assets  by  or  before any
Governmental  Entity,  nor is there any reasonable basis therefor.  There are no
judgments  and  no  orders  or decrees issued by any Governmental Entity, and to
Seller's  knowledge,  there  are no other orders or decrees, citations, fines or
penalties heretofore assessed against Seller affecting the Acquired Assets under
any  foreign,  federal,  state  or  local  law.


<PAGE>

2.8      Compliance With Law.  Seller has complied and is in compliance with all
         -------------------
applicable  federal,  state  and  local  laws, statutes, licensing requirements,
rules  and  regulations,  and judicial or administrative decisions applicable to
the  Acquired  Assets  or  the  Assumed  Liabilities.  There is no order issued,
investigation  or  proceeding  pending or, to Seller's knowledge, threatened, or
notice  served with respect to any violation of any law, ordinance, order, writ,
decree,  rule  or regulation issued by any Governmental Entity applicable to the
Acquired  Assets  or  the  Assumed  Liabilities.

2.9   Intellectual  Property.
      ----------------------

Schedule  A  of  the  Disclosure  Schedule,  together  with listing the Acquired
-----------
Assets,  shall  list  all  Transferred  Intellectual  Property  Rights  that are
Registered  Intellectual  Property  Rights.  All  such  Registered  Intellectual
Property  Rights  are  currently  in  compliance  with formal legal requirements
(including  payment  of  filing,  examination and maintenance fees and proofs of
use)  and  are not subject to any unpaid maintenance fees or actions falling due
within  thirty  (30)  days  after the Closing Date. The Transferred Intellectual
Property  Rights  does  not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property
Rights  of  any  Person,  and  Seller  has  not  received notice from any Person
claiming that the Transferred Technology constitutes unfair competition or trade
practices  under  the  laws  of  any jurisdiction. To the Seller's Knowledge, no
Person  is  infringing or misappropriating the Transferred Intellectual Property
Rights.  The  Transferred  Intellectual  Property  Rights are not subject to any
proceedings  or  actions  before  any  court,  tribunal  (including  the  PTO or
equivalent  authority anywhere in the world) to which Seller is a party thereto.
The  Transferred Intellectual Property Rights are not subject to any outstanding
decree,  order,  judgment, agreement or stipulation that restricts in any manner
the  use,  transfer  or  licensing  thereof.

2.10  Employee  Matters.
      -----------------

(a) Seller is not a party to, and there does not otherwise exist, any agreements
with  any  labor organization or collective bargaining or similar agreement with
respect  to  the  employees.  Seller is not a party to any outstanding contract,
commission  agreement,  settlement agreement, or compensation agreement with any
employee.  To  the  knowledge  of  Seller,  there are no complaints, grievances,
arbitrations,  employment-related  proceedings  or  administrative  proceedings,
either  pending  or  threatened  orally  or  in writing, involving any employee;
during the past five years, the business has not suffered or sustained any labor
dispute  resulting  in  any  work  stoppage and no such work stoppage is, to the
knowledge  of  Seller,  threatened.

(b)  There  is  no  litigation brought by any of the employees currently pending
against  Seller  in  any  municipal,  state  or  federal  court  or  agency.


ARTICLE  3
----------

REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF  BUYER
-------------------------------------------

As an inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement, Buyer hereby represents
and  warrants  to  Seller:

3.1  Organization  of  Buyer.  Buyer  is  a  corporation duly organized, validly
     -----------------------
existing,  and  in  good  standing  under  the  laws of Colorado.  Buyer has all
requisite  corporate power and authority to own and use the properties owned and
used  by it and to carry on its business as currently conducted and as currently
contemplated  to  be  conducted.  Buyer  is  duly  qualified  or  licensed to do
business  and  in good standing in each juris-diction in which the failure to be
so  qualified  or  licensed  would  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

3.2  Authority.  Buyer  has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter
     ---------
into this Agreement, each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party, to perform
its  obligations  hereunder  and  thereunder  and to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby  and thereby.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and  the  Ancillary  Agreements  and  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  and  thereby  have  been  duly authorized by all necessary
corporate  action on the part of Buyer, and no further action is required on the
part  of  Buyer  to authorize this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements and the
transactions  contemplated  hereby or thereby.  This Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements  have  been  duly  executed and delivered by Buyer and constitute the
valid  and  binding  obligations  of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their
respective  terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by principles of
public  policy  and  subject  to  the  laws  of  general application relating to
bankruptcy,  insolvency  and  the  relief  of debtors and rules of law governing
specific  performance,  injunctive  relief  or  other  equitable  remedies.

<PAGE>

3.3  No  Conflict.  The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and  the
     ------------
Ancillary  Agreements  to  which  Buyer  is a party, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not conflict with,
or  result  in  any  violation  of, or default under, or give rise to a Conflict
under  (i)  any  provision  of  Buyer's  Certificate of Incorporation or Buyer's
Bylaws,  each  as currently in effect, (ii) any Material Contract to which Buyer
or  any  of  its properties or assets are subject, or (iii) any judgment, order,
decree,  statute,  law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Buyer or its
properties  or  assets.

3.4  Consents.  No  consent,  waiver,  approval,  order  or authorization of, or
     --------
registration,  declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity, or any third
party,  including  a  party  to  any  Material Contract with Buyer (so as not to
trigger  any  Conflict),  is  required by or with respect to Buyer in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or
the  consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  or  thereby.

3.5   Compliance  with  Laws.  To Buyer's knowledge, Buyer has complied with, is
      ----------------------
not  in violation of, and has not received any notices of violation with respect
to, any foreign, federal, state or local statute, law or regulation with respect
to  the  conduct  or  operation  of  its  business.

ARTICLE  4
----------

COVENANTS  AND  AGREEMENTS
--------------------------

4.1      Additional Documents and Further Assurances.
        -------------------------------------------

(a)  Each  party  hereto,  at the request of another party hereto, shall execute
and deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and things
as  may  be  reasonably  necessary  or  desirable  for  effecting completely the
consummation  of  this  Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

(b)  Following  the  Closing,  Seller  will  afford  Buyer,  its counsel and its
accountants,  during  normal  business  hours,  reasonable  access to the books,
records  and  other  data,  if  any, relating to the Acquired Assets in Seller's
possession  with  respect  to periods prior to the Closing and the right to make
copies and extracts there from, to the extent that such access may be reasonably
required  by Buyer in connection with:  (i) the preparation of Tax Returns; (ii)
compliance  with  the  requirements  of  any  Governmental  Entity; and (iii) in
connection  with any actual or threatened action or proceeding by a third party.

4.2  Taxes.
     -----

(a)  To the extent relevant to the Acquired Assets, each party shall (i) provide
the  other with such assistance as may reasonably be required in connection with
the  preparation  of  any  Tax  Return  and  the  conduct  of any audit or other
examination  by  any  taxing  authority  or  in  connection  with  judicial  or
administrative  proceedings  relating to any liability for Taxes and (ii) retain
and  provide the other with all records or other information that may reasonably
be relevant to the preparation of any Tax Return, or the conduct of any audit or
examination, or other proceeding relating to Taxes for so long as the applicable
statute  of limitations has not expired.  Seller shall provide Buyer with copies
of  all documents, including prior years' Tax Returns, supporting work schedules
and  other  records  or information with respect to all sales, use, property and
employment  tax  returns,  absent  the  receipt  by  Seller  of the relevant tax
clearance  certificates.  The  parties hereto agree to keep all such information
confidential.


<PAGE>

4.3  Bulk Sales.   Seller covenants to pay all of its vendors in accordance with
     ----------
the  terms of its obligations. Seller represents that such transfer of assets is
not  a  fraudulent  conveyance.

4.4  Covenant  Not  to  Compete.
     --------------------------

(a)  Each  Party  acknowledges  that  the  non-compete terms, the limitations of
time,  geography  and  scope  of  activity  agreed  to  in  this  Agreement  are
reasonable.

(b)  During a Non-Compete Period of twelve months, Seller shall not, without the
prior  written  consent  of  Buyer,  engage or participate anywhere in the world
directly  or indirectly (e.g. license a third party), in a "Competing Business."

(c)  The  covenants contained in the preceding paragraph shall be construed as a
series  of  separate  covenants,  one for each country, province, state, city or
other  political  subdivision of the world in which Seller or Buyer, as the case
may  be,  is  currently  engaged  in  business  or otherwise sells its products.
Except  for  geographic coverage, each such separate covenant shall be identical
in  terms  to  the  covenant  contained in the preceding paragraphs.  If, in any
proceeding,  a  court  refuses to enforce any of such separate covenants (or any
part  thereof),  then  such  unenforceable  covenant  (or  such  part)  shall be
eliminated  from  this Agreement to the extent necessary to permit the remaining
separate  covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced.  In the event that the
provisions  of  this  Section  4.12 are deemed to exceed the time, geographic or
scope  limitations  permitted  by  applicable law, then such provisions shall be
reformed  to  the maximum time, geographic or scope limitations, as the case may
be,  permitted  by  applicable  laws.  Notwithstanding,  in the event one of the
covenants  set  forth  above  is  not  enforceable  in  whole or part, the other
covenant  shall  also  terminate.

4.5   No  Solicitation.  For  a  period  of  twelve months following the Closing
      ----------------
Date,  the  Seller  (nor  any  affiliate,  officer,  director  or representative
thereof)  shall  indirectly  or  directly  solicit or contact for the purpose of
soliciting  for  employment  any current or future employee of the Buyer, except
for  any  solicitation  made  through  general  advertisement.


4.6  Transition  Services  Agreement.  Buyer expressly agrees to comply with all
     -------------------------------
its  obligations,  including  without  limitation,  to vacate the Facilities (as
defined  in  the Transition Services Agreement) by not later than 5:00 PM  E.S.T
time  on  February  14,  2003.


ARTICLE  5
----------

SURVIVAL  OF  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES  AND  COVENANTS;  INDEMNIFICATION
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.1   Survival  of  Representations,  Warranties  and  Covenants.  The
      ----------------------------------------------------------
representations, warranties and covenants of Seller contained in this Agreement,
or  in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
shall  terminate  on  the  one  year  anniversary  of  the  Closing  Date.  The
representations,  warranties and covenants of Buyer contained in this Agreement,
or  in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
shall  terminate  on  the  one  year  anniversary  of  the  Closing  Date.

5.2   Indemnification.
     -----------------

(a)  Seller  hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its affiliates,
officers,  directors, counsel, employees and agents from and against any and all
losses,  liabilities,  damages,  demands,  claims,  suits, actions, judgments or
causes  of  action,  assessments,  costs  and  expenses,  including,  without
limitation,  interest,  penalties,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  any  and  all
expenses  incurred  in  investigating,  preparing  or  defending  against  any
litigation,  commenced  or  threatened, or any claim whatsoever, and any and all
amounts paid in settlement of any claim or litigation (collectively, "Damages"),
asserted against, resulting to, imposed upon, or incurred or suffered by Seller,
its  affiliates,  officers,  directors,  employees  or  agents,  directly  or
indirectly,  as  a  result  of  or  arising  from  any  of the following ("Buyer
Indemnifiable  Claims"):

(i)  Any  inaccuracy  in  or  breach  or  nonfulfillment  of  any  of  the
representations,  warranties,  covenants  or  agreements  made  by Buyer in this
Agreement  and  the  Ancillary  Agreements;

(ii)  Any  Assumed  Liabilities;  and

<PAGE>

(iii)  Any  Claim by any Person for brokerage or finders' fees or commissions or
similar  payments based upon any agreement or understanding alleged to have been
made  by  such  Person directly or indirectly with Buyer or any of its officers,
directors  or  employees in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
by  the  Agreement  or  the  Ancillary  Agreements.

(c)  The  procedures for effecting the indemnification contemplated hereby shall
be  as  follows:

(i)  If  Buyer or Seller determines to seek indemnification under this Article 5
with  respect  to  Indemnifiable  Claims (the party seeking such indemnification
hereinafter  referred  to  as the "Indemnified Party" and the party against whom
such  indemnification  is  sought  hereinafter  referred to as the "Indemnifying
Party")  resulting  from  the  assertion of liability by third parties (a "Third
Party Claim"), the Indemnified Party shall give notice to the Indemnifying Party
within 30 days of the Indemnified Party becoming aware of any such Indemnifiable
Claim  or  of  facts  upon which any such Indemnifiable Claim will be based; the
notice shall set forth such material information with respect thereto as is then
reasonably  available  to  the Indemnified Party.  In case any such liability is
asserted  against  the Indemnified Party, and the Indemnified Party notifies the
Indemnifying  Party  thereof,  the  Indemnifying Party shall be entitled, at its
expense,  to  participate  in  any defense of such claim.  The Indemnified Party
shall  promptly  defend  any  such Third Party Claim and shall have the right to
settle any Third Party Claim on reasonable terms with the written consent of the
Indemnifying  Party  (which  consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably  withheld).
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  (i)  the Indemnified Party shall also have the
right  to  employ its own counsel in any such case, and the fees and expenses of
such  counsel  shall  be  at  the  expense of the Indemnified Party and (ii) the
rights  of  the  Indemnified  Party  to  be  indemnified hereunder in respect of
Indemnifiable  Claims resulting from the assertion of liability by third parties
shall  not  be  adversely affected by its failure to give notice pursuant to the
foregoing unless, and, if so, only to the extent that, the Indemnifying Party is
materially  prejudiced thereby.  With respect to any assertion of liability by a
third  party  that  results  in an Indemnifiable Claim, the parties hereto shall
make  available  to  each  other  all  relevant  information in their possession
material  to  any  such  assertion.

(ii)  In  the event that the Indemnifying Party, within 30 days after receipt of
the  aforesaid  notice of an Indemnifiable Claim, fails to assume the defense of
the  Indemnified  Party  against such Indemnifiable Claim, the Indemnified Party
shall  have  the  right to undertake the defense of such action on behalf of and
for  the  account  and  risk  of  the  Indemnifying  Party;  provided  that  the
Indemnifying  Party  must consent in writing to the settlement of any such claim
(which  consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably  withheld).

(iii)       Notwithstanding  anything  in  this  Section  to  the  contrary, the
Indemnified  Party  shall  have  the  right  to  participate  in  such  defense,
compromise  or  settlement  and  the  Indemnifying  Party shall not, without the
Indemnified  Party's  written  consent  (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld),  settle  or compromise any Indemnifiable Claim or consent to entry of
any  judgment  in  respect thereof unless such settlement, compromise or consent
includes  as  an  unconditional  term  thereof the giving by the claimant or the
plaintiff  of  the  Indemnified Party a release from all liability in respect of
such  Indemnifiable  Claim.

(d)  In  the  event  that the Indemnified Party asserts the existence of a claim
giving  rise  to  Damages  (but excluding claims resulting from the assertion of
liability  by  third  parties), it shall give written notice to the Indemnifying
Party.  Such  written notice shall state that it is being given pursuant to this
Section,  specify  the  nature and amount of the claim asserted and indicate the
date  on  which  such  assertion  shall be deemed accepted and the amount of the
claim  deemed  a valid claim (such date to be established in accordance with the
next  sentence).  If the Indemnifying Party, within 60 days after the mailing of
notice  by  the  Indemnified  Party,  shall  not  give  written  notice  to  the
Indemnified  Party  announcing  its  intent  to  contest  such  assertion of the
Indemnified  Party,  such  assertion  shall be deemed accepted and the amount of
claim  shall  be  deemed  a  valid  claim.  In  the  event,  however,  that  the
Indemnifying  Party  contests  the  assertions of a claim by giving such written
notice  to  the Indemnified Party within said period, then the parties shall act
in  good  faith to reach agreement regarding such claim.  If agreement regarding
such  claim  is  not  reached,  then the matter shall be resolved by arbitration
between  the  parties  as  set  forth  in  Section  6.6  below.

5.3  Limitation  on  Liability.
     -------------------------

Notwithstanding  anything  to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any of
the  Ancillary  Agreements and except as expressly stated otherwise below, Buyer
shall  not be liable for any amounts with respect to any inaccuracy in or breach
or  nonfulfillment  of  any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
set forth in this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements.  Notwithstanding
the  foregoing,  the  Seller  may  seek  indemnification  for claims of fraud or
willful misconduct, claims related to the Assumed Liabilities and claims related
to  Buyer's  failure to fulfill the obligations set forth in Section 1.8 hereof,
without  regard  to the Limitation Amount.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no
event  shall  Buyer's  liability  with respect to any inaccuracy in or breach or
nonfulfillment  of  any  representations,  warranties,  covenants  or agreements
(except  for  any  liability arising out of Buyer's fraud or willful misconduct,
the Assumed Liabilities and the obligations set forth in Section 1.8 hereof) set
forth  in  this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements exceed the $100,000
in  the  aggregate.


ARTICLE  6
----------

GENERAL
-------

6.1   Notices.  All  notices  and  other  communications  hereunder  shall be in
      -------
writing  and  shall  be  deemed  given  if delivered personally or by commercial
messenger  or  courier  service,  or  mailed  by  certified mail (return receipt
requested)  or  sent via nationally recognized overnight delivery service to the
parties  at  the  following  addresses  (or at such other address for a party as
shall  be  specified  by  like  notice:

     (a)          if  to  Buyer,  to:
               FTS  Apparel  Inc.
               Attention:  Scott  Gallagher
               One  Oxford  Valley,  Suite  810
               Langhorne,  Pennsylvania

     (b)          if  to  Seller,  to:

                Simply  Cellular,  Inc.
               12014  Anderson  Road
               Tampa  Florida
               33625

Notices  sent  via  certified  mail  shall be deemed effective three postal days
after  deposit  in  the U.S. mail and those sent via overnight delivery shall be
deemed  effective  upon  receipt  or  refusal.

6.2   Entire  Agreement;  Assignment.  This Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements,
      ------------------------------
the  Schedules  and  Exhibits hereto, the Disclosure Schedule, and the documents
and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto referenced herein,
including  the  NDA:  (i) constitute the entire agreement among the parties with
respect  to  the  subject  matter  hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings  both  written  and  oral,  among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof; (ii) are not intended to confer upon any other person any
rights  or  remedies  hereunder; and (iii) shall not be assigned by operation of
law  or  otherwise.

6.3   Severability.  In  the  event  that any provision of this Agreement or the
      ------------
application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to  be  illegal,  void  or  unenforceable,  the remainder of this Agreement will
continue  in  full  force  and  effect and the appli-cation of such provision to
other  persons  or  circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect
the  intent  of  the  parties hereto.  The parties further agree to replace such
void
or  unenforceable  provision  of  this  Agreement  with  a valid and enforceable
provision  that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and
other  purposes  of  such  void  or  unenforceable  provision.

6.4   Amendment.  This  Agreement  may  be  amended by the parties hereto at any
      ---------
time  by  execution  of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties  hereto.

6.5    Extension;  Waiver.  At  any time prior to the Closing, Buyer, on the one
       ------------------
hand,  and  Seller,  on  the other hand, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of the other party
hereto,  (ii)  waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made
to such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, and
(iii)  waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit
of  such party contained herein.  Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to
any  such  extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument
in  writing  signed  on  behalf  of  such  party.  A  waiver  by  a party of the
performance of any covenant, agreement, obligation, condition, representation or
warranty  will  not  be  construed as a waiver of any other covenant, agreement,
obligation, condition, representation or warranty.  A waiver by any party of the
performance  of  any  act will not constitute a waiver of the performance of any
other  act  or  an  identical  act  required  to  be  performed at a later time.

6.6   Dispute  Resolution  and  Applicable  Law.
      -----------------------------------------

(a)  The  parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute arising out
of  or  relating  to  this  Agreement.  In  particular,  those executives of the
respective  parties who have authority to settle the controversy and have direct
responsibility  for  administration of the relationships established pursuant to
this Agreement shall attempt in good faith to negotiate a settlement pursuant to
the  following  process:

(b)  Any  party  having  a  dispute  or claim shall give the other party written
notice  stating  the  nature  of  the  dispute in reasonable detail.  Within ten
business  days after delivery of the notice, the receiving party shall submit to
the  other  a  written  response also in reasonable detail.  Within ten business
days  after  delivery of the written response, decision-makers from both parties
shall  meet  (in person or by telephone) at a mutually acceptable time and place
(including  telephonic  conference),  and thereafter as often as they reasonably
deem  necessary, to attempt to resolve the dispute.  All reasonable requests for
information  made  by  one  party  to  the  other  shall  be  honored.

(c)  If the matter has not been resolved by the persons referred to above within
ten  days of the first meeting of such persons, the dispute shall be referred to
more  senior  executives  of each party who have authority to settle the dispute
and  who  shall  likewise meet (in person or by telephone) to attempt to resolve
the  dispute.  If  after  such 10 day period the dispute remains unresolved, the
parties  shall  participate  in  a mediation conducted by a mutually agreed upon
mediator.  If  the  parties resolve such dispute either alone or with the aid of
the  mediator,  such resolution shall be binding on the parties and a settlement
agreement  shall  be  signed  by  each  party.

(d)   In  the event the parties are unable to resolve such dispute following the
mediation  procedures  provided in Section 6.6(c), either party may avail itself
of any remedies available to it, whether at law or in equity, including recourse
to  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction.  Each party shall have the right to
apply  to  a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  at  any  time  for a temporary
restraining  order,  preliminary  injunction,  or  other interim or conservatory
relief, as necessary, notwithstanding any informal dispute resolution procedures
herein.

(e)  In  connection  with any court proceeding relating to this Agreement or any
Ancillary  Agreement,  Buyer and Seller hereto irrevocably waive any jury trial.

(f)  The  parties  hereto each agree to the jurisdiction of any state or federal
court sitting in the State of Delaware and waive personal service of any and all
process upon it, and consent that all services of process be made as provided in
herein  and  directed  to  it  at  its  address as set forth in Section 6.1, and
service  so  made  shall  be  deemed to be completed when received.  The parties
hereto  each  waive  any  objection based on forum non convenience and waive any
objection  to  venue  of  any  action  instituted  hereunder.  Nothing  in  this
paragraph shall affect the right of the parties hereto to serve legal process in
any  other  manner  permitted  by  law.

6.7   Construction.
      ------------

(a) For purposes of this Agreement, whenever the context requires:  the singular
number  will  include  the  plural,  and  vice  versa; the masculine gender will
include  the  feminine  and neuter genders; the feminine gender will include the
masculine  and  neuter genders; and the neuter gender will include the masculine
and  feminine  genders.

(b)  Any  rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved
against  the  drafting  party  will  not  be  applied  in  the  construction  or
interpretation  of  this  Agreement.

(c)  As  used  in  this  Agreement,  the  words  "include"  and  "including" and
variations thereof will not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather will
be  deemed  to  be  followed  by  the  words  "without  limitation.

6.8  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
     ------------
all  of  which  shall  be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective  when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties
and  delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not
sign  the  same  counterpart.


<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Asset  Purchase  Agreement has been executed by the
parties  hereto  as  of  the  date  first  above  written.



     SELLER
     Simply  Cellular,  Inc



     By:     /s/ Peter Harrison

     Name:  Peter  Harrison

     Title: President

     BUYER

     FTS  Apparel  Inc.


     By:     /s/ Scott Gallagher

     Name:  Scott Gallagher

     Title:  President



<PAGE>


SCHEDULE  A  -  ASSETS

All  items  and  contents  of  the  store front location of 12014 Anderson Road,
Tampa,  Florida 33625, as of February 20, 2003 including but not limited to: all
furniture and fixtures, inventory, signage, Norstar phone system, 2 computers, a
brother  printer, a fax machine, all phone numbers including 1-877-CEL-DEAL, the
web  address  www.cellulardeals.com,  the web site www.cellulardeals.com and all
related  internet  files.





<PAGE>


DOCUMENT  OF  TRANSFER  /  BILL  OF  SALE
-----------------------------------------


This  BILL  OF  SALE (this "Bill of Sale"), dated February 14, 2003, is made and
                            ------------
entered  into  by  and  among  Simply  Cellular,  Inc.,  a  Florida  corporation
("Seller"),  and  FTS  APPAREL,  INC. a Colorado corporation ( the "Purchaser").
                                                                    ---------

WHEREAS:

Seller  desires to sell, assign and transfer to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires
to  purchase  and acquire from Seller, all of Seller's right, title and interest
in  and to each of the assets listed in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively,
                                        ---------
the "Purchased Assets"), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
     ----------------
this  Bill  of  Sale.

Agreements:

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Bill
of Sale, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

1.     Transfer of Assets.  Seller hereby sells, assigns and transfers to
       ------------------
Purchaser and its successors and assigns all of Seller's right, title and
interest in and to each and all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all
Encumbrances.

2.     No Reservations or Qualifications.  The Purchased Assets that are being
       ---------------------------------
sold, assigned and transferred by this Bill of Sale are being sold, assigned and
     transferred to Purchaser without reservation or qualification, and Seller
hereby agrees to defend the sale, assignment and transfer of the Purchased
Assets made hereby to Purchaser against all persons and entities lawfully
claiming the whole or any part thereof.

3.     Further Assurances.  Seller hereby covenants and agrees with Purchaser
       ------------------
that it shall, at any time and from time to time, upon written request
therefore, duly execute and deliver all such documents, instruments, forms and
authorizations as may be necessary for Seller to vest title in and to each and
all of the Purchased Assets in Purchaser and to validly sell, assign and
transfer to Purchaser all of Seller's right, title and interest in and to each
and all of the Purchased Assets and to otherwise give effect to the terms
hereof, including any and all consents to, and releases with respect to, such
sale, assignment and transfer as may be required.

4.     Miscellaneous.  This Bill of Sale shall be governed by the internal
       -------------
substantive laws of the United States of America and the State of Florida, and
it shall be deemed to have been executed within the State of Florida.  All of
the terms and provisions of this Bill of Sale shall be binding upon, and shall
inure to the benefit of, each of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns.  If any provision of this Bill of Sale is found to be
invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Bill
     of Sale, which shall remain in full force and effect.  Any and all disputes
arising under or concerning this Bill of Sale must be brought in the state or
federal courts sitting in the State of Florida, and each party hereby consents
to the exercise of jurisdiction by such courts over any such disputes.  No
waiver of any term of this Bill of Sale shall be deemed a further or continuing
waiver of such term or any other term.  Any changes to this Bill of Sale must be
made in writing, signed by an authorized representative of each party hereto.

5.     Notices. All notices or other communications which are required or may be
       -------
     given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be sufficient if
delivered personally, telecopied, sent by nationally-recognized, overnight
courier or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested),
postage prepaid, to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other
address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):


If to Seller:   Simply Cellular, Inc
                Attention: Peter Harrison
                12014 Anderson Road
                Tampa, Florida 33625


If to Purchaser: FTS APPAREL, INC.
                 Attention: Scott Gallagher
                 One Oxford Valley, Suite 810
                  Langhorne, Pennsylvania


All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been given and
received (i) in the case of personal delivery, on the date of such delivery,
(ii) in the case of delivery by telecopy, on the date of such delivery (if sent
on a business day, or if sent on other than a business day, on the next business
day after the date sent), (iii) in the case of delivery by
nationally-recognized, overnight courier, on the business day following
dispatch, and (iv) in the case of mailing, on the third business day following
such mailing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Purchaser have caused this Bill of Sale to be
executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized representatives as of
the date first written above.


"PURCHASER"
FTS APPAREL, INC., a Colorado corporation

By: /s/ Scott Gallagher


Name: Scott Gallagher
Title: President

"SELLER"
SIMPLY CELLULAR, INC., a Florida corporation

By:  /s/ Peter Harrison

Name: Peter Harrison
Title:


<PAGE>



ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE
-------------------


     This ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE is entered into as of February 14, 2002, by and
between FTS Apparel, Inc., a Colorado corporation ("Purchaser") and Simply
Cellular, Inc., a Florida corporation ("Seller").

BACKGROUND
----------

     A.     Pursuant to that certain Lease dated August 1, 2001 ("Lease"),
by and between Simply Cellular, Inc. and Life Investor Inc., Co., as landlord
("Landlord"), Seller is the owner of a leasehold interest in the premises,
located at 12014 Anderson Road, Tampa, FL 33625 (the "Premises") as more fully
described in the Lease, a true, correct and complete copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference; and

     B.     Pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of
certain assets of Seller, dated as of  February 14,  2003 ("Agreement"), Seller
has agreed to transfer, and Purchaser has agreed to acquire, certain assets of
Seller and to assume certain of the liabilities of Seller, including the Lease.


     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Premises and the mutual covenants
and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby covenant and agree as follows:

     1.     Seller hereby assigns, transfers and sets over to Purchaser all of
Seller's right, title, interest          in and to Seller's interest as lessee
under the Lease effective as of the Closing of the Acquisition
("Effective Date").

2.     Purchaser hereby accepts the aforesaid assignment, and hereby assumes all
of the rights, responsibilities, liabilities and obligations of Seller, as
lessee, under the terms, conditions and covenants contained in the Lease, with
like force and effect as if Purchaser had executed the Lease in the first
instance.

3.     Seller shall remain liable only for the observance and performance of its
obligations as lessee under the Lease arising prior to the Effective Date.
Purchaser shall be liable for the observance and performance of its obligations
as lessee under the Lease arising on and after the Effective Date.

4.     Seller shall be responsible for and shall indemnify Purchaser, pursuant
to the Agreement, regarding the observance and performance of all of the
agreements and obligations of Seller as lessee under the Lease arising prior to
the Effective Date.  Purchaser shall be responsible for and shall indemnify
Seller, pursuant to the Agreement, regarding the observance and performance of
all of the agreements and obligations of Seller as lessee under the Lease
arising on or after the Effective Date.

5.     The parties agree that this Assignment will not be changed, modified,
discharged or terminated orally or in any manner other than an agreement in
writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

6.     The agreements, terms and provision of this Assignment shall bind and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns.  The parties shall execute and deliver such further and additional
instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary to evidence or
carry out the provisions of this Assignment.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound
hereby, have caused this Assignment of Lease to be executed as of the date first
above written.

PURCHASER:

FTS Apparel, Inc.


By: /s/ Scott Gallagher
Name: Scott Gallagher
Title: President



SELLER:

Simply Cellular, Inc.


By: /s/ Peter Harrison
Name: Peter Harrison
Title: President
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
