<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 10.1



                              --------------------

                                FTS APPAREL, INC.
                              --------------------





      This offering consists of up to $400,000 of the Company's Convertible
                         Debentures convertible into the
                             Company's Common Stock.



                              --------------------



                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT



                               -------------------


















<PAGE>



                             SUBSCRIPTION PROCEDURES


         Convertible Debentures of FTS Apparel, Inc. (the "Company") are being
offered (the "Debentures"). This offering is being made in accordance with the
exemptions from registration provided for under Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act") and Rule 506 of Regulation D
promulgated under the 1933 Act.

         In order to purchase Debentures, each subscriber must complete and
execute a questionnaire (the "Questionnaire") and a subscription agreement (the
"Subscription Agreement"). In addition, the subscriber must make a payment to an
escrow fund for the amount being purchased. All subscriptions are subject to
acceptance by the Company, which shall not occur until the Company has returned
the signed Company Signature Page.

                  The Questionnaire is designed to enable the Purchaser to
demonstrate the minimum legal requirements under federal and state securities
laws to purchase the Debentures. The Signature Page for the Questionnaire and
the Subscription Agreement contain representations relating to the subscription
and should be reviewed carefully by each subscriber.

         If you are a foreign person or foreign entity, you may be subject to a
withholding tax equal to 30% of any dividends paid by the Company. In order to
eliminate or reduce such withholding tax you must submit a properly executed
I.R.S. Form 4224 (Exemption from Withholding of Tax on Income Effectively
Connected with the Conduct of a Trade or Business in the United States) or
I.R.S. Form 1001 (Ownership Exemption or Reduced Trade Certificate), claiming
exemption from withholding or eligibility for treaty benefits in the form of a
lower rate of withholding tax on interest or dividends.

         Payment must be made by wire transfer to Joseph B. LaRocco, Esq. (the
"Escrow Agent") per the wire instructions that will be established. In the event
of a termination of the offering or the rejection of a subscription,
subscription funds will be returned by the Escrow Agent without interest or
charges.



THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD
IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH LAWS. THE
SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT
BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS PURSUANT TO
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR
DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY
AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE
MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE OFFERING MATERIALS.
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL.


                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


To:      FTS APPAREL, INC.
         -----------------

         This Subscription Agreement is made between FTS APPAREL, INC., a
Colorado corporation, (the "Company"), and the undersigned prospective purchaser
("Purchaser") who is subscribing hereby for the Company's convertible debentures
(the "Debentures"). This subscription is submitted to you in accordance with and
subject to the terms and conditions described in this Subscription Agreement,
together with any Exhibits thereto, relating to an offering (the "Offering") of
up to $400,000 of Debentures. The Offering is limited to accredited investors
and is made in accordance with the exemptions from registration provided for
under Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
under the 1933 Act ("Regulation D").

1.       SUBSCRIPTION.

         (a) The Purchaser hereby irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to
purchase that amount of Debentures as stated on the signature page upon the
terms set forth in this Subscription Agreement. The Debentures shall pay a 6%
cumulative interest, compounded daily, payable in arrears at the time of each
conversion, in cash or in common stock of the Company, $.001 par value ("Common
Stock"), at the Company's option. If paid in Common Stock, the number of shares
of the Company's Common Stock to be received shall be determined by dividing the
amount of the accrued and unpaid interest by the conversion price as of the time
of conversion under the terms of the Debenture. If the dividend is to be paid in
cash, the Company shall notify Investor on the Converstion Date and make such
payment on the next business day. The Debentures are subject to automatic
conversion at the end of Four (4) years from the date of issuance at which time
all Debentures outstanding will be automatically converted based upon the terms
set forth in the Debenture. The closing shall be deemed to have occurred on the
date funds, less escrow fees, attorney fees and other amounts payable pursuant
to the Escrow Agreement, are received by the Company (the "Closing Date"). The
initial closing shall be held not later than the fifth day after execution of
this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.

         (b) Upon receipt by the Company of the requisite payment for the
Debentures being purchased, the Debentures so purchased will be forwarded by the
Escrow Agent to the Purchaser or its broker, as listed on the signature page,
and the name of such Purchaser will be registered on the Debenture transfer
books of the Company as the record owner of such Debentures. The Escrow Agent
shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted by him in good faith and in
no event shall the Escrow Agent be liable or responsible except for the Escrow
Agent's own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Escrow Agent has made no
representations or warranties in connection with this transaction and has not
been involved in the negotiation of the terms of this Agreement or any matters
relative thereto. The Company and Purchaser each agree to indemnify and hold
harmless the Escrow Agent from and with respect to any suits, claims, actions or
liabilities arising in any way out of this transaction including the obligation
to defend any legal action brought which in any way arises out of or is related
to this Agreement.

         (c) As long as the Purchaser owns the Debenture, the Purchaser shall
have the right to change the terms for the balance of the Debenture it then
holds, to match the terms of any other offering of securities made by the
Company.


         (d) The Purchasers shall fund $200,000 upon the initial closing and an
additional $200,000 on a pro-rata basis not later than three (3) business days
following the date the registration statement covering this Offering is declared
effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

         (e) The Purchaser retains the right to choose legal council for
preparation and filing of the registration statement for this Debenture.

2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

         The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the
Company as follows:

                  (a) The Purchaser has been furnished with, and has carefully
         read the applicable form of Registration Rights Agreement annexed
         hereto as Exhibit B (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), and the
         Debenture annexed hereto as Exhibit C and is familiar with and
         understands the terms of the Offering. With respect to tax and other
         economic considerations involved in his investment, the Purchaser is
         not relying on the Company. The Purchaser has carefully considered and
         has, to the extent the Purchaser believes such discussion necessary,
         discussed with the Purchaser 's professional legal, tax, accounting and
         financial advisors the suitability of an investment in the Company, by
         purchasing the Debentures, for the Purchaser 's particular tax and
         financial situation and has determined that the investment being made
         by the Purchaser is a suitable investment for the Purchaser.

                  (b) The Purchaser acknowledges that all documents, records,
         and books pertaining to this investment which the Purchaser has
         requested have been made available for inspection or the Purchaser has
         had access thereto.

                  (c) The Purchaser has had a reasonable opportunity to ask
         questions of and receive answers from a person or persons acting on
         behalf of the Company concerning the Offering and if such opportunity
         was taken, all such questions have been answered to the full
         satisfaction of the Purchaser.

                  (d) The Purchaser will not sell, or otherwise dispose of the
         Debentures or the Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Debentures
         without registration under the 1933 Act or applicable state securities
         laws or compliance with an exemption therefrom. The Debentures have not
         been registered under the 1933 Act or under the securities laws of any
         state. Resales of the Common Stock underlying the Debentures or issued
         in payment of accrued interest on the Debentures are to be registered
         by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights
         Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated herein and made
         a part hereof.

                  (e) The Purchaser recognizes that an investment in the
         Debentures involves substantial risks, including loss of the entire
         amount of such investment. Further, the Purchaser has carefully read
         and considered the schedule entitled Litigation matters attached hereto
         as Schedule 3(h).

                  (f) The Purchaser acknowledges that each certificate
         representing the Debentures (and the shares of Common Stock issued upon
         conversion of the Debentures, unless registered) or in payment of
         dividends on the Debentures shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted
         with a legend substantially in the following form:

                  THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE
                  OFFERED OR SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR
                  OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT (i) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
                  REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
                  AMENDED, (ii) TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, PURSUANT TO RULE 144
                  UNDER THE ACT (OR ANY SIMILAR RULE UNDER SUCH ACT RELATING TO
                  THE DISPOSITION OF SECURITIES), OR (iii) PURSUANT TO AN
                  AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT.

                  If Purchaser sends a Notice of Conversion (See Exhibit A
         attached hereto), and provided a registration statement under the
         Securities Act of 1933 is in effect as to the sale, then in such event
         the Company shall have its transfer agent send Purchaser the
         appropriate number of shares of Common Stock without restrictive
         legends and not subject to stop transfer instructions.

                  (g) The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it shall not be
         entitled to seek any remedies with respect to the Offering from any
         party other than the Company.

                  (h) If this Subscription Agreement is executed and delivered
         on behalf of a corporation: (i) such corporation has the full legal
         right and power and all authority and approval required (a) to execute
         and deliver, or authorize execution and delivery of, this Subscription
         Agreement and all other instruments (including, without limitation, the
         Registration Rights Agreement) executed and delivered by or on behalf
         of such corporation in connection with the purchase of the Debentures
         and (b) to purchase and hold the Debentures; and (ii) the signature of
         the party signing on behalf of such corporation is binding upon such
         corporation.

                  (i) The Purchaser is not subscribing for the Debentures as a
         result of, or pursuant to, any advertisement, article, notice or other
         communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or
         broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or
         meeting.

                   (j) The Purchaser is purchasing the Debentures for its own
         account for investment, and not with a view toward the resale or
         distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted
         from registration under the 1933 Act. The Purchaser has not offered or
         sold any portion of the Debentures being acquired nor does the
         Purchaser have any present intention of dividing the Debentures with
         others or of selling, distributing or otherwise disposing of any
         portion of the Debentures either currently or after the passage of a
         fixed or determinable period of time or upon the occurrence or
         non-occurrence of any predetermined event or circumstance in violation
         of the 1933 Act provided, however, that by making the representations
         herein, Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Debentures for any
         minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the
         Debentures at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration
         statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. Purchaser is neither an
         underwriter of, nor a dealer in, the Debentures or the Common Stock
         issuable upon conversion thereof or upon the payment of dividends
         thereon and is not participating in the distribution or resale of the
         Debentures or the Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise
         thereof. Except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, the
         Company has no obligation to register the Common Stock underlying
         Debentures and the Common Stock that may be issued in lieu of cash
         dividends.

                  (k) The Purchaser or the Purchaser's representatives, as the
         case may be, has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and
         business matters so as to enable the Purchaser to utilize the
         information made available to the Purchaser in connection with the
         Offering to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the
         Debentures and to make an informed investment decision with respect
         thereto.

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

         Except as set forth in the Schedules attached hereto, the Company
represents and warrants to the Purchaser that:

         a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and its "SUBSIDIARIES"
(which for purposes of this Subscription Agreement means any entity in which the
Company, directly or indirectly, owns capital stock or holds an equity or
similar interest) (a complete list of which is set forth in Schedule 3(a)) are
corporations duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws
of the respective jurisdictions of their incorporation, and have the requisite
corporate power and authorization to own their properties and to carry on their
business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is
duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the
extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Subscription Agreement, "MATERIAL
ADVERSE EFFECT" means any material adverse effect on the business, properties,
assets, operations, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the
transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements and instruments to be
entered into in connection herewith, or on the authority or ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined
in Section 3(b)below).

         b. Authorization; Enforcement; Compliance with Other Instruments. (i)
The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
perform this Subscription Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the
Escrow Agreement, and each of the other agreements entered into by the parties
hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Subscription
Agreement (collectively, the "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS"), and to issue the
Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution
and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by
it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including without
limitation the reservation for issuance and the issuance of the Debentures
pursuant to this Subscription Agreement, have been duly and validly authorized
by the Company's Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization is
required by the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders, (iii) the
Transaction Documents have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the
Company, and (iv) the Transaction Documents constitute the valid and binding
obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement
of creditors' rights and remedies.

         c. Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock
of the Company consists of __________ shares of Common Stock, of which as of the
date hereof, approximately __________ shares are issued and outstanding,
___________ shares of Preferred Stock of which none are issued and outstanding
and approximately ______________ (as of February 12, 2003) shares of Common
Stock are issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants and conversion rights.
All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Except as disclosed in Schedule
3(c) which is attached hereto and made a part hereof, (i) no shares of the
Company's capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar
rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii)
there are no outstanding debt securities, (iii) there are no outstanding shares
of capital stock, options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights
convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there
are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under
the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement), (v) there are no
outstanding securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain
any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of
the Securities as described in this Subscription Agreement, (vii) the Company
does not have any stock appreciation rights or "phantom stock" plans or
agreements or any similar plan or agreement and (viii) there is no dispute as to
the class of any shares of the Company's capital stock. The Company has
furnished to the Purchaser, or the Purchaser has had access through EDGAR to,
true and correct copies of the Company's Articles of Incorporation, as in effect
on the date hereof (the "ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION"), and the Company's By-laws,
as in effect on the date hereof (the "BY-LAWS `), and the terms of all
securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock and the material
rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

         d. Issuance of Debentures. A sufficient number of Debentures issuable
pursuant to this Subscription Agreement, but not more than 19.99% of the shares
of Common Stock outstanding as of the date hereof (if the Company becomes listed
on Nasdaq or the American Stock Exchange), has been duly authorized and reserved
for issuance pursuant to this Subscription Agreement. Upon issuance in
accordance with this Subscription Agreement, the Debentures will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
with respect to the issue thereof. In the event the Company cannot register a
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock, due to the remaining number of
authorized shares of Common Stock being insufficient, the Company will use its
best efforts to register the maximum number of shares it can based on the
remaining balance of authorized shares and will use its best efforts to increase
the number of its authorized shares as soon as reasonably practicable.

         e. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation
of the Articles of Incorporation, any Certificate of Designations, Preferences
and Rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or the
By-laws or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any material agreement, contract, indenture mortgage,
indebtedness or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party, or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree, including United States federal and state securities laws and
regulations and the rules and regulations of the principal securities exchange
or trading market on which the Common Stock is traded or listed (the "Principal
Market"), applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or
affected. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), neither the Company nor its
Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of, or in default under, the Articles
of Incorporation, any Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of any
outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or the By-laws or their
organizational charter or by-laws, respectively, or any contract, agreement,
mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument, judgment, decree or order or any
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
except for possible conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
accelerations, cancellations and violations that would not individually or in
the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Company and
its Subsidiaries is not being conducted, and shall not be conducted, in
violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, order or regulation of any
governmental authority or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory agency, or
court, except for possible violations the sanctions for which either
individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except as specifically contemplated by this Subscription Agreement and as
required under the 1933 Act, the Company is not required to obtain any consent,
authorization, permit or order of, or make any filing or registration (except
the filing of a registration statement) with, any court, governmental authority
or agency, regulatory or self-regulatory agency or other third party in order
for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under, or
contemplated by, the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof
or thereof. All consents, authorizations, permits, orders, filings and
registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding
sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof and are
in full force and effect as of the date hereof. Except as disclosed in Schedule
3(e), the Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company is not, and will not
be, in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market as in
effect on the date hereof and on each of the Closing Dates and is not aware of
any facts which would reasonably lead to delisting of the Common Stock by the
Principal Market in the foreseeable future.

         f. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Since January 1, 2003, the
Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC")
pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934 ("1934 Act") (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all
exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the
"SEC DOCUMENTS"). The Company has delivered to the Purchaser or its
representatives, or they have had access through EDGAR, to true and complete
copies of the SEC Documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the
SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the
Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be
otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii)
in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof
and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments). No other written information provided by or on behalf of the
Company to the Purchaser which is not included in the SEC Documents, including,
without limitation, information referred to in Section 3(d) of this Subscription
Agreement, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstance under which they are or were made, not misleading.

         g. Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(g) or
the SEC Documents filed at least five (5) days prior to the date hereof, since
December 31, 2002, there has been no change or development in the business,
properties, assets, operations, financial condition, results of operations or
prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries which has had or reasonably could
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not taken any steps, and does
not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any
bankruptcy law nor does the Company or its Subsidiaries have any knowledge or
reason to believe that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy
proceedings.

         h. Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(h), there
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending
or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company, the Common Stock or
any of the Company's Subsidiaries or any of the Company's or the Company's
Subsidiaries' officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an
adverse decision could have a Material Adverse Effect.

         i. Acknowledgment Regarding the Purchase of Debentures. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of
arm's length investor with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the
Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by the
Purchaser or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection with
the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchaser's purchase of the Debentures. The Company
further represents to the Purchaser that the Company's decision to enter into
the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by
the Company and its representatives.

         j. Intentionally omitted.

         k. Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is involved in any union labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, is any such dispute threatened. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the
Company and its Subsidiaries believe that relations with their employees are
good. No executive officer (as defined in Rule 501(f) of the 1933 Act) has
notified the Company that such officer intends to leave the Company's employ or
otherwise terminate such officer's employment with the Company.

         l. Intellectual Property Rights. All patents, patent applications,
trademark registrations and applications for trademark registration held by the
Company are owned free and clear of all mortgages, liens, charges or
encumbrances whatsoever. No licenses have been granted with respect to these
items and the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any knowledge of any
infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights,
patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service
marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other similar rights of
others, and, except as set forth on Schedule 3(l), there is no claim, action or
proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Company's knowledge, being
threatened against, the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade
name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names,
service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement;
and the Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality
and value of all of their intellectual properties.

         m. Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in
compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws
and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the
environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or
contaminants ("ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS"), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or
other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct
their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and
conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each of the three
foregoing cases, the failure to so comply would have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

         n. Title. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable
title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all
personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and
defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(n) or such as do not
materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the
Company and its Subsidiaries.

         o. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and
customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are
engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any
insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its
existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its
business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         p. Regulatory Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries have in full
force and effect all certificates, approvals, authorizations and permits from
the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities and
comparable foreign regulatory agencies, necessary to own, lease or operate their
respective properties and assets and conduct their respective businesses, and
neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of
proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
approval, authorization or permit, except for such certificates, approvals,
authorizations or permits which if not obtained, or such revocations or
modifications which, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         q. Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
management's general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

         r. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the
judgment of the Company's officers has or is expected in the future to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company's
officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         s. Tax Status. The Company's consolidated 2002 federal income tax
return, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all United
States federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and
only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside
on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and
unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and
charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith
and has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of
all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports
or declarations apply. Except for unpaid federal withholding taxes, there are no
unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of
any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such
claim.

         t. Certain Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(t) and in
the SEC Documents filed at least ten days prior to the date hereof and except
for arm's length transactions pursuant to which the Company makes payments in
the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company
could obtain from third parties and other than the grant of stock options
disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers, directors, or employees of the
Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the
furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer,
director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation,
partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or
partner.

         u. Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon purchases pursuant to this
Subscription Agreement will increase in certain circumstances including, but not
necessarily limited to, the circumstance wherein the trading price of the Common
Stock declines following the effective date of the registration statement
covering the Common Stock underlying the Debentures (the "Effective Date"). The
Company's executive officers and directors have studied and fully understand the
nature of the transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement and
recognize that they have a potential dilutive effect. The board of directors of
the Company has concluded, in its good faith business judgment, that such
issuance is in the best interests of the Company. The Company specifically
acknowledges that, subject to such limitations as are expressly set forth in the
Transaction Documents, its obligation to issue shares of Common Stock upon
purchases pursuant to this Subscription Agreement is absolute and unconditional
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership
interests of other shareholders of the Company.

         v. Additional Financings. The Company shall not, directly or
indirectly, without the prior written consent of Dutchess Private Equities Fund,
L.P., offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any of its Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock, or file any
registration statement, including those on Form S-8 for any securities (a
"SUBSEQUENT FINANCING") for a period of 180 days after the Effective Date.

         w. Lock-up Period. The Company agrees to have its officers, insiders,
directors and affiliates refrain from selling Common Stock or filing to sell
during the one hundred and eighty (180) calendar day period following the date
the registration statement for this Offering is declared effective.

4.       COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

         a. Best Efforts. The Company shall use its best efforts timely to
satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in this
Subscription Agreement.

         b. Blue Sky. The Company shall, at its sole cost and expense, make all
filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Debentures and the
Common Stock underlying the Debentures as required under the applicable
securities or "Blue Sky" laws of such states of the United States as specified
by the Purchaser.

         c. Reporting Status. Until the earlier of (i) the date that the
Purchaser may sell all of the Common Stock underlying the shares acquired
pursuant to this Subscription Agreement without restriction pursuant to Rule
144(k) promulgated under the 1933 Act (or successor thereto), or (ii) the date
on which the Purchaser shall have sold all the Common Stock underlying the
Debentures, the Company shall file all reports required to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate its status as a
reporting company under the 1934 Act.

         d. Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of
the Debentures (excluding amounts paid by the Company for fees as set forth in
the Transaction Documents) for general corporate and working capital purposes.

         e. Financial Information. The Company agrees to make available to the
Purchaser via EDGAR or other electronic means the following: (i) within five (5)
business days after the filing thereof with the SEC, a copy of its Annual
Reports on Form 10-KSB, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB, any Current
Reports on Form 8-K and any Registration Statements or amendments filed pursuant
to the 1933 Act; (ii) on the same day as the release thereof, facsimile copies
of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii)
copies of any notices and other information made available or given to the
shareholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the making
available or giving thereof to the shareholders and (iv) within two (2) calendar
days of filing or delivery thereof, copies of all documents filed with, and all
correspondence sent to, the Principal Market, any securities exchange or market,
or the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

         f. Reservation of Common Stock. Subject to the following sentence, the
Company shall take all action necessary to at all times have authorized, and
reserved for the purpose of issuance, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the issuance of the Common Stock underlying the Debentures.
In the event that the Company determines that it does not have a sufficient
number of authorized shares of Common Stock to reserve and keep available for
issuance, the Company shall use its best efforts to increase the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock by seeking shareholder approval for the
authorization of such additional shares. If the investor feels that there is not
enough shares registered they have the right to have the company issue more
shares.

         g. Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the
Common Stock underlying the Debentures upon the Principal Market and each other
national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which
shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance)
and shall maintain, such listing. The Company shall maintain the Common Stock's
authorization for quotation on the Principal Market, unless the Purchaser and
the Company agree otherwise, and the Company shall use its best efforts to
promptly make application for listing on the new Bulletin Board Exchange not
later than ninety (90) calendar days after the date the Company receives its
application in the mail. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall
take any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or
suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (excluding suspensions of
not more than one trading day resulting from business announcements by the
Company). The Company shall promptly provide to the Purchaser copies of any
notices it receives from the Principal Market regarding the continued
eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such automated quotation system
or securities exchange. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in
connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section.
         h. Transactions With Affiliates. The Company shall not, and shall cause
each of its Subsidiaries not to, enter into, amend, modify or supplement, or
permit any Subsidiary to enter into, amend, modify or supplement, any agreement,
transaction, commitment or arrangement with any of its or any Subsidiary's
officers, directors, persons who were officers or directors at any time during
the previous two years, shareholders who beneficially own 5% or more of the
Common Stock, or affiliates or with any individual related by blood, marriage or
adoption to any such individual or with any entity in which any such entity or
individual owns a 5% or more beneficial interest (each a "RELATED PARTY"),
except for (i) customary employment arrangements and benefit programs on
reasonable terms (including changes currently under discussion with the
Company's Board of Directors concerning the compensation, to be payable in
stock, of the Chairman of the Board), (ii) any agreement, transaction,
commitment or arrangement on an arms-length basis on terms no less favorable
than terms which would have been obtainable from a person other than such
Related Party, or (iii) any agreement, transaction, commitment or arrangement
which is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company.
For purposes hereof, any director who is also an officer of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company shall not be a disinterested director with respect to
any such agreement, transaction, commitment or arrangement. "AFFILIATE" for
purposes hereof means, with respect to any person or entity, another person or
entity that, directly or indirectly, (i) has a 5% or more equity interest in
that person or entity, (ii) has 5% or more common ownership with that person or
entity, (iii) Controls that person or entity, or (iv) shares common control with
that person or entity. "CONTROL" or "CONTROLS" for purposes hereof means that a
person or entity has the power, direct or indirect, to conduct or govern the
policies of another person or entity.

         i. Intentionally deleted.

         j. Corporate Existence. The Company shall use its best efforts to
preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company.

         k. Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration. The Company shall
promptly notify Purchaser upon the occurrence of any of the following events in
respect of a registration statement or related prospectus covering the Common
Stock underlying the Debentures: (i) receipt of any request for additional
information by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority
during the period of effectiveness of the registration statement for amendments
or supplements to the registration statement or related prospectus; (ii) the
issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any
stop order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement or the
initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Common Stock underlying the Debentures for sale
in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made in such
registration statement or related prospectus or any document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or
that requires the making of any changes in the registration statement, related
prospectus or documents so that, in the case of a registration statement, it
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related prospectus, it will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; and (v) the Company's reasonable determination that a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement would be appropriate, and the Company
shall promptly make available to Purchaser any such supplement or amendment to
the related prospectus.

         l. Indemnification. In consideration of the Purchaser's execution and
delivery of the this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and
acquiring the Debentures hereunder and in addition to all of the Company's other
obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect,
indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and all of their shareholders,
officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of the
foregoing person's agents or other representatives (including, without
limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement) (collectively, the "Indemnitees") from and against any and all
actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees,
liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of
whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification
hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements
(the "Indemnified Liabilities"), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or
arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any
representation or warranty made by the Company in the Transaction Documents or
any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company
contained in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or
document contemplated hereby or thereby, (iii) any cause of action, suit or
claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party and arising out
of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the
Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby, (iv) any transaction financed or to be financed
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance
of the Debentures or (v) the status of the Purchaser as an investor in the
Company, except insofar as any such untrue statement, alleged untrue statement,
omission or alleged omission is made in reliance upon and in conformity with
written information furnished to the Company by the Purchaser which is
specifically intended by the Purchaser for use in the preparation of any such
Registration Statement, preliminary prospectus or prospectus. To the extent that
the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason,
the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction
of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable
law. The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to any cause
of action or similar rights the Purchaser may have, and any liabilities to which
the Purchaser may be subject.

         m. Reimbursement. If (i) Purchaser, other than by reason of its gross
negligence or willful misconduct, becomes involved in any capacity in any
action, proceeding or investigation brought by any shareholder of the Company,
in connection with or as a result of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or if Purchaser is impleaded in any
such action, proceeding or investigation by any person, or (ii) Purchaser, other
than by reason of its gross negligence or willful misconduct or by reason of its
trading of the Common Stock in a manner that is illegal under the federal
securities laws, becomes involved in any capacity in any action, proceeding or
investigation brought by the SEC against or involving the Company or in
connection with or as a result of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or if Purchaser is impleaded in any
such action, proceeding or investigation by any person, then in any such case,
the Company will reimburse Purchaser for its reasonable legal and other expenses
(including the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in connection
therewith, as such expenses are incurred. In addition, other than with respect
to any matter in which Purchaser is a named party, the Company will pay to
Purchaser the charges, as reasonably determined by Purchaser, for the time of
any officers or employees of Purchaser devoted to appearing and preparing to
appear as witnesses, assisting in preparation for hearings, trials or pretrial
matters, or otherwise with respect to inquiries, hearing, trials, and other
proceedings relating to the subject matter of this Subscription Agreement. The
reimbursement obligations of the Company under this section shall be in addition
to any liability which the Company may otherwise have, shall extend upon the
same terms and conditions to any affiliates of Purchaser that are actually named
in such action, proceeding or investigation, and partners, directors, agents,
employees, attorneys, accountants, auditors and controlling persons (if any), as
the case may be, of Purchaser and any such affiliate, and shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of any successors of the Company, Purchaser and any
such affiliate and any such person.

5. LIMITATION ON AMOUNT OF CONVERSION AND OWNERSHIP.

                  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in
no event shall the Purchaser be entitled to convert any of the Debentures to the
extent that, after such conversion, that number of shares of Common Stock, which
when added to the sum of the number of Debentures beneficially owned, (as such
term is defined under Section 13(d) and Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the "1934 ACT")), by the Purchaser, would exceed 4.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the Conversion Date (as that
term is defined in the Debenture), as determined in accordance with Rule
13d-1(j) of the 1934 Act. In no event shall the Purchaser purchase shares of the
Common Stock other than pursuant to this Subscription Agreement and the
Debenture until such date as the Purchaser has fully converted the Debentures
into Common Stock.

6.       OPINION LETTER/BOARD RESOLUTION

         Prior to or on the Closing Date the Company shall deliver to the Escrow
Agent an opinion letter signed by counsel for the Company in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit D. Also, prior to or on the Closing Date the Company shall
deliver to the Escrow Agent a signed Board Resolution authorizing this Offering,
which shall be attached hereto as Exhibit E.

7.       Delivery Instructions; FEES

         The Debentures being purchased hereunder shall be delivered to Joseph
B. LaRocco, Esq. as Escrow Agent, who will hold them in escrow until the Closing
Date at which time funds (less escrow fees, attorneys fees and those amount
payable pursuant to the Escrow Agreement) will be wired to the Company and the
Debentures will be delivered to the Purchaser, per the Purchaser's instructions.
         Upon closing Joseph B. LaRocco, Esq. shall receive from escrow the sum
of $5,000 for document preparation and 10,000 shares of the Company's Common
Stock which shares shall be included in the Registration Statement covering the
Common Stock underlying the Debentures.

8.       UNDERSTANDINGS.

         The undersigned understands, acknowledges and agrees with the Company
as follows:

FOR ALL SUBSCRIBERS:

         a. This Subscription may be rejected, in whole or in part, by the
Company in its sole and absolute discretion at any time before the date set for
closing unless the Company has given notice of acceptance of the undersigned's
subscription by signing this Subscription Agreement and delivering it to
Purchaser.

         b. No U.S. federal or state agency or any agency of any other
jurisdiction has made any finding or determination as to the fairness of the
terms of the Offering for investment nor any recommendation or endorsement of
the Debentures or the Company.

         c. The representations, warranties and agreements of the undersigned
and the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the date of the sale of the Debentures as if made on and
as of such date and shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Subscription Agreement and the purchase of the Debentures.

         d. In making an investment decision, purchasers must rely on their own
examination of the company and the terms of the offering, including the merits
and risks involved. The shares have not been recommended by any federal or state
securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing
authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this
document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

         e. The Offering is intended to be exempt from registration by virtue of
Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and the provisions of Regulation D thereunder,
which is in part dependent upon the truth, completeness and accuracy of the
statements made by the undersigned herein and in the Questionnaire.

         f. It is understood that in order not to jeopardize the Offering's
exempt status under Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and Regulation D, any purchaser
may, at a minimum, be required to fulfill the investor suitability requirements
thereunder.

         g. The shares may not be resold except as permitted under the
securities act and applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or
exemption therefrom. Purchasers should be aware that they will be required to
bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time.

9.       Disputes subject to arbitration governed by Massachusetts law

         a. All disputes arising under this agreement shall be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
without regard to principles of conflict of laws. The parties to this agreement
will submit all disputes arising under this agreement to arbitration in Boston,
Massachusetts before a single arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association
("AAA"). The arbitrator shall be selected by application of the rules of the
AAA, or by mutual agreement of the parties, except that such arbitrator shall be
an attorney admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. No
party to this agreement will challenge the jurisdiction or venue provisions as
provided in this section.

10.      MISCELLANEOUS.

         a. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this Subscription Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when
delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided a
confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and
kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one (1) day after deposit with a
nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers
for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:
         FTS Apparel, Inc.
         1379 River Road
         Yardley, Pennsylvania 19067
         Attention:  Scott Gallagher, CEO
         Telephone:        (215) 369-9820
         Facsimile:        (215) 369-9821

If to the Investor:

         At the address listed in the Questionnaire.

With a copy to:

         Joseph B. LaRocco, Esq.
         49 Locust Avenue, Suite 107
         New Canaan, CT 06840
         Telephone No.:  203-966-0566
         Telecopier No.:  203-966-0363


         Each party shall provide five (5) business days prior notice to the
other party of any change in address, phone number or facsimile number.

         b. All pronouns and any variations thereof used herein shall be deemed
to refer to the masculine, feminine, impersonal, singular or plural, as the
identity of the person or persons may require.

         c. Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any provision hereof shall
be waived, modified, changed, discharged, terminated, revoked or canceled,
except by an instrument in writing signed by the party effecting the same
against whom any change, discharge or termination is sought.

         d. Notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to be sufficiently given when personally delivered
or sent by facsimile transmission: (i) if to the Company, at it's executive
offices or (ii) if to the Purchaser, at the address for correspondence set forth
in the Questionnaire, or at such other address as may have been specified by
written notice given in accordance with this paragraph.

         e. This Subscription Agreement shall be enforced, governed and
construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of , as such
laws are applied by Massachusetts courts to agreements entered into, and to be
performed in, Massachusetts by and between residents of Massachusetts, and shall
be binding upon the undersigned, the undersigned's heirs, estate and legal
representatives and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its
successors. If any provision of this Subscription Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable statue or rule of law, then such provisions
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any
provision hereof that may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

         f. This Agreement shall not be assignable.

         g. This Subscription Agreement, together with Exhibits A, B, C, D and E
attached hereto and made a part hereof, constitute the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and may be amended
only by a writing executed by both parties hereto.

         h. This Subscription Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument.
Execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement by exchange of facsimile
copies bearing the facsimile signature of a party shall constitute a valid and
binding execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement by such party.
Such facsimile copies shall constitute enforceable original documents.

                  [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK)



<PAGE>


                                FTS APPAREL, INC.
                                  QUESTIONNAIRE


         The information contained in this Questionnaire is being furnished in
order to determine whether the undersigned's subscription to purchase the
Debentures described in the Subscription Agreement may be accepted.

         ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE WILL BE TREATED
CONFIDENTIALLY. The undersigned understands, however, that the Company may
present this Questionnaire to such parties as it deems appropriate if called
upon to establish that the proposed offer and sale of the Securities is exempt
from registration under the 1933 Act, as amended. Further, the undersigned
understands that the offering is required to be reported to the Securities and
Exchange Commission, NASDAQ and to various state securities and "blue sky"
regulators.

         IN ADDITION TO SIGNING THE SIGNATURE PAGE, IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY,
THE UNDERSIGNED MUST COMPLETE FORM W-9.

I. PLEASE CHECK EACH OF THE STATEMENTS BELOW THAT APPLIES.

                           1. The undersigned: (a) has total assets in excess of
                  $5,000,000; (b) was not formed for the specific purpose of
                  acquiring the securities and (c) has its principal place of
                  business in ___________.

                  2. The undersigned is a natural person whose individual net
                  worth* or joint net worth with his or her spouse exceeds
                  $1,000,000.

                  3. The undersigned is a natural person who had an individual
                  income* in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent
                  years and who reasonably expects an individual income in
                  excess of $200,000 in the current year. Such income is solely
                  that of the undersigned and excludes the income of the
                  undersigned's spouse.

                  4. The undersigned is a natural person who, together with his
                  or her spouse, has had a joint income* in excess of $300,000
                  in each of of the two most recent years and who reasonably
                  expects a joint income in excess of $300,000 in the current
                  year.

* For purposes of this Questionnaire, the term "net worth" means the excess of
total assets over total liabilities. In determining "income", an investor should
add to his or her adjusted gross income any amounts attributable to tax-exempt
income received, losses claimed as a limited partner in any limited partnership,
deductions claimed for depletion, contributions to IRA or Keogh retirement plan,
alimony payments and any amount by which income from long-term capital gains has
been reduced in arriving at adjusted gross income.



5. The undersigned is:

                           (a) a bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the 1933
                           Act; or

                           (b) a savings and loan association or other
                           institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the
                           1933 Act whether acting in its individual or
                           fiduciary capacity; or

                           (c)      a broker or dealer registered pursuant to
                           Section 15 of the 1934 Act;  or

                           (d) an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13)
                           of the 1933 Act; or

                           (e) An investment company registered under the
                           Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business
                           development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of
                           the Investment Company Act of 1940; or

                           (f) a small business investment company licensed by
                           the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section
                           301 (c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act
                           of 1958; or

                  6. The undersigned is an entity in which all of the equity
owners are accredited investors.


<PAGE>


II. INVESTOR INFORMATION.

         (a)      IF THE UNDERSIGNED IS AN INDIVIDUAL:

                  Name _________________________________________

                  Street Address __________________________________

                  City, State, Zip Code _____________________________

                  Phone ____________________ Fax _________________

                  Social Security Number  ___________________________

                  Send Correspondence to:
                  ===============================================
                  -----------------------------------------------


         (b)      IF THE UNDERSIGNED IS NOT AN INDIVIDUAL:

                  Name of Entity __________________________________

                  Person's Name ___________________ Title___________

                  State of Organization ______________________________

                  Principal Business Address _________________________

                  City, State, Zip Code ______________________________

                  Taxpayer Identification Number _____________________

                  Phone ____________________ Fax _________________

                  Send Correspondence to:
                  ===============================================
                  -----------------------------------------------




<PAGE>


                                FTS APPAREL, INC.
                                 SIGNATURE PAGE

         Your signature on this Signature Page evidences your agreement to be
bound by the Questionnaire, Subscription Agreement and Registration Rights
Agreement.

         1. The undersigned hereby represents that (a) the information contained
in the Questionnaire is complete and accurate and (b) the undersigned will
notify FTS APPAREL, INC. immediately if any material change in any of the
information occurs prior to the acceptance of the undersigned's subscription and
will promptly send FTS APPAREL, INC. written confirmation of such change.

         2. The undersigned signatory hereby certifies that he/she has read and
understands the Subscription Agreement and Questionnaire, and the
representations made by the undersigned in the Subscription Agreement and
Questionnaire are true and accurate.




------------------------------              ------------------------
Amount of Debentures being purchased         Date
                                                 /s/ Douglas Leighton
                                             By: _____________________
                                                (Signature)

                                             Name: Douglas Leighton
                                                ------------------
                                               (Please Type or Print)

                                             Title:
                                                --------------------
                                               (Please Type or Print)







<PAGE>



                             COMPANY ACCEPTANCE PAGE


This Subscription Agreement accepted and agreed to this 14th day of February,
2003.


FTS APPAREL, INC.


      /s/ Scott Gallagher
By__________________________________
         Scott Gallagher, CEO



<PAGE>






                                    Exhibit A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

     (To be Executed by the Registered Owner in order to Convert Debenture)


         The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects, as of ________________, to
convert $________________ of its convertible debenture (the "Debenture") into
Common Stock of FTS APPAREL, INC. (the "Company") according to the conditions
set forth in the Debenture issued by the Company.

Date of Conversion________________________________________________


Applicable Conversion Price________________________________________


Number of Debentures Issuable upon this Conversion_______________________


Name(Print)___________Dutchess Private Equities Fund, LP _________________

Address______________312 Stuart St, 3rd Floor____________________________


Phone_____617-960-3570_____________ Fax________617-960-3772___________





                                    By:_______________________________________


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT D


Purchasers of [Company] [Describe Securities]       _______________, 2001


                              Re: FTS Apparel, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         As counsel to FTS Apparel, Inc. (the "Company"), we are familiar with
its Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and with the corporate proceedings
taken by it in connection with the proposed issuance and sale of convertible
debentures (the "Securities") pursuant to the related Subscription Agreement
(including all Exhibits and Appendices thereto) (collectively the "Agreements").

         We have been furnished with copies, certified or otherwise identified
to our satisfaction, of the Agreements, and have examined such other documents,
agreements and records as we deemed necessary to render the opinions set forth
below.

         In conducting our examination, we have assumed the following: (i) that
each of the Agreements has been executed by each of the parties thereto in the
same form as the forms which we have examined, (ii) the genuineness of all
signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity and accuracy
of all documents submitted to us as originals, and the conformity to originals
of all documents submitted to us as copies, (iii) that each of the Agreements
has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the party or
parties thereto other than the Company, and (iv) that each of the Agreements
constitutes the valid and binding agreement of the party or parties thereto
other than the Company, enforceable against such party or parties in accordance
with the Agreements' terms.

         Based upon the subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:

         1. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado, and has
all requisite corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct
its business.

         2. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of _______
shares of Common Stock, ________ par value per share, ("Common Stock") and
______________ Preferred Stock, par value $________ per share; [describe classes
if applicable]

         3. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Company has
timely filed all the material required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) or
15(d) of such Act for a period of at least twelve months preceding the date
hereof;

         4. When duly countersigned by the Company's transfer agent and
registrar, and delivered to you or upon your order against payment of the agreed
consideration therefor in accordance with the provisions of the Agreements, the
Securities [and any Common Stock to be issued upon the conversion of the
Securities] as described in the Agreements represented thereby will be duly
authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable;

         5 The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
into the Subscription Agreement and to sell and deliver the Securities and the
Common Stock to be issued upon the conversion of the Securities as described in
the Agreements; each of the Agreements has been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary corporate action by the Company to our knowledge, no approval of
any governmental or other body is required for the execution and delivery of
each of the Agreements by the Company or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby; each of the Agreements has been duly and validly executed
and delivered by and on behalf of the Company, and is a valid and binding
agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by general equitable principles, bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or other laws
affecting creditors rights generally, and except as to compliance with federal,
state, and foreign securities laws, as to which no opinion is expressed;

         6. To the best of our knowledge, after due inquiry, the execution,
delivery and performance of the Subscription Agreement and Securities by the
Company and the performance of its obligations thereunder do not and will not
constitute a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or
constitute a default under or conflict with or violate any provision of (i) the
Company's Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws, (ii) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, agreement or other instrument to which the Company is party or by
which it or any of its property is bound, (iii) any applicable statute or
regulation or as other, (iv) or any judgment, decree or order of any court or
governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its property.

         7. To the best of our knowledge, after due inquiry, there is no pending
or threatened litigation, investigation or other proceedings against the Company
[except as described in Exhibit A hereto].

         8. The Company complies with the eligibility requirements for the use
of Form SB-2, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         This opinion is rendered only with regard to the matters set out in the
numbered paragraphs above. No other opinions are intended nor should they be
inferred. This opinion is based solely upon the laws of the United States and
the State of New York and does not include an interpretation or statement
concerning the laws of any other state or jurisdiction. Insofar as the
enforceability of the Subscription Agreement and Securities may be governed by
the laws of other states, we have assumed that such laws are identical in all
respects to the laws of the State of New York .

         The opinions expressed herein are given to you solely for your use in
connection with the transaction contemplated by the Subscription Agreement and
Securities and may not be relied upon by any other person or entity or for any
other purpose without our prior consent.

                                              Very truly yours,




                                              By:      _____________________















<PAGE>



                                LIST OF EXHIBITS
                                                           -----------------


EXHIBIT A                           Notice of Conversion
EXHIBIT B                           Registration Rights Agreement
EXHIBIT C                           Debenture
EXHIBIT D                           Opinion of Company's Counsel
EXHIBIT E                           Board Resolution






                                LIST OF SCHEDULES
                                                           -----------------

Schedule 3(a)                       Subsidiaries
Schedule 3(c)                       Capitalization
Schedule 3(e)                       Conflicts
Schedule 3(g)                       Material Changes
Schedule 3(h)                       Litigation
Schedule 3(l)                       Intellectual Property
Schedule 3(n)                       Liens
Schedule 3(t)                       Certain Transactions



<PAGE>


                           SCHEDULE 3(a) SUBSIDIARIES

         None.


<PAGE>
                          SCHEDULE 3(c) CAPITALIZATION

<PAGE>

                             SCHEDULE 3(e) CONFLICTS

<PAGE>


                         SCHEDULE 3(g) MATERIAL CHANGES



                                      None

<PAGE>

                            SCHEDULE 3(h) LITIGATION

<PAGE>

                       SCHEDULE 3(l) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


                                    None


<PAGE>




                               SCHEDULE 3(n) LIENS



<PAGE>


                       SCHEDULE 3(t) CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS




<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
