<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.29
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>a2105878zex-10_29.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.29
<TEXT>

<Page>

                                                                EXHIBIT 10.29


[FairPoint Communications, Inc. Logo]


November 11, 2002


Peter G. Nixon
21720 Junco Ct.
Cornelius, North Carolina 28031


Dear Peter:

     Congratulations on your promotion to Chief Operating Officer of
FairPoint Communications, Inc. (the "Company").

     As a member of the Company's senior management team, you are entitled to
certain severance benefits should your employment be terminated by the
Company without cause, all as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto.

     In all other respects, you shall continue as an employee at will with
the same benefits and perquisites applicable generally to other employees of
the Company.

                                             Sincerely,

                                             /s/ Gene Johnson
                                             Gene Johnson


<Page>

           EXHIBIT A--Peter G. Nixon November 11, 2002 Letter

OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY UPON TERMINATION.
--------------------------------------------


   (a) FOR CAUSE OR UPON EMPLOYEE'S VOLUNTARY RESIGNATION. If the Company
       shall terminate Peter G. Nixon (the "Executive") for Cause, or the
       Executive shall voluntarily resign his employment, the Executive shall
       not be entitled to any benefits pursuant to this letter agreement (the
       "Agreement").

   (b) WITHOUT CAUSE. In the event that the Executive's employment is
       terminated by the Company without Cause, the Executive shall be
       entitled to receive in a lump sum payment from the Company an amount
       equal to the Executive's Annual Base Salary as of the date of
       termination for a period of twelve (12)[nb]months plus all accrued and
       unpaid base salary and benefits as of the date of termination. In
       addition, the Company shall maintain the Executive's (and his
       family's, as applicable) long term disability and medical benefits for
       a period of twelve (12)[nb]months following the date of termination.

SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this agreement is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws, such provision shall
be fully severable, this agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such
illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of
this agreement, and the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain
in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision or by its severance from this agreement.

For purposes of this agreement, "Cause" shall mean (a) misappropriating any
funds or any material property of the Company; (b) obtaining or attempting to
obtain any material personal profit from any transaction in which the
Executive has an interest which is adverse to the interest of the Company
unless the Company shall first give its consent to such transaction; (c)(i)
the willful taking of actions which directly impair the Employee's ability to
perform the duties required by the terms of his employment; or (ii) taking
any action detrimental to the Company's goodwill or damaging to the Company's
relationships with its customers, suppliers or employees; provided that such
neglect or refusal, action or breach shall have continued for a period of
twenty (20) days following written notice thereof; (d) being convicted of or
pleading NOLO CONTENDERE to any crime or offense constituting a felony under
applicable law or any crime or offense involving fraud or moral turpitude; or
(e) any material intentional failure to comply with applicable laws or
governmental regulations within the scope of Executive's employment. For
purposes of the Agreement, "without Cause" shall mean a termination by the
Company of the Executive's employment for any reason other than a termination
based upon Cause, death or disability.


                                         2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
