<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>file017.txt
<DESCRIPTION>GENERAL LEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  GENERAL LEASE

     This agreement, made this 1st day of May 2002, between L&B Investments,
whose address is 4890 Butterfield Coach Road, Springdale, Arkansas 72764 (the
Lessor) and Midwest Cable Communications of Arkansas, Inc., whose address is
7125 McGuire Road, Fayetteville, Arkansas 72704, (the Lessee) Withnesseth:

     1.  Leased Premises. For and in consideration of the rents, covenants and
         agreements herein entered into and agreed upon by the Lessee as
         obligations to the Lessor, the Lessor lets, leases and demises unto
         Lessee, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the
         following described property situation in Washington County, Arkansas.

     SEE SCHEDULE A ATTACHED FOR LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.

     To have and to hold the premises unto the Lessee for and during the term
herein stated, subject to the covenants, terms, conditions and liens herein
contained.

     2.  Term. This lease shall commence on April 1, 2002, and shall extend for
         a term of five years from the date hereof.

     3.  Rent. Lessee agrees to pay to Lessor as rental for the full term of
         this lease the sum of $42,000 annually, payable in twelve equal monthly
         installments of $3,500 each, to be paid in advance on the first day of
         April 2002, and on the first day of each and every month thereafter
         during the term of this lease.

     4.  Signs. Lessee shall not erect or install any exterior signs or
         advertising of any kind without the written consent of Lessor having
         first been obtained. Lessee agrees not to utilize any form of
         advertising that may or shall be deemed objectionable to Lessor or to
         the general public, including but not limited to loudspeakers,
         phonograph or related electronic equipment, radios or similar devices
         which will be operated in such a manner as to project sound outside of
         the lease premises.

     5.  Lessor's Lien. A lien is hereby created and granted by Lessee in favor
         of Lessor, as security for the payment of rental and other undertakings
         provided for herein, upon all of the property of Lessee which may, at
         any time during the term of this lease, be in, about or upon the
         leased premises.

     6.  Exterior Repairs. Lessee shall maintain the exterior walls, doors and
         roof of the structures upon the leased premises in a reasonable state
         of repair and shall make such repairs to the surface of the parking
         area as may be requited to keep and maintain the same in a good and
         tenantable condition.

     7.  Interior Repairs. Lessee shall keep the interior of the building,
         including interior walls and doors, wiring, plumbing and window and
         door glass, in

<PAGE>

         good repair, and shall maintain the heating and air conditioning, all
         at Lessee's expense. Lessee agrees to satisfy promptly any lien or
         valid claim asserted against the leased premises for work done or
         materials furnished. Lessee shall, at the termination, surrender or
         forfeiture of this lease, return the premises with the interior,
         including all of the above items, in as good and satisfactory condition
         as the same was at the beginning of the lease, normal wear and
         tear expected.

     8.  Taxes. Lessee shall pay any and all ad valorem taxes and special
         improvement district taxes levied and assessed against the premises and
         the improvements located thereon during the term of this lease. Such
         taxes and assessments shall be pro-rated for any fractional calendar
         year.

     9.  Use. Lessee agrees to use the leased premises for the purpose of
         operating its business and for no other purpose or purposes without the
         written consent of Lessor having beam obtained in advance.

     10. Payment of Rent and Notices. The rent payable hereunder shall be paid
         to Lessor at 4890 Butterfield Coach Road, Springdale, Arkansas 72764
         Attn: Ms. Bonnie Capwell by certified mail or otherwise personally
         delivered to such address. Any notice provided for herein shall be
         given by certified mail with postage prepaid, addressed, if to Lessor,
         at the address to which the rent is then paid, and if to Lessee, at
         7125 McGuire Road, Fayetteville, Arkansas 72704. Either party may
         change the person and the place to which notices are to be mailed by
         notice to the other party.

     11. Assignment. Lessee shall not assign this lease or sublet the leased
         premises without prior written consent of the Lessor. Any such
         assignment or subletting shall in no way relieve Lessee from liability
         for the obligation imposed by this lease. Lessee may only be releases
         from liability by a specific written release executed by Lessor.

     12. Lessee's default. If Lessee shall be in default as to the payment of
         rent for a period of thirty (30) days, or as to any other covenant
         herein provided for more than thirty (30) days after receipt of notice
         from Lessor specifying such default, or if any petition be filed in
         bankruptcy, including petitions for arrangements and reorganizations,
         by or against Lessee and such petition be not dismissed within thirty
         (30) days after its filing, or if a receiver or trustee be appointed
         for Lessee by reason of Lessee's insolvency or inability to pay its
         creditors, Lessor shall have the right, without limitation upon any
         other rights which may be given Lessor by law or by any other provision
         of this lease agreement, to re-enter the leased premises and relet the
         same as agent for Lessee upon the best terms and conditions reasonably
         obtainable, and Lessee shall be liable to the Lessor for the
         difference, if any, between the rent obtained and the minimum rent
         stipulated to be paid in this lease. Lessee agrees that in such event
         it will vacate the leased premises without further

<PAGE>

         notice, and if it becomes necessary to bring any legal action to
         recover possession, Lessee agrees to pay a reasonable fee for the
         attorney of Lessor in such action.

     13. Non-Waiver. It is agreed that the failure of Lessor to invoke any of
         the available remedies under this lease or under law in the event of
         one or more breaches or defaults by Lessee under the lease shall not be
         construed as a waiver of such provisions and conditions and shall not
         prevent Lessor from invoking such remedies in the event of any future
         breach or default.

     14. Holdover. Lessee hereby agrees that upon the termination of this lease
         by expiration or by earlier termination for any reason whatsoever,
         Lessee will peaceably deliver possession of the leased premises to
         Lessor. In the event Lessee shall be permitted by Lessor to hold over
         after the expiration of termination of this lease, or any extension
         thereof, such holding over (in the absence of any written agreement to
         the contrary) shall be construed as a tenancy from calendar month to
         calendar month at a monthly rental equal to the rental for the last
         month paid under this lease. A month-to-month tenancy arising by
         Lessee's holding over under this paragraph may be terminated by written
         notice from either party to the other party on or before the day on
         which any monthly rent is due with termination not becoming effective
         until the day on which the next following monthly rental would have
         otherwise become due. In the event it should become necessary for
         Lessor to institute any action at law to recover possession at the time
         of termination, whenever and however termination may occur, Lessee
         agrees that it will pay all costs and expenses of such action,
         including reasonable attorneys' fees.

     15. Casualty. If at any time the leased premises (or the building which
         forms the principal component of the leased premises) should be damaged
         by fire or any other major casualty, then Lessee shall as soon as
         reasonably practicable repair the damage caused by fire or other
         casualty.

     16. Condemnation. In the event all of the leased premises, or such part
         thereof as renders the leased premises unsuitable for use in the
         activity or business of the Lessee, shall be acquired or taken by
         eminent domain for any public or quasipublic purpose, then the term of
         this lease shall cease and terminate as of the date of taking.

         In the event that a partial taking does not render the leased premises
         unsuitable for use in the activity or business of the Lessee, this
         lease shall continue in full force and effect with a reduction in the
         rent proportionate to the amount of usefulness or necessity of the
         leased premises actually taken.

         All damages awarded as a result of any taking, except such damages as
         are herein defined as Lessee's damages, shall be awarded to Lessor.
         Lessee shall be entitled to receive all damages, which are compensation
         for damages to the compensation for damages to the

<PAGE>

         leasehold estate and for removal of Lessee's business, fixtures,
         furniture and equipment. Lessee's right to damages shall be a right
         against the taking authority alone, and Lessee shall not be entitled to
         recover any damages from Lessor.

     17. Insurance on Improvements. Lessee shall maintain, at Lessee's expense,
         fire, hazard and extended coverage insurance, in the amount of the
         replacement value of any improvements erected upon the leased premises.
         A certificate of such insurance shall be delivered to Lessor prior to
         the inception of this lease. Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for the
         premiums paid for such insurance upon receipt of notice of the amount
         due, if Lessor is required to pay such premiums.

     18. Insurance on Lessee's Property. Lessee shall be solely responsible for
         maintaining insurance on its property, including but not limited to
         movables, trade fixtures installed by Lessee, furniture, furnishings
         and inventory.

     19. Liability Insurance. Lessee shall, during the term of this lease,
         maintain public liability insurance on the leased premises and on the
         business operated by the Lessee or any subtenant occupying the leased
         premises. The limits of such public liability insurance shall not be
         less than $1 million per person, $5 million per accident, and $1
         million for property damage. The policy representing such insurance
         shall name Lessor (its successor or his heirs and assigns), and Lessee
         as insured. Such policy shall contained a clause that the insurer will
         not cancel or change the insurance without giving Lessor, its
         successor, heirs or assigns, ten (10) days' prior written notice, and a
         certificate of such insurance shall be delivered to Lessor prior to the
         inception of this lease.

     20. Common areas. Any parking area or other common areas which Lessor may
         provide shall be for the joint use of Lessor, Lessee, other tenants of
         Lessor, and the customers, invitees and employees of Lessor, Lessee and
         other tenants of Lessor; Lessor hereby grants Lessee the right, during
         the term of this lease, to use any parking area and other common areas
         which may be provided in common with others entitled to the use
         thereof. The use thereof shall be subject to such reasonable
         regulations or limitations as Lessor shall make or require from time to
         time.

     21. Compliance with Laws. Lessee agrees not to violate any law, ordinance,
         rule or regulation of any governmental authority having jurisdiction of
         the leased premises and, if required solely by reason of Lessee's type
         of business, to make nonstructural repairs, improvements and
         alterations to the interior of the building on the leased premises and
         the common areas required by such authority.

<PAGE>

     22. Trash. All trash and refuse deposited outside the building must be
         placed in sufficient receptacles furnished by Lessee [approved by the
         Public Works Department].

     23. Title and Quiet Enjoyment. Lessor covenants and warrants that it is the
         owner in fee simple absolute of the leased premises and may lease the
         premises as herein provided. Upon payment by Lessee of the rents herein
         provided and upon the observance and performance of all the covenants,
         terms and conditions upon Lessee's part to the observed and performed,
         Lessee shall peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the demised premises
         for the term hereby demised without hindrance or interruption by Lessor
         or any other person or persons lawfully or equitably claiming by,
         through or under Lessor, subject to the terms and conditions of this
         lease.

     24. Succession. This lease agreement shall insure to the benefit of and be
         binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors
         and assigns.

     25. Waste. Lessee agrees not to commit waste, not permit waste to result or
         to be done to or upon the property and premises; not to conduct any
         business thereon or therein, nor store or permit to be stored thereon
         or therein any explosives, combustible substances or materials of any
         nature, which would increase the fire hazard or cause a premium to be
         charged for insurance higher than that charged for the present use of
         such property; and not to operate, nor permit to be operated, nor to
         exist thereon or therein, any public or private nuisance.

     26. Severability. Each paragraph of this lease agreement is severable from
         all other paragraphs. In the event any court of competent jurisdiction
         determines that any paragraph or subparagraph is invalid or
         unenforceable for any reason, all remaining paragraphs and
         subparagraphs will remain in full force and effect.

     27. Interpretation. This lease agreement shall be interpreted according to
         an enforced under the laws of the State of Arkansas.

     28. Entire Agreement. This lease agreement contains the entire agreement of
         both parties hereto, and no other oral or written agreement shall be
         binding on the parties hereto. This lease agreement supersedes all
         prior agreements, contracts and understandings of any kind between the
         parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This agreement may be
         executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
         original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
         instrument.

     29. Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
         required by or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
         deemed to have been duly given when received by the party to whom
         directed; provided, however,


<PAGE>


         that notice shall be conclusively deemed given at the time of its
         deposit in the United States Mail when sent by certified mail, postage
         prepaid, to the other party at the following addresses (or at such
         other addresses as shall be given in writing by either party to the
         other):

         If to Lessor:    Ms. Bonnie Capwell, President
                          L&B Investments LLC
                          4890 Butterfield Coach Rd.
                          Springdale, AR 72764

         If to Lessee:    Midwest Cable Communications of Arkansas Inc.
                          Attn: Office Manager
                          7125 McGuire Road
                          Fayetteville AR 72704

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set their hands
         and seals on this 1st day of May, 2002


                                          /s/ Bonnie Capwell
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Lessor: L&B Investments LLC
                                                  Bonnie Capwell, President


                                          /s/ Larry Garriott
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Lessee: Midwest Cable
                                          Communications of Arkansas, Inc.
                                                  Larry Garriott, President












</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
