<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d04112exv10w8w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.8.4 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 1998 INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.8.4


                 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE STILWELL FINANCIAL INC.
                       1998 LONG TERM INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN
              (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE AS OF MAY 1, 2001)

         WHEREAS, Janus Capital Group, Inc. (the "Company") is the successor to
the Stilwell Financial Inc. 1998 Long Term Incentive Stock Plan (as amended and
restated effective as of May 1, 2001) (the "Plan") and wishes to amend the Plan
as set forth below.

         NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to Section 15.1 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby
amended as set forth below, in each case effective as of the date set forth
below:

                  1. Effective as of the date hereof, Section 1.1 of the Plan is
hereby amended by substituting "Janus Capital Group Inc." for "Stilwell
Financial Inc." in the first sentence thereof.

                  2. Effective as of and subject to the receipt of the approval
of the Company's shareholders for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Section 18.7 of the Plan is hereby amended by
deleting clauses (a) through (k) and the first full paragraph after clause (k)
of such Section and adding the following in place thereof:

                  (a)  stock price;

                  (b)  market share;

                  (c)  sales (gross or net);

                  (d)  asset quality;

                  (e)  non-performing assets;

                  (f)  earnings per share;

                  (g)  return on equity;

                  (h)  costs;

                  (i)  operating income;

                  (j)  net income;

                  (k)  marketing-spending efficiency;

                  (l)  return on operating assets;

                  (m)  return on assets;

                  (n)  core non-interest income;

                  (o)  fund performance

                  (p)  pre-tax margin

                  (q)  pre-tax income; and/or

                  (r)  levels of cost savings.

                           Any of the foregoing performance measures may be
         applied, as determined by the Committee, in respect of the Company or
         any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, business units or divisions and/or
         the Company's or any of its subsidiary's, affiliate's, business unit's
         or division's worldwide, regional or country specific operations (or
         any combination of the foregoing). Performance measures shall specify
         whether they are to be measured relative to budgeted or other internal
         goals, operations, performance or results of the Company and/or any of
         its subsidiaries, affiliates, business units or divisions, or relative
         to the

<PAGE>


         performance of one or more peer groups of the Company and/or any of its
         subsidiaries, affiliates, business units or divisions, with the
         composition of any such peer groups to be determined by the Committee
         at the time the performance measure is established. Performance
         measures may be stated in the alternative or in combination. The
         Committee shall have the right but not the obligation to make
         adjustments to a performance measure to take into account any unusual
         or extraordinary events, to the extent not inconsistent with the
         requirements of the Performance-Based Exception.


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the First Amendment to the Plan has been adopted on
this 12 day of March, 2003.


                              JANUS CAPITAL GROUP INC.


                              By: /s/ Loren M. Starr
                                  ---------------------------------------------
                              Name: Loren M. Starr
                              Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
