<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>



<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                      Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement
                         Deed No.: A. Prot. 2002, Nr 182

Recorded in Basel, Switzerland,

on December 20, 2002.

Before me, the undersigned Notary Public Dr. Beat Schultheiss, with business
address in Basel,

appeared today:

1)   Mr. Dietrich F. Kessel, Attorney at law, , born September 18, 1937, german
     citizen, business address: Elberfelder Strasse 4, 40213 Dusseldorf. The
     First Person Appearing - identifying himself by his valid ID card -
     declared that he is not acting on his own behalf but in the name of and
     with a written power of attorney from

                         Metallurg Holdings Corporation,

     a company duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the
        State of New York/USA, with its registered offices at 6 East 43rd
                     Street, New York, New York 10017, USA,,

                                         - hereinafter referred to as "Seller" -

     The first person appearing submitted a fax copy of the notarially certified
     power of attorney dated 17 December, 2002 as evidence of his power of
     representation. The original has been submitted to the notary before the
     execution of this agreement.

2)   Dr. Nicole Franke, Attorney at law, born mai 15, 1970, german citizen,
     business address: Uerdinger Str. 88, 40474 Dusseldorf. The Second Person
     Appearing - personally known to the Notary Public - declared that she is
     not acting on her own behalf but in the name and with a written power of
     attorney from

                        Sudamin Recycling GmbH & Co. KG,

           a company organized and existing under the laws of Germany,
      having its registered offices at Bonifaciusstrasse 160, 45309 Essen,
                            Federal Republic Germany,
          represented by its General Partner Sudamin Verwaltungs GmbH,
      having its registered offices at Bonifaciusstrasse 160, 45309 Essen,
                            Federal Republic Germany,

                                          - hereinafter referred to as "Buyer" -




<PAGE>

                                      2/15


     The second person appearing submitted the power of attorney dated [__]
     December, 2002 as evidence of her power of representation. The original has
     been submitted to the notary before the execution of this agreement.

The notary satisfied himself that the persons appearing have sufficient command
of the English language and declared that he himself has sufficient command of
the English language as well. The persons appearing waived their right to have
this deed translated into the German language.

The Persons Appearing - acting as indicated - then requested the notarization of
the following:

                      SHARE PURCHASE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT

WHEREAS:

(a)  The Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of all shares in the share
     capital of:

     (i)  Metallurg International Resources GmbH, a company with limited
          liability, organized and existing under the laws of the Federal
          Republic Germany, with its registered offices at Kreuzstrasse 34,
          40210 Dusseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany (the "German Company");

     (ii) Ferrolegeringar AG, a company with limited liability, organized and
          existing under the laws of the Switzerland, having its registered seat
          and with offices at Auenstrasse 2, 8600 Dubendorf, Switzerland, (the
          "Swiss Company");

          and

     (iii) AB Ferrolegeringar, a company with limited liability, organized and
          existing under the laws of Sweden, having its registered seat in
          Lastmakargatan 18, 103 88 Stockholm, Sweden, (the "Swedish Company");

     The German Company, the Swiss Company, and the Swedish Company are
     collectively referred to as the "Companies", and each of them as a
     "Company".

(b)  The share capital of the Companies is composed as follows:

     (i)  German Company, divided into two (2) ordinary share having a total
          nominal amount of DM 200,000.00 (the "German Shares");




<PAGE>

                                      3/15


     (ii) Swiss Company, divided into 3,000.00 bearer shares a CHF 1,000.00,
          having a total nominal value of CHF 3,000,000.00 (the "Swiss Shares");

          and

     (ii) Swedish Company, divided into ordinary shares having a total nominal
          value of SEK 2,000,000.00 (the "Swedish Shares");

     The German Shares, the Swiss Shares, and the Swedish Shares are
     collectively referred to as the "Shares";

(c)  The German Company is the legal and beneficial owner of :

     o    of all existing shares in Metallurg International Resources Russia
          Ltd., a company with limited liability, organized and existing under
          the laws of Russia, having its registered offices at ul. Bolshaya
          Ordynka 40-2, 109017 Moscow, Russia, (the "Russian Subsidiary");

     o    a branch office in Moscow, having its registered offices at ul.
          Bolshaya Ordynka 40-2, 109017 Moscow, Russia, (the "Russian Branch");

          and

     o    a branch office in Shanghai, having its registered offices at Room
          1101, South Tower, Hong Kong Plaza, No. 283 Huaihai Zhong Road,
          Shanghai, China 200021, (the "Chinese Branch");

(d)  The Swiss Company is the legal and beneficial owner of :

     o    of all existing shares in Metalchimica S.r.l., a company with limited
          liability, organized and existing under the laws of Italy, having its
          registered offices at Via San Pio V, 36, 10125 Torino, Italy, (the
          "Italian Subsidiary");

          and

     o    of all existing shares in FAG Poland SPzo.o., a company with limited
          liability, organized and existing under the laws of Poland, having its
          registered offices at ul. Kosciuszki 19, 30-105 Krakow, Poland, (the
          "Polish Subsidiary");

     The Russian Subsidiary, the Italian Subsidiary, the Polish Subsidiary and
     the Swedish Subsidiary are collectively referred to as the "Subsidiaries";
     the Russian Branch, the Chinese Branch and the Swedish Branch are
     collectively referred to as the "Branches";

(e)  The Seller wishes to sell and transfer the Shares to the Buyer and the
     Buyer wishes to purchase and acquire the Shares from the Seller, subject to
     the terms and conditions as presented in this agreement:




<PAGE>

                                      4/15


IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

ARTICLE 1 SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE SHARES

1.1  Sale and Purchase of the Shares

     Subject to the terms and conditions set out in this agreement, the Seller
     hereby sells and agrees to transfer the Shares with all ancillary rights
     and all existing certificates to the Buyer and the Buyer hereby purchases
     and agrees to accept the transfer of Shares from the Seller.

1.2  Transfer of the Shares

     With legal effect as of December 31, 2002 (the "Closing Date") as defined
     in subsequent section 1.3 for each of the respective Shares the following
     acts of transfer are/will be performed for each of the following share(s):

1.2.1 German Shares

(a)  The Seller hereby assigns and transfers to the Buyer the German Shares.

(b)  The Buyer accepts the assignment and transfer of the German Shares.

(c)  The assignment and the transfer is carried out with suspensive effect as of
     December 31, 2002 (24.00 h).

(d)  All profits / losses related to the German Shares for the current fiscal
     year shall accrue to the Buyer. The same applies mutatis mutandis to
     profits/losses of the previous fiscal years if they have not yet been
     distributed (i.e. profits/losses carried forward or of previous fiscal
     years for which resolutions pertaining to their appropriation have not been
     adopted).

(e)  The formal approval of the shareholders regarding any disposals of shares
     in the German Company which is required pursuant to section 9 of the German
     Company's Articles of Association can be waived due to the fact that the
     Seller is the sole shareholder of the Company.

(f)  The acting Notary Public is hereby requested to notify the German Company
     of the transfer of the German Shares pursuant to 'SS' 16 GmbHG (German
     Act on Companies with Limited Liability).




<PAGE>

                                      5/15


1.2.2 Swiss Shares

(a)  The Seller hereby assigns and transfers to the Buyer the Swiss Shares.

(b)  The Buyer accepts the assignment and transfer of the Swiss Shares.

(c)  Therefore, the Seller assigns his possessory rights and claims
     (Herausgabeanspruche) against the depositary Mr. Schenker, c/o Baker
     McKenzie, Zurich, Switzerland, under the deposit agreement regarding the
     share certificates relating the Swiss Shares with suspensive effect as of
     December 31, 2002 (24.00 h). The Buyer hereby accepts said assignment.

     The Seller shall notice said assignment with undue delay after the Signing
     Date to Mr. Schenker.

(d)  All profits / losses related to the Swiss Shares for the current fiscal
     year shall accrue to the Buyer. The same applies mutatis mutandis to
     profits/losses of the previous fiscal years if they have not yet been
     distributed (i.e. profits/losses carried forward or of previous fiscal
     years for which resolutions pertaining to their appropriation have not been
     adopted).

1.2.3 Swedish Shares

(a)  The Seller hereby assigns and transfers to the Buyer the Swedish Shares.

(b)  The Buyer accepts the assignment and transfer of the Swedish Shares.

(c)  The assignment and the transfer is carried out with suspensive effect as of
     December 31, 2002 (24.00 h).

(d)  All profits / losses related to the Swedish Shares for the current fiscal
     year shall accrue to the Buyer. The same applies mutatis mutandis to
     profits/losses of the previous fiscal years if they have not yet been
     distributed (i.e. profits/losses carried forward or of previous fiscal
     years for which resolutions pertaining to their appropriation have not been
     adopted).

(e)  Without undue delay after the Closing Date, (1) all share certificates
     relating to the Swedish shares shall be handed over to the Buyer and (2)
     the Buyer's acquisition of the Swedish Shares shall be duly registered
     in the Swedish Company's shareholders' register with effect as of the
     Closing Date.

1.3  Seller's obligations regarding the conclusion of the Service Agreements
     between Metallurg Group companies and the Companies

     The Seller shall procure and use its best efforts to ensure that

     o    London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Company Ltd., Rotherham, U.K.,

     o    Elektrowerk Weisweiler GmbH, Eschweiler-Weisweiler,

     o    Metallurg International Resources LLC., New York, U.S.A.,




<PAGE>

                                      6/15


     (collectively the "Suppliers"), the Companies and the other companies
     listed in Annex I continue the business relations with each other as they
     were exercised prior to the Closing Date, in particular to maintain the
     business terms and conditions, (collectively the "Business Relations"), for
     an indefinitive period of time commencing on the Closing Date to the extent
     the Parties do not mutually agree otherwise on a case to case basis. Said
     business relations shall be fixed in writing between the respective parties
     involved, including but not limited to the Suppliers, the Companies and
     those companies listed in Annex I, as soon as possible after the Closing
     Date, however, until June 30, 2003 at the latest (collectively the "Service
     Agreements"). In the event one of the Suppliers, of the Companies and/or of
     the other companies listed in Annex I terminates a Business Relation and/or
     a Service Agreement for other than good cause the other party of the
     Business Relation and/or Service Agreement is entitled to claim for a
     compensation for all disadvantages resulting from the termination. With
     regard to the conclusion of the Service Agreements sentence 1 of this
     section 1.3 applies accordingly.

     The Parties agree that the perpetuation of the Business Relations and the
     duly conclusion of the Service Agreements are of the essence.

1.4  Further actions

     The Parties shall undertake all further actions and steps as may be
     necessary and/or expedient to evidence and effectuate the transactions
     described herein and all other actions necessary and/or expedient to
     transfer the Shares on the Closing Date and to fulfill all obligations set
     forth in 1.3 above.

ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE PRICE / ADJUSTMENT

2.1  The purchase price for the Shares amounts to a total sum of US dollars
     5,500,000.00 (in words: US dollar five million five hundred thousand) (the
     "Purchase Price"), and comprises of:

     o    US dollars 920,000.00 (in words: US dollar nine hundred twenty
          thousand) for the German Shares;

     o    US dollars 3,560,000.00 (in words: US dollar three million five
          hundred sixty thousand) for the Swiss Shares;

          and

     o    US dollars 1,020,000.00 (in words: US dollar one million twenty
          thousand) for the Swedish Shares;

2.2  A partial amount of US dollars 3,499,000.00 (in words: US dollar three
     million four hundred ninety nine thousand) of the Purchase Price (the
     "Partial Amount I") shall be payable by the Buyer within one (1) banking
     day after the date of signing this agreement (the "Signing Date") at the
     latest by wire transfer to the Seller's bank account no. 551-60474 at
     Fleet International Bank, 100 Federal Street, Boston, MA 02110, USA, (the
     "Seller's Account").




<PAGE>

                                      7/15


2.3  A partial amount of US dollar 2,001,000.00 (in words: US dollar two million
     one thousand) of the Purchase Price (the "Partial Amount II") shall be
     payable by the Buyer not in cash but in bonds at 12,75% Senior Discount
     Notes due in 2008 issued by Metallurg Holdings Inc., New York, USA which
     are deposited at Goldman Sachs Bank, New York, USA, (the "Deposit Bank") to
     the Seller to be delivered promptly after the Signing Date. The Buyer shall
     instruct the Deposit Bank immediately after the Signing Date to ensure the
     duly transfer of the Partial Amount II to the Seller (the "Seller's
     Deposit").

2.4  If the Buyer defaults on its payment duties pursuant to 2.2 above, an
     interest at a rate of 7.5 percentage points p. a. shall be charged from the
     due date on the Partial Amount I. Further claims shall not be excluded.

2.5  As soon as the Partial Amount I and the Partial Amount II have been
     received on the Seller's Account and the Seller's Deposit
     respectively, the Seller shall confirm in writing to the Buyer the duly
     achievement of the Partial Amount I and the Partial Amount II.

2.6  The Purchase Price shall be increased or decreased by the amount, by which
     the net asset value based on the USD/US-GAAP internally prepared year-end
     group financial statements (the "Net Asset Value") of the Companies as of
     December 31, 2002 - in the same form as it was submitted to the Buyer as of
     September 30, 2002 - is higher or lower than:

     o    an amount of USD 920,000.00 for the German Company (the "German Net
          Asset Value")

     o    an amount of USD 1,020,000.00 for the Swedish Company (the "Swedish
          Net Asset Value")

     o    an amount of USD 3,560,000.00 for the Swiss Company (the "Swiss Net
          Asset Value") (collectively the "Companies'Net Asset Values").

2.7  The Companies' combined financial statements as of December 31, 2002
     shall be drawn up in accordance with the US GAAP and preserve the
     continuity of balance sheet consistency and valuation with the
     Companies' financial statements as provided to the Buyer as of
     September 30, 2002 (the latter collectively the "Group Financial
     Statements"). Such financial statements shall be based upon local GAAP,
     local currency statutory financial statements of each Company and shall be
     audited (collectively the "Statutory Financial Statements"). The Statutory
     Financial Statements, the workpapers converting such statements to US GAAP,
     US dollar amounts and the Group Financial Statements shall be provided to
     the Seller as soon as they have been drawn up.

     The Seller can have the Statutory Financial Statements audited by an
     auditor of its choice. The Seller shall provide its worksheets for
     converting the Statutory Financial Statements to US GAAP, US dollar amounts
     and compiling such information to arrive at the Group Financial Statements
     which shall be binding between the Parties, especially with respect to
     determining the Companies Net Asset Values, if the Buyer does not provide
     the Seller within fifteen (15) banking days after receiving the Group
     Financial Statements with a written statement that the Group Financial
     Statements have not been drawn up pursuant to the regulations of this
     agreement and attaching revised Group Financial Statements (the




<PAGE>

                                      8/15


     "Revised Group Financial Statements") which reflect the modifications which
     it believes necessary.

     If the Seller does not react to this Revised Group Financial Statements
     within further fifteen (15) banking days, these Revised Group Financial
     Statements shall be binding between the parties. If, however, the Seller
     provides the Buyer within said period with a statement that the Revised
     Group Financial Statements have not been drawn up pursuant to the
     regulations of this agreement, the difference of opinion between the
     Parties shall be settled by an auditor to be determined by the President of
     the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprufungskammer) in Dusseldorf,
     Federal Republic of Germany, (hereinafter "Third Auditor") to the extent,
     that the Parties do not mutually agree on an auditor.

     If the Third Auditor determines the Companies Net Asset Values to be
     between the figures of the Parties, this determination shall be conclusive
     and binding on the Parties; if it is outside the figures, that
     determination by the auditor chosen by one of the Parties which was closest
     to that of the Third Auditor shall prevail.

     Each Party shall bear the costs for its chosen auditor. The costs of the
     Third Auditor shall be borne by the Parties corresponding to their
     respective degree of loss or success. The Buyer shall insure that the
     auditors appointed pursuant to this agreement receive access to the
     Companies' offices and to their books and documents for the purpose of
     inspecting the Group Financial Statements and supporting documentation. The
     Parties shall strive towards the fact that the auditors appointed pursuant
     to this agreement can review each other's working papers.

2.8  If the Purchase Price agreed in section 2.1 above is increased or decreased
     with the application of the regulations in section 2.5 and 2.6, an interest
     at a rate of 7.5 percentage points p. a. shall be charged on the increased
     or decreased amount of the Purchase Price from the Closing Date on. The
     Party which is liable to pay must pay to the other Party the difference
     plus interest within ten (10) banking days after the date when the
     Companies Net Asset Values were finally determined.

ARTICLE 3 SELLER'S DECLARATIONS REGARDING AGREED FEATURES
          (BESCHAFFENHEITSVEREINBARUNGEN)

The Seller hereby declares to the Buyer that the following agreed features
(Beschaffenheitsvereinbarungen) set forth herein (the "Agreed Features") are
true and accurate as of the Signing Date and as of the Closing Date to the
extent otherwise set forth herein. If and as far as it depends below on the
Seller's knowledge, the Seller has constructive knowledge through the
Managing Directors of the Companies.

3.1  The statements in this agreement, including its preamble, regarding the
     Seller and the Companies are complete, true and correct.

3.2  The Companies have been legally incorporated and are validly existing and
     organized under the respective applicable laws.




<PAGE>

                                      9/15


3.3  There are no shareholder resolutions which modify the Companies'
     articles of association in force and which have not been registered with
     the commercial register nor any additional agreements regarding the
     constitution and organization of the Companies. No insolvency or
     composition or equivalent proceedings have been opened in any jurisdiction
     in respect of the Companies; the Companies are not over-indebted.

3.4  The Shares are validly issued and fully paid-up; no repayments of share
     capital (Stammeinlagen) (including hidden repayments) have been made. The
     Shares are free and clear from all encumbrances, including but not limited
     to any rights of pledge, charge, mortgages, liens, attachments, claims,
     usufruct or any insurances thereof, option rights and rights of first
     refusal, and other rights created in favor of third parties.

3.5  The respective Shares constitute the entire issued and outstanding share
     capital of the respective Company which is each fully paid up and has in no
     way been repaid; no hidden profit distributions have been made.

3.6  The Seller is the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares and no other
     persons or companies other than the Seller hold any Shares in the
     Companies. The Seller is entitled to sell, transfer and freely dispose over
     the Shares without the consent of any third party, in particular under the
     terms of this agreement.

3.7  Except for the Subsidiaries and the Branches and Montanistica AG,
     Switzerland, the Companies have no subsidiaries, hold no interests in any
     other companies and are not obliged to acquire such interests other than
     stated in this agreement. The Swiss Company as acquiring company and
     Montanistica AG, Switzerland, as transferring company entered into a merger
     agreement, which is valid and legally binding but not yet registered.

3.8  The Companies do not own real property or rights equivalent to real
     property and are not obliged to acquire real property or rights equivalent
     to real property except for the offices of the Italian Subsidiary, which
     shall be disposed from the Italian Subsidiary to the German Company.

3.9  The Companies' business and the Companies' operating systems were
     set up while observing all applicable legal regulations and official
     orders. Neither its operation nor the Companies' business nor their
     products or services violate applicable legal regulations or official
     orders. The Companies possess all official permits which are required for
     the execution and continuation of the current business of the Companies.
     These permits will not be revoked or limited in the future to the best of
     the Seller's knowledge.

3.10 Since December 31, 2001, the courses of the Companies' ordinary business
     have only been conducted with prudent business practice and generally in
     the same way as before; no fundamental disadvantages with respect to the
     business operation and/or the net value, financial position and earning
     situation or with respect to important assets or agreements of the
     Companies have resulted. No profit distributions except for profit
     distributions of Montanistica AG, Switzerland to the Seller of CHF
     735,932.00 (before withholding tax) and CHF 240,000.00 (before withholding
     tax) and for profit distributions of the Swedish Company to the Seller of
     SEK 2,600,000.00 (before withholding tax), including provisional and hidden
     distribution, have been made since December 31, 2001; nor have any hidden
     reserves been dissolved or withdrawn except for during the course of
     ordinary business.




<PAGE>

                                     10/15


3.11 The Companies have duly drawn up in full and filed within the stipulated
     deadlines the tax declarations and preliminary tax returns and made the
     advance tax payments as well as preliminary tax returns and advance tax
     payments regarding other general public taxes of any type which the Company
     owes and those general public taxes, for which the Company is liable,
     especially contributions, fees and customs duties, foreign fees, additional
     fiscal payments in the sense of sec. 3 German General Tax Code
     (Abgabenordnung - AO), and additional foreign fiscal payments - including
     but not limited to withholding income tax on wages and salaries and
     including, but not limited to, default fines, default interest, default
     penalties and other liabilities connected to taxes before the Closing Date
     -, social insurance contributions and other general public taxes of any
     type which the Companies owe and such contributions, for which the
     Companies are liable (collectively the "Taxes and Contributions") and drawn
     up in full and filed within the stipulated deadlines all other legally
     necessary declarations to the competent authorities. The Companies have
     paid all Taxes and Contributions including advance payments and additional
     payments when they became due before the Closing Date; if and as far as
     they were not due before December 31, 2001, they are shown as liabilities
     or as reserves in the respective corresponding amounts in the
     Companies' financial statements as of December 31, 2001, irrespective
     of whether these liabilities and/or obligations already existed or were
     known when the above financial statements were drawn up. The Companies have
     withheld all retainable Taxes (retainable tax amounts) and Contributions
     and forwarded them to the competent recipient when they became due as well
     as paid all additional fiscal payments, taxes for which it is liable and
     fines.

     The Companies have not before the Closing Date made any hidden profit
     distribution to the shareholders or affiliated persons and/or companies in
     the sense of 'SS' 15 et seq., AktG, which hidden profit distribution
     would lead to tax disadvantages.

     The Companies are currently not involved in any disputes or audits
     regarding Taxes and Contributions with the competent tax authorities and
     social security authorities.

3.12 The afore-going provisions 3.1 until 3.11 apply accordingly to the
     Subsidiaries and the Branches.

The Seller and the Purchaser are in agreement that the above declarations
regarding the Agreed Features are neither a guarantee (Garantie) nor an express
warranty (zugesicherte Eigenschaft) within the meaning of the new 'SS''SS' 443
Sec. 1, 444 German Civil Code (BGB).

The Seller will do not neither grant any representation nor warranty. Therefore,
any liability of the Seller for a breach of representations and warranties
whatsoever, contractual, statutory or otherwise, other than for a breach of the
Agreed Features shall be excluded. Any rights or claims of the Buyer for
rescission (Rucktritt) or challenge (Anfechtung) of this agreement or any other
release from this agreement, based on statutory or any other legal grounds
whether or not relating to matters or factual circumstances covered by the
Agreed Features as well as all other statutory claims, including but without
limitation, such for a reduction of the Purchase Price (Minderung) and a
subsequent performance (Nacherfullung), shall be excluded to the extent
expressively agreed upon hereinafter legally possible.

ARTICLE 4 LEGAL CONSEQUENCES




<PAGE>

                                     11/15


4.1  Should it turn out that one or more of the Agreed Feature(s) is/are untrue,
     the Buyer or on the Buyer's choice the Companies can demand that the
     Seller restores within an appropriate deadline, but at the latest within a
     period of four (4) weeks following receipt of the Buyer's request, the
     state which would have existed if the Agreed Feature(s) had been true and
     complete (restitution in kind / Naturalrestitution). Setting the deadline
     can be waived if it is not possible for the Seller to restore the state
     pursuant to the Agreed Features or if it refuses to do so. If setting the
     deadline can be waived or if the Seller fails to restore the state pursuant
     to the Agreed Features within the deadline set, the Seller shall, by paying
     monetary damages in lieu of performance (Schadensersatz in Geld) only,
     place the Buyer or, depending on the Buyer's choice, the Companies in a
     position, in which the Buyer and/or the Companies would have been if the
     Agreed Feature(s) had been true and/or complete. Payments according to
     sentence 3 of this section shall reduce the Purchase Price.

4.2  Except for the stipulations of the following subsection 4.3, all claims of
     the Buyer pursuant to 4.1 in connection with 3.1 until 3. 9 are subject to
     a statute of limitations of two (2) years. In deviance therefrom, a statute
     of limitations of ten (10) years shall apply to defects of title on the
     sold Shares. The respective statutes of limitations shall commence as of
     the Closing Date - with the exception of the Buyer's claims pursuant to 4.1
     in connection with 3.11.

4.3  A statute of limitations of twelve (12) months shall commence for claims of
     the Buyer pursuant to 4.1 in connection with 3.11 after the submission of a
     final, incontestable tax assessment notice or of another incontestable
     demand for payment of the Taxes and Contributions concerned as well as
     additional payments thereof and for the respective assessment period
     concerned; this does not apply to cases of tax evasion and the failure to
     pay taxes due to negligence.

     The Buyer shall insure that the Companies give the Seller and its
     consultants, who are under professional duty to maintain confidence, an
     opportunity to participate in any external tax audit relating to periods
     prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall ensure that the Companies inform
     the Seller without undue delay of the notification and commencement of such
     audits.

4.4  The statute of limitations for the Buyer's claims arising from this
     agreement is halted if the Buyer's claim concerned is made to the Seller in
     writing and stating the grounds before the expiration of the respective
     statute of limitations. The statutory regulations shall otherwise apply
     with respect to the halting of the statutes of limitations.

4.5. All claims and rights of the Buyer due to defects of Agreed Features are
     excluded beyond the regulations in the above Article 3 of this agreement
     and in this Article 4. The above regulations for defects are complete. In
     any case the Buyer does not have a right to rescind from this agreement or
     any other right to withdraw from this agreement.

4.6. The above ciphers 4.2 through 4.5 shall apply accordingly in the event that
     the Company is entitled to a claim in the sense of the above cipher 1.




<PAGE>

                                     12/15


ARTICLE 5 CONTINUATION OF THE BUSINESS UNTIL THE CLOSING DATE

The Seller is obliged to ensure that the Companies conduct their business
exclusively in the ordinary course and with prudent business practice only from
the Signing Date through the Completion Date to the same extent as in the past.
In the above period there shall be no fundamental modifications to the business,
no usual or abnormal agreements or obligations shall be entered into or
otherwise justified and/or sales take place and no agreements or obligations, as
well as with affiliated companies, shall be entered into, unless these have been
individually coordinated with the Buyer and the Buyer has granted its consent
hereto in advance.

ARTICLE 6 COSTS AND EXPENSES

Each Party shall bear the fees and costs of its advisors due in connection with
the preparation, consummation and execution of this agreement. The Buyer shall
bear all fees for the notarization of this agreement.

ARTICLE 7 APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION

This agreement is governed by German law. Any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this agreement shall be brought before the competent Court in
Dusseldorf.

ARTICLE 8 SEVERABILITY

In the case that a provision of this agreement shall be or shall become invalid
or unenforceable, the Parties are obliged to negotiate and agree to an
alternative to such void provisions which as nearly as possible reflects the
same commercial result as the deemed invalid or unenforceable provisions. The
same shall apply if a loophole is contained which requires a regulation. This
shall also apply if the invalidity of a provision stems from the scale of
performance or of time. In this case, the legal scale shall be applied. The
Seller and the Purchaser hereby agree that as soon as legal certainty
("Rechtssicherheit") will be exist that a provision of this agreement concerning
the new 'SS''SS' 444 German Civil Law ("BGB") shall be or shall become invalid
or unenforceable, the Parties are obliged to negotiate and agree to an
alternative to such void provisions which as nearly as possible reflects the
same commercial result as the deemed invalid or unenforceable provisions.

The First Person Appearing declared: The Companies own real property as
described in Section 3.8.

The Notary Public is hereby requested to notify the Company of the transfer of
the Shares pursuant to 'SS' 16 GmbHG (German Act on Companies with Limited
Liability).




<PAGE>

                                     13/15


The Notary Public informed the Persons Appearing that on receipt of the
Company's Shares the Buyer as well as the Seller is unlimitedly liable for
contributions not paid by the Seller.

This deed (except its Annex I which on request of the persons appearing has not
been read aloud but signed instead by the persons appearing) was read aloud to
the Persons Appearing by the notary public, was approved by the Persons
Appearing and was personally signed by the Persons Appearing and the Notary
Public as follows:

B A S E L, this 20th (twentieth) day of December 2002 (two thousand and two)

A. Prot. 2002, Nr.




<PAGE>

                                     14/15


                                                                         Annex I

                          Listing of Agency Agreements

1.   Agreement between London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Co. Limited and AB
     Ferrolegeringar for the sales of products in Scandinavia.

2.   Agreement between London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Co. Limited and
     Ferrolegeringar AG for the sales of products in Europe, the Middle East and
     Northern Africa.

3.   Agreement between London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Co. Limited and GfE
     Giesserei- und Stahlwerksbedarf, GmbH for the sales of products in Europe.

4.   Agreement between London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Co. Limited and
     Metalchimica S.r.l. for the sales of products in Italy.

5.   Agreement between London & Scandinavian Metallurgical Co. Limited and
     Metallurg International Resources GmbH for the purchase and sales of
     products in the CIS and the purchase of products in China.

6.   Agreement between Hydelko AS and AB Ferrolegeringar for the sales of
     products in Scandinavia.

7.   Agreement between Hydelko AS and Ferrolegeringar AG for the sales of
     products in Europe, the Middle East and Northern Africa.

8.   Agreement between Hydelko AS and GfE Giesserei- und Stahlwerksbedarf, GmbH
     for the sales of products in Europe.

9.   Agreement between Hydelko AS and Metalchimica S.r.l. for the sales of
     products in Italy.

10.  Agreement between Aluminum Powder Company Ltd. and GfE Giesserei- und
     Stahlwerksbedarf, GmbH for the sales of products in Italy.

11.  Agreement between Elektrowerk Weisweiler GmbH and AB Ferrolegeringar for
     the sales of products in Scandinavia.

12.  Agreement between Elektrowerk Weisweiler GmbH and Ferrolegeringar AG for
     the sales of products in Europe, the Middle East and Northern Africa.

13.  Agreement between Elektrowerk Weisweiler GmbH and GfE Giesserei- und
     Stahlwerksbedarf, GmbH for the sales of products in Europe.

14.  Agreement between Elektrowerk Weisweiler GmbH and Metalchimica S.r.l. for
     the sales of products in Italy.

15.  Agreement between Metallurg International Resources LLC and Metallurg
     International Resources GmbH for the purchase, sales and tolling of
     products in the CIS and the purchase and sales of products in China.




<PAGE>

                                     15/15


16.  Agreement between GfE Gesellschaft fur Elektrometallurgie mbH and AB
     Ferrolegeringar for the sales of products in Scandinavia.

17.  Agreement between GfE Gesellschaft fur Elektrometallurgie mbH and
     Ferrolegeringar AG for the sales of products in Europe, the Middle East and
     Northern Africa.

18.  Agreement between GfE Gesellschaft fur Elektrometallurgie mbH and GfE
     Giesserei- und Stahlwerksbedarf, GmbH for the sales of products in Europe.

19.  Agreement between GfE Gesellschaft fur Elektrometallurgie mbH and Metallurg
     International Resources GmbH for the purchase and sales of products in the
     CIS and the purchase of products in China.

20.  Agreement between Turk Maadin Sirketi A.S. and Ferrolegeringar AG for the
     sales of worldwide products.

21.  Agreement between Companhia Industrial Fluminense and Metallurg
     International Resources GmbH for the purchase of products in China.

22.  Agreement between Shieldalloy Metallurgical Corporation and Metallurg
     International Resources GmbH for the purchase of products in China.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
