<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c75764exv10w43.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ROBERT C. WOODWORTH RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.43

                                  PULITZER INC.

                           RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD

This Certificate sets forth the terms of the restricted stock unit award made by
Pulitzer Inc. (the "Company") to Robert C. Woodworth ("Executive") on February
21, 2003 (the "Award Date") pursuant to the Pulitzer Inc. 1999 Key Employees'
Restricted Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan").

         1. Number of Shares Covered by Award. The number of units ("Units")
covered by this award is 10,267, each Unit being the notional equivalent of one
share of common stock of the Company. The Company has credited the 10,267 Units
to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company in the Executive's name,
effective as of the Award Date. The number of Units credited to the Executive's
account will be adjusted to reflect capital changes, if any, in accordance with
the terms of the Plan.

         2. Vesting. Subject to the Executive's continuing employment or service
with the Company, the Units covered by this award will vest on December 31,
2008, unless and except to the extent vesting is accelerated (a) in accordance
with the performance-based vesting conditions described in Exhibit A (attached),
as construed and applied by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of the Company, or (b) upon the occurrence of an event that would cause the
acceleration of vesting under the terms of the Executive Transition Agreement
dated as of January 1, 2002 between the Company and the Executive.

         3. Dividend Equivalents. The Company will make cash payments to the
Executive equal to the dividends that would have been paid on the shares
represented by the Units credited to the Executive's account as if the Executive
owned those shares outright. The dividend equivalent payments will be made as
soon as practicable after dividends are paid on the Company's outstanding
shares.

         4. Distribution of Shares. If and when the Units become vested, the
Company will transfer to the Executive a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the number of Units then credited to the Executive's account in full
satisfaction of the Executive's interest hereunder, subject, however, to such
deferral requirements as the Company may impose in order to avoid a limitation
of its income tax deduction attributable to such transfer by reason of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.

         5. Withholding. All amounts payable to the Executive hereunder, whether
in cash or in kind, will be subject to applicable withholding requirements.


Accepted and Agreed to by:                 PULITZER INC.



/s/ Robert C. Woodworth                    By:/s/ Alan G. Silverglat
-------------------------------              ---------------------------------
Robert C. Woodworth                              Alan G. Silverglat
                                                 Senior Vice President-Finance
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

                  CRITERIA FOR VESTING PERFORMANCE BASED EQUITY

Objective Criteria *

         1. Grow newspaper advertising revenue minus employment revenue during
the measurement period** at a rate equal to or in excess of the growth rate of
the Advertising Revenue Benchmark (as hereinafter defined). The Advertising
Revenue Benchmark is defined as the average annual percentage change in NAA
newspaper advertising revenue minus employment revenue from year to year during
the three years included in the measurement period.

         2. Improve consolidated operating profit margins*** from the 17.7%
margin in fiscal 2002 to at least 20.6% for the 2005 fiscal year.

Subjective Criteria

         1. Management of the Company's business and assets in a manner that
enhances shareholder value, considering the Objective Criteria and such other
factors and measurements as the Committee deems appropriate.

         2. Maintaining and enhancing the Company's reputation for journalistic
excellence.

         3. Success in corporate governance, including an effective relationship
with the Company's Board of Directors and shareholders.

         4. Building and retaining an effective management team to help ensure
the Company's success.

         If both of the Objective Criteria are met, all options and restricted
share units subject to the application of the Performance Vesting Criteria will
automatically vest. If both of the Objective Criteria are not met, none of the
options or restricted share units will automatically vest, but the Committee in
its discretion may vest all, some or none of the options or units based on its
review of the executive's satisfaction of the Subjective Criteria.

         All options and/or units that do not vest based on performance during
the measurement period will vest on December 31, 2008, subject to the
executive's continuing employment and acceleration under the customary terms of
the executive's stock option and restricted stock unit award agreements.

----------

* In determining whether the Objective Criteria have been satisfied appropriate
adjustments will be made for any acquisitions or dispositions during the
measurement period.

** Measurement period is the three year period beginning January 1, 2003 and
ending December 31, 2005.

*** Operating profit to revenues with Pulitzer's share of Tucson results
included in both operating profits and revenues.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
