<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c75764exv10w42.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ROBERT C. WOODWORTH RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.42

                                  PULITZER INC.
                           RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD

This Certificate sets forth the terms of the restricted stock unit award made by
Pulitzer Inc. (the "Company") to Robert C. Woodworth ("Executive") on December
11, 2002 (the "Award Date") pursuant to the Pulitzer Inc. 1999 Key Employees'
Restricted Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan").

         1. Number of Shares Covered by Award. The number of units ("Units")
covered by this award is 20,533, each Unit being the notional equivalent of one
share of common stock of the Company. The Company has credited the 20,533 Units
to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company in the Executive's name,
effective as of the Award Date. The number of Units credited to the Executive's
account will be adjusted to reflect capital changes, if any, in accordance with
the terms of the Plan.

         2. Vesting. The Units covered by this award will vest at the end of
three years from the Award Date, subject to the Executive's continuing
employment or service with the Company, or, if earlier, upon the occurrence of
an event which would cause the acceleration of vesting under the terms of the
Executive Transition Agreement dated as of January 1, 2002 between the Company
and the Executive.

         3. Dividend Equivalents. The Company will make cash payments to the
Executive equal to the dividends that would have been paid on the shares
represented by the Units credited to the Executive's account as if the Executive
owned those shares outright. The dividend equivalent payments will be made as
soon as practicable after dividends are paid on the Company's outstanding
shares.

         4. Distribution of Shares. If and when the Units become vested, the
Company will transfer to the Executive a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the number of Units then credited to the Executive's account in full
satisfaction of the Executive's interest hereunder, subject, however, to such
deferral requirements as the Company may impose in order to avoid a limitation
of its income tax deduction attributable to such transfer by reason of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.

         5. Withholding. All amounts payable to the Executive hereunder, whether
in cash or in kind, will be subject to applicable withholding requirements.


Accepted and Agreed to by:                     PULITZER INC.



/s/ Robert C. Woodworth                        By: /s/ Alan G. Silverglat
-----------------------                            ---------------------
Robert C. Woodworth                                Alan G. Silverglat
                                                   Senior Vice President-Finance



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
