<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d02447exv2w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT A TO FINDINGS OF FACT, CONCLUSIONS OF LAW
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2
                                                                     to Form 8-K

                                    EXHIBIT A

                               PLAN MODIFICATIONS

I. Sections 12.11: There shall be a new section 12.11 of the Plan, which shall
be entitled "Limitation on Releases" and shall include the following language:

         Notwithstanding any language to the contrary contained in the
         Disclosure Statement, Plan, and/or Confirmation Order, including, but
         not limited to, Section 12.8 of the Plan, no provision shall release
         any non-Debtor or any Continuing Officer from liability to the United
         States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in connection
         with any civil or criminal action brought by the SEC.

II. Section 2.1 - Replace the period at the end of the last sentence with a
semi-colon and insert the following after such semi-colon:

         provided, further, that to the extent any taxing authority possesses a
         valid, perfected, non-avoidable lien on account of such authority's
         Allowed Administrative Expense Claim, such lien shall remain in place
         until such Allowed Administrative Expense Claim is paid in full.

III. Section 2.3 - Insert the following: ", before the Effective Date, or the
Reorganized Debtors, on or after the Effective Date," after the word
"Proponents".

IV. Section 4.1 - Insert the following: ", before the Effective Date, or the
Reorganized Debtors, on or after the Effective Date," after the word
"Proponents". At the end of the section, insert the following sentence:


<PAGE>

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of Allowed Priority Non-Tax
         Claims arising out of customer deposits shall receive a credit in the
         full amount of such Claim on a subsequent bill rather than receiving
         Cash.

V. Section 5.16 - Replace the period at the end of the sentence with a comma,
and insert the following after such comma:

         to the extent OMC and/or GSC determine it necessary to enter into such
         an agreement.

VI. Section 9.1(a) - Delete the words "to include additional contracts and
agreements" from subsection (i). Replace the period at the end of the first
sentence with a semi-colon and insert the following after such semi-colon:

         provided, however, that the Schedule of Rejected Contracts and Leases
         may not be amended more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the
         Effective Date.

VII. Section 9.3 - Delete the first sentence and insert the following in its
place:

         Except as otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court, in the event that
         the rejection of an executory contract or unexpired lease pursuant to
         the Plan results in damages to the other party or parties to such
         contract or lease, a Claim for such damages must be filed and served on
         the Reorganized Debtors and the Creditors' Committee no later than
         thirty (30) days after the later of: (i) the Effective Date or (ii) the
         date that the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors serve notice that such
         contract or lease will be rejected, or such Claims shall be forever
         barred and shall not be enforceable against the Debtors, or their
         respective properties or interests in property, or agents, successors,
         or assigns, unless a proof of claim has been filed with the Bankruptcy
         Court on or before the Bar Date.

VIII. Section 1.32 - Insert the word "Cable" between the words "Universal" and
"Holdings".


<PAGE>

IX. Section 13.10 - Replace the word "Costs" with the word "Cases". At the end
of the Section, include the following sentence:

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 13.10 of the
         Plan shall not apply to the obligations of the Post-Effective Date
         Parties under the Plan or the Plan Documents.

X. Section 8.3 - Replace the word "Claims" with the word "claims".

XI. Section 2.1 - At the end of the second paragraph, add the following
sentence:

         All pre-confirmation and post-confirmation fees payable pursuant to
         section 1930 of Title 28 of the United States Code shall not be
         affected by the consolidation described in Section 5.2 of the Plan.

XII. Section 12.8(d) - There shall be a new Section 12.8(d) of the Plan entitled
"Limitation on Release of Claims", which shall contain the following language:

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, Continuing
         Officers and the Indenture Trustee, together with its present and
         former directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives,
         attorneys, accountants, underwriters, investment bankers or financial
         advisors, and any of their respective successors or assigns, shall not
         be released with respect to: (i) claims asserted by non-Debtor parties
         that did not vote to accept the Plan; (ii) acts or omissions that
         constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) acts or
         omissions that are not in connection with or related to Class
         Communications, Inc. or its affiliates.

XIII. Section 12.9 - Delete the words "or affecting" from subsection (i).


<PAGE>

XIV. Section 1.65 - Replace the words "any reasonable Indenture Trustee Fee"
with "the reasonable fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee, including,
without limitation, the fees and expenses of its counsel" and at the end of the
section, delete the word "Fee" and insert the following:

         ", including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of its
         counsel."

XV. Section 5.11(g) - There shall be a new Section 5.11(g) of the Plan entitled
"Deemed Bondholder Claims", which shall contain the following language:

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Reorganized
         Debtors are authorized to issue additional shares of New Common Stock
         in an amount sufficient to satisfy and discharge the Allowed Claims of
         ReGen Capital I, Inc. and Riverside Contracting, L.L.C. so as to permit
         such parties to receive shares of New Common Stock rather than Cash to
         satisfy such Allowed Claims, which additional shares of New Common
         Stock shall be in an amount equal to the Pro Rata share of the shares
         of New Common Stock that such Holders would have received in the event
         that such Holder's Allowed Claim(s) were Class 8 Claims and shall
         otherwise be bound by the terms of the Plan and related documents
         associated with the ownership of New Common Stock.

XVI. Section 4.7 - Insert the following: ", before the Effective Date, or the
Reorganized Debtors, on or after the Effective Date," after the word
"Proponents".

XVII. Section 1.47 - replace the phrase "all conditions precedent to the
Effective Date specified in section 10.1 hereof" with "all conditions precedent
(i) to confirmation of the Plan and (ii) to the Effective Date specified in
Sections 10.1 and 11.1 hereof, respectively,".



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
