<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex1032.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBLEASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2002
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.32

                              CONSENT TO SUBLEASE

     CONSENT dated December 30, 2002, between 444 MADISON, L.L.C., a New York
limited liability company having an office at 444 Madison Avenue, New York, New
York ("Landlord"), Siebel Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having an
office at 2207 Bridgepoint Parkway, San Mateo, CA 94404 ("Tenant"), and Avenue
A, Inc., a Washington corporation having an office at 444 Madison Avenue, New
York, New York ("Subtenant").

                                    RECITAL

     Landlord and Tenant entered into a lease dated April 30, 1999, as amended
     (the "Lease"), covering approximately 28,610 rentable square feet (the
     "Demised Premises") of the building known as 444 Madison Avenue, New York,
     New York. The Demised Premises are more particularly described in the
     Lease.

     Tenant desires to sublet to Subtenant a portion (the "Subleased Premises")
     of the Demised Premises pursuant to the sublease agreement (the "Sublease")
     attached hereto as Exhibit A. Landlord is willing to consent to the sublet
     on the terms set forth in this Consent.

     Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1. Subject to the provisions of this Consent, Landlord hereby consents to
the sublet.

     2. The Consent shall not be construed in any manner to modify, waive or
affect any of the terms, covenants, conditions or agreements contained in the
Lease, or to waive any breach or default by Tenant under the Lease.

     3. Tenant shall not be released from, and Tenant shall be and remain liable
for, the performance and observation of all of the terms, covenants, conditions
and agreements contained in the Lease, including, without limitation, the
payment of the fixed rent, additional rent and all other sums now or hereafter
due under the Lease.

     4. Notwithstanding any provision of this Consent or the Sublease: (a) the
sublet shall be subject and subordinate at all times to the Lease and this
Consent, and to all of the terms, covenants, conditions and agreements contained
in the Lease and this Consent. (b) Subtenant shall not do permit or suffer
anything to be done in, or in connection with, the Subtenant's use or occupancy
of the Subleased Premises which would violate any of the terms, covenants,
conditions or agreements contained in the Lease, including, without limitation.
the use of the Demised Premises permitted by the Lease, and (c) except for the
provisions of this Consent, there shall be no privity of estate or contract
between Landlord and Subtenant with respect to the Lease, the Sublease or the
Subleased Premises.

     5. This Consent shall not be construed as a consent by the Landlord to, or
as permitting, any other further subletting or assignment by Tenant or
Subtenant.

     6. Upon the expiration or any earlier termination of the Lease, or upon the
surrender of the Lease by Tenant to Landlord, the Sublease and the term thereof
shall terminate as of the

                                       1.

<PAGE>


effective date of such expiration, termination or surrender, and Subtenant shall
vacate the Subleased Premises on such date unless Landlord shall elect, at
Landlord's sole option, to continue the Sublease as a direct lease between
Landlord and Subtenant, in which event Subtenant shall execute and deliver to
Landlord an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Landlord whereby
Subtenant shall agree to attorn to Landlord, except that the Landlord shall not
be (a) liable for any previous act or omission of Tenant under the Sublease, (b)
subject to any offset, not expressly provided in the Lease or (c) bound by any
modification of the Sublease or any prepayment of any fixed rent, additional
rent or other sums for more than one month in advance.

     7. The Sublease shall not be valid until (a) an original, executed
counterpart of the Sublease has been delivered to Landlord and (b) any Guarantor
of the Lease acknowledges its consent to the Sublease and agrees, for the
benefit of Landlord and Landlord's successors and assigns, that the obligations
and liabilities of the Guarantor under the Guaranty shall not in any manner be
released, relieved or otherwise affected by the Sublease. If the conditions of
this paragraph have not been complied with on or before the 60th day following
the date of this Consent, this Consent shall be deemed null and void and of no
further force or effect.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Consent as
of the day and year first above written.

                                 LANDLORD

                                 444 MADISON ASSOCIATES. L.L.C.


                                 By:   /s/ Henry Gross
                                    -----------------------------------------

                                 Name: Henry Gross
                                      ---------------------------------------

                                 Its:  President
                                     ----------------------------------------

                                 TENANT


                                 Siebel Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation


                                 By:   /s/ Jeffrey Amann
                                    -----------------------------------------

                                 Name: Jeffrey Amann
                                      ---------------------------------------

                                 Its:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel
                                       ----------------------------------------

                                       2.

<PAGE>

                                   SUBTENANT

                                   Avenue A, Inc., a Washington corporation


                                   By:   /s/ Tom Sperry
                                      -----------------------------------------

                                   Name: Tom Sperry
                                        ---------------------------------------

                                   Its:  President
                                       ----------------------------------------

                                       3.

<PAGE>

                                    SUBLEASE

     This Sublease ("Sublease"), dated December 30, 2002 (the "Execution Date"),
is entered into by and between Siebel Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Sublandlord"), and Avenue A, Inc., a Washington corporation ("Subtenant").

1.   Basic Provisions.

     1.1 Sublease Premises: The "Sublease Premises" under this Sublease consists
of approximately 3,418 rentable square feet located on the 8th floor in the
building commonly known as 444 Madison Avenue, New York, New York ("Building").
The Sublease Premises are a portion of the those certain premises ("Master
Premises") containing approximately 28,610 rentable square feet which are
demised pursuant to the Master Lease to Sublandlord. The Sublease Premises are
depicted on Exhibit A to this Sublease.

     1.2 Master Landlord: 444 Madison, LLC, a New York limited liability
company.

     1.3 Master Lease: Office Lease dated April 30, 1999, as amended by an
Amendment to Lease dated April 30, 2000, as amended by an Second Amendment to
Lease dated January 31, 2001 entered into by Sublandlord, as tenant, and Master
Landlord, as landlord, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B.

     1.4 Term: This Sublease shall begin on the Commencement Date and end on the
Expiration Date, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Sublease. Promptly following a request therefore, Subtenant
agrees to execute a Sublease Commencement Date Certificate in the form attached
as Exhibit C setting forth the actual Commencement Date and the Expiration Date.

     1.5 Commencement Date: Estimated to be January 1, 2003, but in any case
upon the date which is the later of (i) the date Sublandlord tenders possession
of the Sublease Premises to Subtenant or (ii) the date the Master Landlord gives
its written consent to this Sublease.

     1.6 Expiration Date: February 26, 2006

     1.7 Base Rent: $12,000 per month, subject to escalation as set forth in
Section 4.2 below.

     1.8 Subtenant's Share: Subtenant's Share is deemed to be a fraction, the
numerator of which is the rentable square footage of the Sublease Premises, and
the denominator of which is the rentable square footage of the Master Premises.
As of the Execution Date, Subtenant's Share is 11.95 percent

     1.9 Subtenant's Use: General office.

                                       1.

<PAGE>


     1.10 Subtenant's Address:     Smith Tower, 506 2nd Avenue
                                   Seattle, Washington 98104
                                   Attn: President, Atlas DMT

     1.11 Sublandlord's Address:   2207 Bridgepointe Parkway
                                   San Mateo, California 94404
                                   Attn: Vice President,
                                   Real Estate and Facilities

                 With a copy to:   2207 Bridgepointe Parkway
                                   San Mateo, California 94404
                                   Attn: Vice President, Legal Affairs

     1.12 Security Deposit. $36,000.00

     1.13 Brokers:   For Sublandlord:   CB Richard Ellis and
                                        Resource Real Estate, Inc.

                     For Subtenant:     Parker Madison Partners, inc.

     1.14 Definitions: Each of the terms in Section 1 are used in this Sublease
as defined terms and has the meaning given in such sections. Other capitalized
words and phrases for which no definition is given in this Sublease shall have
the meanings given them in the Master Lease. Unless otherwise indicated, all
section references are to the sections of this Sublease.

2.   Demise Of Premises; License of Furniture and Equipment.

     2.1 Sublandlord hereby subleases the Sublease Premises to Subtenant, and
Subtenant hereby subleases the Sublease Premises from Sublandlord, on and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Sublease. Subtenant represents and
warrants to Sublandlord that: (a) Subtenant is familiar with the provisions of
the Master Lease insofar as it pertains to the Sublease Premises and Subtenant's
use and occupation thereof under this Sublease; (b) Subtenant has the right and
power to execute and deliver this Sublease and to perform its obligations
hereunder; (c) the person or persons executing this Sublease for Subtenant are
fully authorized to so act and no other action is required to bind Subtenant to
this Sublease; and (d) Subtenant is duly organized and in good standing in its
state of formation and is authorized to conduct business in the state where the
Sublease Premises are located.

     2.2 The Sublease hereunder also includes (i) the license to use
Sublandlord's existing workstations and systems furniture located within the
Sublease Premises, a list of which is attached hereto as Exhibit D (the
"Furniture and Equipment"); (ii) the license to use the voice and data cabling
servicing the Furniture and Equipment within the Sublease Premises. Sublandlord
shall relocate, label and coil such voice and data cabling to a location to be
mutually agreed upon. Subtenant shall accept the Furniture and Equipment in its
"as-is" condition without any representation or warranty by Sublandlord.
Subtenant's insurance as required under this Sublease shall include an all risk
property insurance policy for the Furniture and Equipment for its full
replacement value, and Subtenant shall maintain the Furniture and Equipment in
good condition during the term hereof. Subtenant may use such conference rooms
on an as-available

                                       2.

<PAGE>

basis, subject to such reservation system as Sublandlord may adopt from time to
time. The Sublease and the license rights granted in connection therewith shall
not include any right to require Sublandlord to provide any technical or server
support for any Furniture and Equipment.

     2.3 Sublandlord may enter any part of the Sublease Premises at all
reasonable hours, following reasonable prior notice (or in any emergency or
suspected emergency, at any hour and without prior notice), to (a) inspect,
test, clean, or make repairs, alterations and additions to the Sublease Premises
or the Premises as Sublandlord believes appropriate, or (b) show the Sublease
Premises to prospective lenders and purchasers, or, at any time during the last
six (6) months of the Term or when Subtenant is in default beyond the applicable
notice and cure periods hereunder, to prospective subtenants and, if they are
vacated, to prepare them for reoccupancy. Sublandlord shall take reasonable
measures not to unreasonably interfere with Subtenant's operations in connection
with such entries.

     2.4 Subtenant shall have no right to expand or contract the Sublease
Premises and no right of first refusal as to any other premises.

     2.5 Tenant acknowledges that the Master Landlord has the right to terminate
the Master Lease within 45 days following Sublandlord's request for Master
Landlord's consent to this Sublease. Any such exercise of Landlord's recapture
right shall not impose any liability on the part of Sublandlord under this
Sublease. This Sublease shall automatically terminate upon the exercise by
Landlord of such recapture right, and Sublandlord shall immediately return to
Subtenant all deposits and prepaid rent paid to Sublandlord by Subtenant in
connection with this Sublease.

3.   Sublease Term.

     3.1 The Sublease Term shall commence on the Commencement Date specified in
Section 1.5.

     3.2 If for any reason Sublandlord is delayed in delivery of the Sublease
Premises to Subtenant, Sublandlord shall not be liable therefor, nor shall such
failure affect the validity of this Sublease or the obligations of Subtenant
hereunder, or extend the Expiration Date, but in such case the Commencement Date
will not occur and Subtenant shall not be obligated to pay Rent until possession
of the Sublease Premises are tendered to Subtenant.

     3.3 Unless sooner terminated or extended as provided herein, the Sublease
Term shall end on the Expiration Date. However, the Sublease may be terminated
prior to the Expiration Date if the Master Lease is terminated for any cause
whatsoever (and Master Landlord does not require Subtenant to attorn) or as
provided elsewhere in this Sublease, and the Sublease Term shall end on such
earlier termination. Subtenant shall have no option to extend the Sublease Term
or to elect an early termination of the Sublease Term.

4.   Rent.

     4.1 The rent payable by Subtenant for the Sublease Premises shall consist
of the Base Rent under Section 4.2, the Pass Through Costs under Section 4.3 and
the Other Charges under Section 4.4. Base Rent, Pass Through Costs, Other
Charges and any other sums payable by

                                       3.

<PAGE>

Subtenant under this Sublease are collectively referred to as "Rent."
Subtenant's covenant to pay Rent shall be independent of every other covenant in
this Sublease.

     4.2  Base Rent

          4.2.1 Subject to subsection 4.2.2 below, beginning on the Commencement
Date and continuing thereafter, on the first day of each calendar month during
the Sublease Term Subtenant shall pay to Sublandlord in advance, and without
notice, demand, deduction or offset, the monthly Base Rent specified in Section
1.7. If the Commencement Date is a day other than the first day of a calendar
month, the Base Rent for the month in which the Commencement Date occurs will be
prorated, based on a thirty (30) day month. Subtenant shall, on the Execution
Date, pay the first full month Base Rent payable. Base Rent shall be increased
by a compounded three percent (3%) on each annual anniversary of the
Commencement Date.

          4.2.2 Base Rent shall be abated, in full, for the first two full
months of the Sublease Term, and shall be abated in the amount of $4,080.00 for
the third month of the Sublease Term (such that the remaining amount of Base
Rent owing for the third month shall be $7,920.00). Electricity Charges or other
components of Rent shall not be so abated.

     4.3 Throughout the Sublease Term, Subtenant also shall pay as an amount
equal to Subtenant's Share of Tenant's Tax Payment (as such is defined in the
Master Lease) payable by Sublandlord under the Master Lease to the extent the
same exceeds Tenant's Tax Payment payable for the same period during the base
year 2002 (collectively, "Pass Through Costs"). To the extent Pass Through Costs
are payable by Sublandlord on a monthly estimated basis, the same shall be paid
by Subtenant as and when Base Rent is due in an amount based on Master
Landlord's or Sublandlord's estimates; and upon any reconciliation of estimated
and actual Pass Through Costs, the corresponding Pass Through Costs shall be
adjusted between Sublandlord and Subtenant (with appropriate reimbursements or
additional payments) within twenty (20) days after delivery to Subtenant of any
reconciliation statement. For purposes of calculating Pass Through Costs,
Sublandlord shall be entitled to rely conclusively on Master Landlord's
determination of estimated and actual Taxes and shall be under no obligation to
audit or verify the same.

     4.4 Throughout the Sublease Term, Subtenant also shall pay, within five (5)
days after written notice, the sum of $854.50 per month as Subtenant's
electricity charges ("Electricity Charges") as well as any other fees, charges
or other sums payable with respect to the Subleased Premises (collectively,
"Other Charges") for: (a) excess or after hours utility consumption within the
Sublease Premises; (b) excess, after hours or supplemental heating, ventilating
or air conditioning service supplied to the Sublease Premises; (c) services or
benefits supplied to the Sublease Premises at Subtenant's request (or with
Subtenant's acquiescence) for which Master Landlord reserves any right to impose
a fee or charge separate from the Pass Through Costs; (d) to reimburse Master
Landlord or Sublandlord for taxes on personal property, equipment and fixtures
located in or about the Sublease Premises during the Sublease Term; (e) to pay
for any damage to the Building resulting from the act or omission of Subtenant
or Subtenant's agents, employees or invitees, subject to the subrogation
provisions of Section 8.2 herein; and (f) damages recoverable due to a default
under the Master Lease which is the result of any Default or failure of
performance by Subtenant under this Sublease.

                                       4.

<PAGE>

     4.5 All Rent shall be paid to Sublandlord or to such other person or such
other place as Sublandlord may from time to time designate in writing. If any
Rent is not paid when due, Subtenant acknowledges that Sublandlord will incur
additional administrative expenses and costs which are difficult or economically
impractical to ascertain. Subtenant shall pay an administrative charge to
Sublandlord equal to ten percent (10%) of the delinquent amount for each thirty
(30) days such payment is overdue. Neither demand for nor receipt of any late
charge called for under this Sublease shall (i) operate to waive any default by
Subtenant or provide a substitute for Subtenant's full and timely performance of
the obligation to pay Rent, or (ii) limit the exercise of any other right or
remedy Sublandlord may have under this Sublease in case of Subtenant's default.

     4.6 In the event of any casualty or condemnation affecting the Sublease
Premises, Rent payable by Subtenant shall be proportionately abated, but only as
to the portion of the Sublease Premises damaged or taken and only to the extent
that Rent payable by Sublandlord is abated or reduced with respect to such
portion of the Sublease Premises. Subtenant shall have no right to terminate the
Sublease in connection with any casualty or condemnation except to the extent
that the Master Lease also is terminated as to the Sublease Premises.

5.   Security Deposit.

     5.1 On the Execution Date, Subtenant shall deposit with Sublandlord the
Security Deposit in the amount specified in Section 1.12, as security for the
full and faithful performance of every provision of this Sublease to be
performed by Subtenant. If Subtenant defaults with respect to any provision of
this Sublease, including but not limited to the provisions relating to the
payment of Rent, Sublandlord, without prejudice to any other right or remedy it
may have, may use, apply or retain all or any part of the Security Deposit for
the payment of any Rent or any other amount which Sublandlord may spend or
become obligated to spend by reason of Subtenant's default, to repair damages to
any part of the Sublease Premises or the Building, to clean the Sublease
Premises or to compensate Sublandlord for any other loss or damage which
Sublandlord may suffer by reason of Subtenant's default. Following any
application of the Security Deposit, Subtenant shall, within five (5) days
following Sublandlord's demand, restore the Security Deposit to its full
original amount, and Subtenant's failure to restore the Security Deposit shall
be deemed an event of default under this Lease without further notice or cure
period. In the event of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings filed by or
against Subtenant, the Security Deposit shall be deemed to be applied first to
the payment of Rent and other charges due Sublandlord for all periods prior to
the effective date of such proceedings. Sublandlord shall not be required to
keep the Security Deposit separate from its general funds, and Subtenant shall
not be entitled to interest on the Security Deposit. If Subtenant shall fully
and faithfully perform every provision of this Sublease to be performed by it,
the Security Deposit or any unapplied balance thereof shall be returned to
Subtenant within three (3) weeks following the Expiration Date.

6.   Possession and Use.

     6.1 Sublandlord subleases the Sublease Premises to Subtenant, and Subtenant
accepts the Sublease Premises, strictly in their present "as-is" and "with all
faults" condition. Sublandlord has no obligation to prepare, modify or alter the
Sublease Premises. Subtenant

                                       5.

<PAGE>

acknowledges that it has had full opportunity to inspect the condition of the
Sublease Premises and Building and all laws, rules, regulations, and
restrictions relating to its use and condition ("Laws"). Subtenant is not
relying on any statement, representation or warranty made by or for Sublandlord
with respect to the Sublease Premises or such Laws. Subtenant, by acceptance of
possession of the Sublease Premises, conclusively acknowledges the Sublease
Premises to be in good order and repair and in a tenantable condition and
acceptable for its intended use.

     6.2 The Sublease Premises shall be used and occupied solely for Subtenant's
Use as specified in Section 1.9. Subtenant's use shall comply with the relevant
provisions of the Master Lease and all applicable laws, rules, regulations,
ordinances, and restrictions. Subtenant shall not use or suffer or permit the
Sublease Premises to be used for any other purpose.

7.   Services, Maintenance and Repair Obligations.

     7.1 Pursuant to Article 21 of the Master Lease, the Master Landlord is to
furnish to the Premises (including the Subleased Premises) during Business Days
from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. certain services and utilities, including after-hours
electricity and HVAC. Master Landlord currently charges Sublandlord $75.00 per
hour for after-hours HVAC. Sublandlord shall include in Other Costs any such
after-hours charge with respect to the Sublease Premises, without markup.
Subtenant acknowledges that the Master Landlord may change such after-hours
charges at any time, and that any such changes will be reflected in Other Costs.
Sublandlord grants to Subtenant the right, so long as Subtenant is not in
Default, to receive all of the services and benefits with respect to the
Sublease Premises which are to be provided by Master Landlord under the Master
Lease. Sublandlord shall have no duty to perform any obligations of Master
Landlord which are, by their nature, the obligation of an owner or manager of
real property. By way of illustration and not limitation, Sublandlord shall not
be required to provide any insurance or services (including utilities, those
services and equipment identified in Article 21 of the Master Lease, security,
or use of common areas or parking facilities) or to perform any maintenance,
repairs, alterations or improvements which Master Landlord is or may be required
to provide or perform under the Master Lease. Sublandlord shall have no
responsibility for or be liable to Subtenant for any default, failure or delay
on the part of Master Landlord in the performance or observance by Master
Landlord of any of its obligations under the Master Lease, nor shall such
default by Master Landlord affect this Sublease or waive or defer the
performance of any of Subtenant's obligations under this Sublease, including
without limitation the obligation to pay Rent; and Subtenant hereby expressly
waives the provisions of any statute, ordinance or judicial decision, now or
hereafter in effect, which would give Subtenant the right to make repairs at the
expense of Sublandlord or Master Landlord, or to claim any actual or
constructive eviction by virtue of any interruption in access, services or
utilities to, or any failure to make repairs in or to, the Sublease Premises or
the Building. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties do contemplate that
Master Landlord will, in fact, perform its obligations under the Master Lease
and in the event of any default or failure of such performance by Master
Landlord, Sublandlord agrees that it will, upon notice from Subtenant, make
demand upon Master Landlord to perform its obligations under the Master Lease.
Sublandlord, however, shall have no obligation to sue the Master Landlord on
Subtenant's behalf or to terminate the Master Lease as a result of any such
default or failure by Master Landlord.

                                       6.

<PAGE>

     7.2 Subtenant shall maintain the Sublease Premises in a clean and orderly
manner and condition, to the extent that Sublandlord is required to maintain the
Sublease Premises under the Master Lease.

     7.3 Without limiting Subtenant's obligations as incorporated from the
Master Lease, Subtenant shall comply with all laws and ordinances, and all
orders, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities and of all
insurance bodies and their fire prevention engineers at any time in force,
applicable to the use, condition, occupancy or modification of the Sublease
Premises, including without limitation, all laws, rules, regulations, ordinances
and code provisions promulgated or applicable as a result of the Americans with
Disabilities Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Tenant shall
be responsible for all modifications (including structural modifications) to the
Sublease Premises or Building triggered or required as a result of Tenant's
particular use or modification of the Sublease Premises. All provisions of the
Master Lease relating to the Tenant's or Sublandlord's use of or liability
arising from Hazardous Materials are hereby incorporated herein, with the term
"Subtenant" substituted for Tenant, except that Sublandlord is not assuming any
responsibility or liability with respect to any Hazardous Materials brought onto
the Premises by others or any liabilities of Master Landlord under the Master
Lease.

8.   Subtenant's Insurance and Indemnity.

     8.1 Throughout the Sublease Term, Subtenant shall procure and maintain, at
its own cost and expense, such workers' compensation, business interruption and
commercial general liability insurance as is required to be carried by Tenant
under the Master Lease, and such property insurance as is required to be carried
by Tenant under the Master Lease to the extent such property insurance pertains
to the Sublease Premises, all naming Sublandlord, as well as Master Landlord, as
additional insureds and loss payees in the manner required in the Master Lease.
If the Master Lease requires the Tenant to insure leasehold improvements or
alterations, then Subtenant shall insure such leasehold improvements which are
located in the Sublease Premises, as well as alterations in the Sublease
Premises made by Subtenant. Subtenant shall furnish to Sublandlord a certificate
of Subtenant's insurance required under this Section 8.1 on or before the
Commencement Date. Subtenant's general liability policies shall be endorsed as
needed to provide cross-liability coverage for Subtenant and Sublandlord and to
provide severability of interests, and the coverage afforded to Sublandlord must
be as broad as that afforded to Subtenant. At least thirty (30) days prior to
expiration of such policies, and promptly upon any other request by Sublandlord,
Subtenant shall furnish Sublandlord with copies of policies, or evidence of
insurance, evidencing maintenance and renewal of the required coverage on ACORD
27 or other form acceptable to Sublandlord in its sole discretion, and a copy of
the endorsement to Subtenant's liability policy showing the additional insureds.
In the event Subtenant does not maintain said insurance, Sublandlord may, in its
sole discretion and without waiving any other remedies hereunder, procure said
insurance and Subtenant shall pay to Sublandlord as rent the cost of said
insurance plus a ten percent (10%) administrative fee.

     8.2 Each party hereby waives claims against the other for damage to
property owned by the waiving party where such damage is covered under any
policy of property damage insurance maintained, so long as such waiver does not
invalidate or adversely affect the waiving party's property damage insurance;
and each party shall attempt to obtain from its insurance

                                       7.

<PAGE>

carrier a waiver of its right of subrogation. Subtenant agrees to obtain, for
the benefit of Master Landlord and Sublandlord, such waivers of subrogation
rights from its insurer as are required of Sublandlord, as Tenant, under the
Master Lease. Subtenant hereby waives claims against Master Landlord and
Sublandlord for death, injury, loss or damage of every kind and nature, if and
to the extent that Sublandlord, as Tenant, waives or releases such claims
against Master Landlord under the Master Lease.

     8.3 To the fullest extent permitted by law, Subtenant waives all claims
against Sublandlord for economic damages, damage to any property or injury or
death of any person in, on or about the Sublease Premises arising at any time or
from any cause other than to the extent resulting directly from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Sublandlord. Subtenant agrees to protect,
defend, indemnify and hold Sublandlord harmless from all claims, losses,
damages, liabilities and expenses which Sublandlord may incur, or for which
Sublandlord may be liable to Master Landlord, arising from (a) the use,
modification or occupancy of the Sublease Premises during the Sublease Term, (b)
the acts or omissions of Subtenant, and (c) any acts or events occurring in or
about the Sublease Premises during the Sublease Term, which are the subject
matter of any indemnity or hold harmless of Sublandlord, as Tenant, to Master
Landlord under the Master Lease. Subtenant's obligations to protect, defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Sublandlord under this Section 8.3 are in no way
conditioned upon either (a) Subtenant's acts or omissions being a cause of any
underlying claim, demand, action, loss or damage, or (b) Sublandlord being free
of negligence or wrongful conduct in connection therewith; provided, however,
that Subtenant shall not be required to indemnify or hold Sublandlord harmless
to the extent it is established that Sublandlord's gross negligence or willful
misconduct is the cause of any claim, demand, action, liability, expenses, loss
or damage.

9.   Assignment or Subletting.

     9.1 Any assignment, subletting, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, or other
transfer shall be governed by the terms and conditions of Article 11 of the
Master Lease. None of the foregoing shall be effective unless and until any
Default by Subtenant hereunder has been cured, and in no event shall any of the
foregoing relieve Subtenant from Subtenant's obligations and agreements under
this Sublease, and Subtenant shall continue to be liable as a principal and not
as a guarantor or surety.

10.  Alterations.

     10.1 Subtenant shall not make any alterations in or additions to the
Sublease Premises ("Alterations") if to do so would constitute a default under
the Master Lease (without regard to any requirement of notice or cure period).
If Subtenant's proposed Alterations would not constitute a default under the
Master Lease, Sublandlord's consent thereto shall nonetheless be required, but
Sublandlord's consent to such Alterations shall not be unreasonably withheld,
and if Sublandlord consents thereto, Sublandlord shall use reasonable efforts to
obtain the consent of Master Landlord if such consent is required under the
Master Lease. If Alterations by Subtenant are permitted or consented to,
Subtenant shall comply with all of the covenants of Sublandlord, as Tenant,
contained in the Master Lease pertaining to the installation and removal of such
Alterations. In addition, Subtenant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
Sublandlord

                                       8.

<PAGE>

against claim, liability, loss, cost, damage, liens and expense imposed on
Sublandlord arising out of the installation and removal of Alterations by
Subtenant.

     10.2 If Subtenant performs any Alterations, Subtenant shall be obligated to
remove such Alterations and restore the Sublease Premises to the condition
existing on the Commencement Date (or on such earlier date as Subtenant first
entered the Sublease Premises) if (a) the Master Lease requires such removal and
restoration by Sublandlord or (b) Sublandlord reserved the right to require such
removal at the time of its consent to such Alterations.

11.  Casualty or Eminent Domain.

     11.1 In the event of a fire or other casualty affecting the Building or the
Sublease Premises, or of a taking of all or a part of the Building or the
Sublease Premises under the power of eminent domain, Sublandlord shall be
entitled to exercise any right it may have to terminate the Master Lease without
first obtaining the consent or approval of Subtenant. If the Master Lease
imposes on Sublandlord the obligation to repair or restore the Premises, the
Building, and any leasehold improvements or alterations, Subtenant shall be
responsible for repair or restoration of the Premises, the Building, and any
leasehold improvements or alterations within the Sublease Premises to the extent
the Sublandlord, as Tenant under the Master Lease, is obligated under the Master
Lease.

12.  Surrender.

     12.1 On the Expiration Date, or upon the earlier termination of the
Sublease or of Subtenant's right to possession of the Sublease Premises,
Subtenant will at once surrender and deliver up the Sublease Premises, together
with all improvements thereon, to Sublandlord in as good condition and repair as
when delivered to Subtenant, reasonable wear and tear and casualty excepted.
Conditions existing because of Subtenant's failure to perform maintenance,
repairs or replacements as required of Subtenant under this Sublease shall not
be deemed "reasonable wear and tear." Subtenant shall surrender to Sublandlord
all keys to the Sublease Premises and make known to Sublandlord the combination
of all combination locks which Subtenant is permitted to leave on the Sublease
Premises.

     12.2 All Alterations in or upon the Sublease Premises made by Subtenant and
not removed or required to be removed hereunder shall become a part of and shall
remain upon the Sublease Premises upon such termination without compensation,
allowance or credit to Subtenant. At Sublandlord's written request Subtenant
shall restore the Sublease Premises to their condition prior to the making of
such Alterations and repair any damage occasioned by such removal or
restoration. If Subtenant is permitted or required to remove any Alteration or a
portion thereof, and Subtenant does not complete such removal in accordance with
this Section, Sublandlord may remove the same (and repair any damage occasioned
thereby), and dispose thereof, or at its election, warehouse the same. Subtenant
shall pay the costs of such removal, repair and warehousing on demand.

     12.3 As between Sublandlord and Subtenant, Subtenant shall not be required
to remove any Alterations performed by Sublandlord prior to the Commencement
Date ("Sublandlord Alterations") or to restore the Sublease Premises to their
condition prior to the making of such

                                       9.

<PAGE>

Sublandlord Alterations. If Sublandlord is required under the Master Lease to
remove any Sublandlord Alterations performed prior to the Commencement Date,
Subtenant shall permit Sublandlord to enter the Sublease Premises for a
reasonable period of time prior to the expiration date of the Master Lease for
the purpose of removing Sublandlord Alterations and restoring the Sublease
Premises as required by the Master Lease.

     12.4 On the Expiration Date, or upon the earlier termination of the
Sublease or of Subtenant's right to possession of the Sublease Premises,
Subtenant shall remove Subtenant's articles of personal property incident to
Subtenant's business which are not affixed to the Sublease Premises ("Trade
Fixtures"); provided, however that Subtenant shall repair any injury or damage
to the Sublease Premises which may result from such removal, and shall restore
the Sublease Premises to the same condition as prior to the installation
thereof. If Subtenant does not remove Subtenant's Trade Fixtures from the
Sublease Premises on or before the Expiration Date or the earlier termination of
Subtenant's right to possession, Sublandlord may, at its option, remove the same
(and repair any damage occasioned thereby and restore the Sublease Premises as
aforesaid) and dispose thereof or warehouse the same, and Subtenant shall pay
the cost of such removal, repair, restoration or warehousing to Sublandlord on
demand, or Sublandlord may treat said Trade Fixtures as having been conveyed to
Sublandlord with this Sublease acting as a Bill of Sale therefor, without
further payment or credit by Sublandlord to Subtenant.

13.  Holding Over.

     13.1 Subtenant has no right to occupy the Sublease Premises or any portion
thereof after the Expiration Date or after the termination of this Sublease or
of Subtenant's right to possession hereunder. In the event Subtenant or any
party claiming by, through or under Subtenant holds over, Sublandlord may
exercise any and all remedies available to it at law or in equity to recover
possession of the Sublease Premises, and to recover damages, including without
limitation, damages payable by Sublandlord to Master Landlord by reason of such
holdover.

     13.2 Without limiting Sublandlord's rights under Section 13.1, for each and
every month or partial month that Subtenant or any party claiming by, through or
under Subtenant remains in occupancy of all or any portion of the Sublease
Premises after the Expiration Date or after the earlier termination of this
Sublease or of Subtenant's right to possession, Subtenant shall pay, as minimum
damages and not as a penalty, monthly rental at a rate equal to double the rate
of Rent payable by Subtenant hereunder immediately prior to the Expiration Date
or the earlier termination of this Sublease or of Subtenant's right to
possession. The acceptance by Sublandlord of any lesser sum shall be construed
as payment on account and not in satisfaction of damages for such holding over.

14.  Encumbering Title.

     14.1 Subtenant shall not do any act which in any way encumbers the title of
Master Landlord in and to the Building nor shall the interest or estate of
Master Landlord or Sublandlord be in any way subject to any claim by way of lien
or encumbrance, whether by operation of law or by virtue of any express or
implied contract by Subtenant, or by reason of any other act or omission of
Subtenant. Any claim to, or lien upon, the Sublease Premises or the Building
arising

                                       10.

<PAGE>

from any act or omission of Subtenant shall accrue only against the estate of
Subtenant and shall be subject and subordinate to the paramount title and rights
of Master Landlord and the Sublandlord.

     14.2 Without limiting the generality of Section 14.1, Subtenant shall not
permit the Sublease Premises or the Building to become subject to any
mechanics', laborers' or materialmen's lien on account of labor or material
furnished to Subtenant or claimed to have been furnished to Subtenant in
connection with work of any character performed or claimed to have been
performed on the Sublease Premises by, or at the direction or sufferance of,
Subtenant. Sublandlord may cause such liens to be released by any means it deems
proper, including payment, at Subtenant's expense and without affecting
Sublandlord's rights.

15.  Subtenant's Default.

     15.1 Any one or more of following events shall be considered a "Default" by
Subtenant, as such terms are used in this Sublease:

          15.1.1 Subtenant shall be adjudged an involuntary bankrupt, or a
decree or order approving, as properly filed, a petition or answer filed against
Subtenant asking reorganization of Subtenant under the Federal bankruptcy laws
as now or hereafter amended, or under the laws of any state, shall be entered,
and any such decree or judgment or order shall not have been vacated or stayed
or set aside within sixty (60) days from the date of the entry or granting
thereof; or

          15.1.2 Subtenant shall file, or admit the jurisdiction of the court
and the material allegations contained in, any petition in bankruptcy, or any
petition pursuant or purporting to be pursuant to the Federal Bankruptcy laws
now or hereafter amended, or Subtenant shall institute any proceedings for
relief of Subtenant under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws or any laws relating
to the relief of debtors, readjustment of indebtedness, re-organization,
arrangements, composition or extension; or

          15.1.3 Subtenant shall make any assignment for the benefit of
creditors or shall apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver for
Subtenant or any of the property of Subtenant; or

          15.1.4 Subtenant shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts
as they become due; or

          15.1.5 The Sublease Premises are levied on by any revenue officer or
similar officer, or

          15.1.6 A decree or order appointing a receiver of the property of
Subtenant shall be made and such decree or order shall not have been vacated,
stayed or set aside within thirty (30) days from the date of entry or granting
thereof; or

          15.1.7 Subtenant shall vacate or abandon the Sublease Premises during
the Sublease Term or assign this Sublease or further sublet of the Sublease
Premises other than in strict accordance with Section 8; or

                                       11.

<PAGE>

          15.1.8 Subtenant fails to make any payment of Rent required to be made
by Subtenant as and when the same is due; or

          15.1.9 Subtenant fails to secure insurance or to provide proper
evidence of insurance as set forth in Section 8 of this Sublease or fails to
keep the Sublease Premises or the Building free of lien claims as set forth in
Section 14 of this Sublease and either such failure continues for more than
three (3) days after written notice thereof to Subtenant; or

          15.1.10 Subtenant, by its act or omission, causes an event or
condition under the Master Lease which either is a default thereunder or,
subject only to the delivery of any required notice or passage of any cure or
grace period, would constitute a default thereunder; or

          15.1.11 Subtenant fails to fulfill, keep, observe or perform any of
the other covenants and obligations herein contained to be fulfilled, kept,
observed and performed by Subtenant, and such failure continues for more than
fifteen (15) days after notice thereof in writing to Subtenant.

     15.2 Upon the occurrence of any one or more Defaults, Sublandlord may
exercise any remedy against, and recover such amounts from, Subtenant as Master
Landlord may exercise or be entitled to for default by Tenant under the Master
Lease, which provisions of the Master Lease are hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

16.  Provisions Regarding Master Lease.

     16.1 This Sublease and all rights of the parties hereunder are subject and
subordinate to the Master Lease. The parties hereby acknowledge, each to the
other, that it is not practical in this Sublease to enumerate all of the rights
and obligations of the various parties under the Master Lease and specifically
to allocate those rights and obligations in this Sublease. Accordingly, in order
to afford to Subtenant the benefits of this Sublease and of those provisions of
the Master Lease which by their nature are intended to benefit the party in
possession of the Sublease Premises, and in order to protect Sublandlord against
a Default by Subtenant which might cause a default by Sublandlord under the
Master Lease, Sublandlord and Subtenant covenant and agree as set forth in this
Article 16.

     16.2 Except as expressly modified herein, the following provisions of the
Lease are hereby expressly incorporated into this Sublease with the term
"Sublandlord" substituted for Landlord and the term "Subtenant" substituted for
Tenant, and the term demised premises substituted for Sublease Premises and the
term "Sublease" substituted for Lease: 3.03, 4.02(c), 4.02(d), 4.02(f), the
first sentence of 4.03, 4.04, 4.05, Article 5 (except the last sentence of
5.03), Article 6 (except for the third parenthetical in the first sentence of
6.01(a), Article 7, Article 8, Article 9, Article 10, Article 11, Articles 13
through 19, Article 21; 22.02, 22.03, 22.04, Article 23, Articles 25 through 30,
Article 32 through 36, Article 38, Article 41, Schedule C, Schedule D, Schedule
E, Schedule F, Schedule G, and Schedule H; provided that references in the
following sections to Landlord shall mean Master Landlord as defined herein:
4.02(d), 4.02(f), 4.05, Article 8, 9.02, and Article 21. No portion of the
Amendment to Lease and the Second Amendment to Lease are incorporated herein.

                                       12.

<PAGE>

     16.3 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Sublease, Subtenant
shall perform all affirmative covenants and shall refrain from performing any
act which is prohibited by the negative covenants of the Master Lease, where the
obligation to perform or refrain from performing is by its nature imposed upon
the party in possession of the Sublease Premises. If practicable, Subtenant
shall perform affirmative covenants which are also covenants of Sublandlord
under the Master Lease at least five (5) days prior to the date when
Sublandlord's performance is required under the Master Lease. Sublandlord shall
have the right to enter the Sublease Premises to cure any default by Subtenant
under this Section.

     16.4 It is expressly agreed that: (a) if the Master Lease should terminate
prior to the Expiration Date, Sublandlord shall have no liability to Subtenant;
and (b) to the extent the Master Lease grants Sublandlord any discretionary
right to terminate the Master Lease, whether due to casualty, condemnation, by
election by Sublandlord or otherwise, Sublandlord shall be entitled to exercise
or not exercise such right in its sole and absolute discretion and without
liability to Subtenant.

     16.5 Any non-liability, release, indemnity or hold harmless provision in
the Master Lease for the benefit of Master Landlord shall be deemed to apply
under this Sublease and inure to the benefit of both Sublandlord and Master
Landlord.

     16.6 If Subtenant desires to take any action which requires the consent of
Master Landlord under the terms of the Master Lease, then, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein: (a) Sublandlord, independently, shall have the
same rights of approval or disapproval as Master Landlord has under the Master
Lease; (b) Subtenant shall not take any such action until it obtains the consent
of both Sublandlord and Master Landlord; and (c) Subtenant shall request that
Sublandlord obtain Master Landlord's consent on Subtenant's behalf and
Sublandlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such consent.
Subtenant shall pay all costs reasonably incurred by Sublandlord in seeking or
procuring Master Landlord's consent. Any approval or consent required of
Sublandlord conclusively shall be deemed reasonably withheld if approval or
consent also is required of the Master Landlord, and Master Landlord fails to
give Master Landlord's approval or consent.

     16.7 Subtenant shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless
Sublandlord from any and all liability, damages, liabilities, claims,
proceedings, actions, demands and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
resulting, directly or indirectly, from Subtenant's Default under this Sublease.

17.  Master Landlord's Consent.

     17.1 This Sublease and the obligations of the parties hereunder are
expressly conditioned upon Sublandlord's obtaining prior written consent hereto
by Master Landlord. Subtenant shall promptly deliver to Sublandlord any
information reasonably requested by Master Landlord with respect to the nature
and operation of Subtenant's business and/or the financial condition of
Subtenant.

     17.2 Sublandlord and Subtenant hereby agree, for the benefit of Master
Landlord, that this Sublease and Master Landlord's consent hereto shall not (a)
create privity of contract

                                       13.

<PAGE>

between Master Landlord and Subtenant; (b) be deemed to have amended the Master
Lease in any regard (unless Master Landlord shall have expressly agreed writing
to such amendment); or (c) be construed as a waiver of Master Landlord's right
to consent to any assignment of the Master Lease by Sublandlord or any further
subletting of the Sublease Premises, or as a waiver of Master Landlord's right
to consent to any assignment by Subtenant of this Sublease or any subletting of
the Sublease Premises or any part thereof.

18.  Notices.

     18.1 All notices which may or are required to be given by either party to
the other shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when received or refused
if personally delivered, or if sent by United States registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or if sent by a nationally
recognized overnight commercial courier service providing receipted delivery, in
any such case (a) if to Subtenant, addressed to Subtenant at the address
specified in Section 1. 10 or at such other place as Subtenant may from time to
time designate by notice in writing to Sublandlord or (b) if for Sublandlord,
addressed to Sublandlord at the address specified in Section 1.11 or at such
other place as Sublandlord may from time to time designate by notice in writing
to Subtenant. Each party agrees promptly to deliver to the other party a copy of
any notice, demand, request, consent or approval received from Master Landlord.

     18.2 Any notice delivered by Sublandlord in connection with, or as a
precondition to, a Default by Subtenant shall be in lieu of and not in addition
to any notice to pay rent or notice to perform covenant required under law.

19.  Right To Terminate.

     19.1 Subject to Subtenant paying to Sublandlord the Termination Fee
described below, Subtenant shall have one (1) option to terminate this Sublease,
such termination to be effective on the one year anniversary of the Commencement
Date. In order to exercise such option, Subtenant shall (i) provide written
notice to Sublandlord four months prior to such anniversary, and (ii) pay to
Sublandlord the unamortized portion of all costs incurred by Sublandlord in
connection with this Sublease, including without limitation all rent abatement,
brokerage commissions and attorneys' fees. Failure to timely notify Sublandlord
shall render the option void. Subtenant's option is personal to Subtenant and
shall not be exercisable and shall be deemed void if Subtenant is in default
under this Sublease at the time of the exercise of such option, or if Subtenant
has been in default more than two times in any twelve month period during the
term hereof.

20.  Miscellaneous.

     20.1 Each party warrants to the other that it has had no dealings with any
broker or agent in connection with this Sublease, except those Brokers specified
in Section 1.14 above. Each party covenants to protect, defend, indemnify and
hold harmless the other party from and against any and all costs (including
reasonable attorneys' fees), expense or liability for any compensation,
commission and charges claimed by any broker or other agent, other than the
Brokers, with respect to this Sublease or the negotiation thereof on behalf of
such indemnifying

                                       14.

<PAGE>

party. Subtenant shall be responsible for the payment of the brokerage
commissions due to Subtenant's Broker incurred in connection with this Sublease,
in the amount of $28,080.00.

     20.2 Sublandlord shall not be responsible for providing any security to the
Sublease Premises.

     20.3 In the event that any action is brought by either party to enforce the
terms of this Sublease. the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs.

     20.4 This Sublease is the entire agreement between the parties regarding
its subject matter and supersedes any prior oral or written agreements among
them regarding the subject matter contained herein.

     20.5 No waiver of any provision of this Sublease or consent to any action
shall constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Sublease or consent to
any other action. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or
consent, or commit a party to provide a future waiver, unless such provision is
expressly set forth in writing. Any waiver given by a party shall be void if the
party requesting such waiver has not provided a full and complete disclosure of
all material facts relevant to the waiver requested.

     20.6 The terms of this Sublease have been negotiated by the parties hereto
and the language used in this Sublease shall be deemed to be the language chosen
by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent. The parties acknowledge
and agree that each party and its counsel have reviewed and revised this
Sublease and that no rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are
to be resolved against the drafting party shall be employed in the
interpretation of this Sublease.

     20.7 This Sublease is subject to amendment only by a writing that makes
reference to this Sublease and is signed by all parties hereto.

     20.8 This Sublease may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

                                       15.

<PAGE>

     In Witness Whereof, Sublandlord and Subtenant have executed this Sublease
on the dates set forth below, intending to be bound hereby.

SUBLANDLORD:                             SUBTENANT:


Siebel Systems, Inc.,                    Avenue A, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation                   a Washington corporation


By:   /s/ Jeffrey Amann                  By:   /s/ Tom Sperry
   ------------------------------------     ------------------------------------
Name: Jeffrey Amann                      Name: Tom Sperry
     ----------------------------------       ----------------------------------
Its:  Senior Vice President
      and General Counsel                Its:  President
    -----------------------------------      -----------------------------------

Date: 1/20/03                            Date: 12/30/02
     ----------------------------------       ----------------------------------

                                       16.

<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit A

                             DESIGNATION OF PREMISES

<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit B

                                  MASTER LEASE

<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit C

                     Sublease Commencement Date Certificate

            , 2002
------------

---------------------

---------------------

---------------------

Re:  Commencement Letter with respect to that certain Sublease dated as of
     the      day of      , 2002, by and between Siebel Systems, Inc., as
         ----       ------
     Sublandlord, and                     , as Subtenant, for approximately
                      --------------------
           rentable square feet on the 5th floor of the Building located at
     -----
                         ,           ,       .
     --------------------  ----------  ------

Dear :

In accordance with the terms and conditions of the above referenced Sublease,
Subtenant has accepted possession of the Sublease Premises and Sublandlord and
Subtenant hereby agree to the following:

1.   The Commencement Date of the Sublease is       ;
                                              ------

2.   The Expiration Date of the Sublease is       ; and
                                            ------

3.   Receipt of a check in the amount of $      .    , to be applied as follows:
                                           ----------

Please acknowledge your acceptance of possession and agreement to the terms set
forth above by signing all three counterparts of this Commencement Letter and
returning two fully executed counterparts to my attention.

Sincerely,


-------------------
Leasing Administrator

Siebel Systems, Inc.
2207 Bridgepointe Parkway
San Mateo, CA 94404

Agreed and Accepted:

Subtenant:
           ---------------------


By:
    --------------------------------------
Name :
       -----------------------------------
Title:
       -----------------------------------
Date:
       -----------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit D

                             FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

                Description                                             Quantity
                -----------                                             --------
Private Offices:
----------------
Workrite Pinnacle Board with tray & arm
   Model #2170-22TG/UB2180S-25                                              5
Greensteel Whiteboard 4 x 6 with white trim                                 5
Peter Pepper Coat Hooks                                                     5

Miscellaneous:
--------------
Name plate holder action signs systems for
   offices and cubicles                                                    12
Tenex Trash Receptacles 23261 black                                        12

Workstations/Private Offices:
-----------------------------
Workstations (Single/HDN)                                                   7
Small Private Office                                                        5
Seating                                                                    29

Files:
------
4 Dwr 18 x 36 Bloxx File                                                    6
4 Dwr 18 x 36 Fundamental File                                              8
Skate Wire Basket                                                          30

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
