<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex1010.txt
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED 1999 STOCK INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.10

                                 AVENUE A, INC.

                 RESTATED 1999 STOCK INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

                               SECTION 1. PURPOSE

     The purpose of the Avenue A, Inc. 1999 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan
(the "Plan") is to enhance the long-term shareholder value of Avenue A, Inc., a
Washington corporation (the "Company"), by offering opportunities to selected
persons to participate in the Company's growth and success, and to encourage
them to remain in the service of the Company and its Related Corporations (as
defined in Section 2) and to acquire and maintain stock ownership in the
Company.

                             SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS

     For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth
below:

     "Award" means an award or grant made pursuant to the Plan, including,
without limitation, awards or grants of Stock Awards and Options, or any
combination of the foregoing.

     "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     "Cause" means dishonesty, fraud, misconduct, unauthorized use or disclosure
of confidential information or trade secrets, or conviction or confession of a
crime punishable by law (except minor violations), in each case as determined by
the Plan Administrator, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time.

     "Common Stock" means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Company.

     "Corporate Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.1.

     "Disability," unless otherwise defined by the Plan Administrator, means a
mental or physical impairment of the Participant that is expected to result in
death or that has lasted or is expected to last for a continuous period of 12
months or more and that causes the Participant to be unable, in the opinion of
the Company, to perform his or her duties for the Company or a Related
Corporation and to be engaged in any substantial gainful activity.

     "Effective Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.

     "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     "Fair Market Value" shall be as established in good faith by the Plan
Administrator or (a) if the Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq National
Market, the closing sales price for the Common Stock as reported by the Nasdaq
National Market for a single trading day or (b) if the Common Stock is listed on
the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange, the

                                       -1-

<PAGE>

closing sales price for the Common Stock as such price is officially quoted in
the composite tape of transactions on such exchange for a single trading day. If
there is no such reported price for the Common Stock for the date in question,
then such price on the last preceding date for which such price exists shall be
determinative of Fair Market Value.

     "Good Reason" means the occurrence of any of the following events or
conditions and the failure of the Successor Corporation to cure such event or
condition within 30 days after receipt of written notice from the Participant:

          (a) a change in the Participant's status, title, position or
responsibilities (including reporting responsibilities) that, in the
Participant's reasonable judgment, represents a substantial reduction in the
status, title, position or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior
thereto; the assignment to the Participant of any duties or responsibilities
that, in the Participant's reasonable judgment, are materially inconsistent with
such status, title, position or responsibilities; or any removal of the
Participant from or failure to reappoint or reelect the Participant to any of
such positions, except in connection with the termination of the Participant's
employment for Cause, for Disability or as a result of his or her death, or by
the Participant other than for Good Reason;

          (b) a reduction in the Participant's annual base salary;

          (c) the Successor Corporation's requiring the Participant (without the
Participant's consent) to be based at any place outside a 35-mile radius of his
or her place of employment prior to a Corporate Transaction, except for
reasonably required travel on the Successor Corporation's business that is not
materially greater than such travel requirements prior to the Corporate
Transaction;

          (d) the Successor Corporation's failure to (i) continue in effect any
material compensation or benefit plan (or the substantial equivalent thereof) in
which the Participant was participating at the time of a Corporate Transaction,
including, but not limited to, the Plan, or (ii) provide the Participant with
compensation and benefits substantially equivalent (in terms of benefit levels
and/or reward opportunities) to those provided for under each material employee
benefit plan, program and practice as in effect immediately prior to the
Corporate Transaction;

          (e) any material breach by the Successor Corporation of its
obligations to the Participant under the Plan or any substantially equivalent
plan of the Successor Corporation; or

          (f) any purported termination of the Participant's employment or
services for Cause by the Successor Corporation that does not comply with the
terms of the Plan or any substantially equivalent plan of the Successor
Corporation.

     "Grant Date" means the date on which the Plan Administrator completes the
corporate action relating to the grant of an Award and all conditions precedent
to the grant have been satisfied, provided that conditions to the exercisability
or vesting of Awards shall not defer the Grant Date.

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

     "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option to purchase Common Stock granted
under Section 7 with the intention that it qualify as an "incentive stock
option" as that term is defined in Section 422 of the Code.

     "Nonqualified Stock Option" means an Option to purchase Common Stock
granted under Section 7 other than an Incentive Stock Option.

     "Option" means the right to purchase Common Stock granted under Section 7.
"Option Term" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.

     "Parent," except as otherwise provided in Section 8.3 in connection with
Incentive Stock Options, means any entity, whether now or hereafter existing,
that directly or indirectly controls the Company.

     "Participant" means (a) the person to whom an Award is granted; (b) for a
Participant who has died, the personal representative of the Participant's
estate, the person(s) to whom the Participant's rights under the Award have
passed by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, or the
beneficiary designated in accordance with Section 11; or (c) the person(s) to
whom an Award has been transferred in accordance with Section 11.

     "Plan Administrator" means the Board or any committee or committees
designated by the Board or any person to whom the Board has delegated authority
to administer the Plan under Section 3.1.

     "Related Corporation" means any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.

     "Related Party Transaction" means (a) a merger of the Company in which the
holders of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the merger hold at least
a majority of the shares of Common Stock in the surviving corporation or parent
thereof immediately after the merger; (b) a mere reincorporation of the Company
or; (c) a transaction undertaken for the sole purpose of creating a holding
company.

     "Retirement" means retirement as of the individual's normal retirement date
under the Company's 401(k) plan or other similar successor plan applicable to
salaried employees, unless otherwise defined by the Plan Administrator from time
to time for purposes of the Plan.

     "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     "Stock Award" means shares of Common Stock or units denominated in Common
Stock granted under Section 9, the rights of ownership of which may be subject
to restrictions prescribed by the Plan Administrator.

     "Subsidiary," except as otherwise provided in Section 8.3 in connection
with Incentive Stock Options, means any entity that is directly or indirectly
controlled by the Company.

     "Successor Corporation" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3.2.

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

     "Termination Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6.

                            SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION

3.1  Plan Administrator

     The Plan shall be administered by the Board and/or a committee or
committees (which term includes subcommittees) appointed by, and consisting of
two or more members of, the Board (a "Plan Administrator"). If and so long as
the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act,
the Board shall consider in selecting the members of any committee acting as
Plan Administrator, with respect to any persons subject or likely to become
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the provisions regarding (a) "outside
directors" as contemplated by Section 162(m) of the Code and (b) "nonemployee
directors" as contemplated by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Board may delegate the responsibility for administering the
Plan with respect to designated classes of eligible persons to different
committees consisting of two or more members of the Board, subject to such
limitations as the Board deems appropriate. Committee members shall serve for
such term as the Board may determine, subject to removal by the Board at any
time. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Board may authorize one
or more senior executive officers of the Company to grant Awards to designated
classes of eligible persons, within the limits specifically prescribed by the
Board.

3.2  Administration and Interpretation by Plan Administrator

     Except for the terms and conditions explicitly set forth in the Plan, the
Plan Administrator shall have exclusive authority, in its discretion, to
determine all matters relating to Awards under the Plan, including the selection
of individuals to be granted Awards, the type of Awards, the number of shares of
Common Stock subject to an Award, all terms, conditions, restrictions and
limitations, if any, of an Award and the terms of any instrument that evidences
the Award. The Plan Administrator shall also have exclusive authority to
interpret the Plan and the terms of any instrument evidencing the Award and may
from time to time adopt and change rules and regulations of general application
for the Plan's administration. The Plan Administrator's interpretation of the
Plan and its rules and regulations, and all actions taken and determinations
made by the Plan Administrator pursuant to the Plan, shall be conclusive and
binding on all parties involved or affected. The Plan Administrator may delegate
administrative duties to such of the Company's officers as it so determines.

                      SECTION 4. STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

4.1  Authorized Number of Shares

     Subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 12.1, the
number of shares of Common Stock that shall be available for issuance under the
Plan shall be

     (a) 3,298,101 shares plus;

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

     (b) an annual increase to be added on the first day of the Company's fiscal
year beginning in 2001 equal to the least of (i) 5,250,000 shares; (ii) 8% of
the adjusted average common shares outstanding of the Company used to calculate
fully diluted earnings per share as reported in the annual report to
shareholders for the preceding year; and (iii) a lesser amount determined by the
Board; provided that any shares from any such increases in previous years that
are not actually issued shall be added to the aggregate number of shares
available for issuance under the Plan; plus

     (c) as of the effective date of the Company's initial public offering, (i)
any authorized shares not issued or subject to outstanding awards under the
Company's 1998 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Prior Plan") and (ii) any
shares subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plan that cease to be
subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or payment of the
awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and
nonforfeitable shares), up to an aggregate maximum of 13,068,568 shares, which
shares shall cease, as of the date of the initial public offering, to be
available for grant and issuance under the Prior Plan, but shall be available
for issuance under the Plan.

     Shares issued under the Plan shall be drawn from authorized and unissued
shares or shares now held or subsequently acquired by the Company.

4.2  Reuse of Shares

     Any shares of Common Stock that have been made subject to an Award that
cease to be subject to the Award (other than by reason of exercise or payment of
the Award to the extent it is exercised for or settled in vested and
nonforfeitable shares) shall again be available for issuance in connection with
future grants of Awards under the Plan.

                             SECTION 5. ELIGIBILITY

     Awards may be granted under the Plan to those officers, directors and
employees of the Company and its Related Corporations as the Plan Administrator
from time to time selects. Awards may also be made to consultants, agents,
advisors and independent contractors who provide services to the Company and its
Related Corporations; provided, however, that such Participants render bona fide
services that are not in connection with the offer and sale of the Company's
securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly
promote or maintain a market for the Company's securities.

                                SECTION 6. AWARDS

6.1  Form and Grant of Awards

     The Plan Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to
determine the type or types of Awards to be made under the Plan. Such Awards may
include, but are not limited to, Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock
Options and Stock Awards. Awards may be granted singly or in combination.

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

6.2  Settlement of Awards

     The Company may settle Awards through the delivery of shares of Common
Stock, cash payments, the granting of replacement Awards or any combination
thereof as the Plan Administrator shall determine. Any Award settlement,
including payment deferrals, may be subject to such conditions, restrictions and
contingencies as the Plan Administrator shall determine. The Plan Administrator
may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment, subject to such rules
and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment
or crediting of interest, or dividend equivalents, including converting such
credits into deferred stock equivalents. The Plan Administrator may at any time
offer to buy out, for a payment in cash or Common Stock, an Award previously
granted based on such terms and conditions as the Plan Administrator shall
establish and communicate to the Participant at the time such offer is made.

6.3  Acquired Company Awards

     Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Plan
Administrator may grant Awards under the Plan in substitution for awards issued
under other plans, or assume under the Plan awards issued under other plans, if
the other plans are or were plans of other acquired entities ("Acquired
Entities") (or the parent of the Acquired Entity) and the new Award is
substituted, or the old award is assumed, by reason of a merger, consolidation,
acquisition of property or stock, reorganization or liquidation (the
"Acquisition Transaction"). In the event that a written agreement pursuant to
which the Acquisition Transaction is completed is approved by the Board and said
agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of the substitution for or
assumption of outstanding awards of the Acquired Entity, said terms and
conditions shall be deemed to be the action of the Plan Administrator without
any further action by the Plan Administrator, except as may be required for
compliance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and the persons holding such
awards shall be deemed to be Participants.

                          SECTION 7. AWARDS OF OPTIONS

7.1  Grant of Options

     The Plan Administrator is authorized under the Plan, in its sole
discretion, to issue Options as Incentive Stock Options or as Nonqualified Stock
Options, which shall be appropriately designated.

7.2  Option Exercise Price

     The exercise price for shares purchased under an Option shall be as
determined by the Plan Administrator, but shall not be less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Grant Date with respect to
Incentive Stock Options and not less than 85% of the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock on the Grant Date with respect to Nonqualified Stock Options. For
Incentive Stock Options granted to a more than 10% shareholder, the Option
exercise price shall be as specified in Section 8.2.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

7.3  Term of Options

     The term of each Option (the "Option Term") shall be as established by the
Plan Administrator or, if not so established, shall be ten years from the Grant
Date. For Incentive Stock Options, the maximum Option Term shall be as specified
in Sections 8.2 and 8.4.

7.4  Exercise of Options

     The Plan Administrator shall establish and set forth in each instrument
that evidences an Option the time at which, or the installments in which, the
Option shall vest and become exercisable, which provisions may be waived or
modified by the Plan Administrator at any time. If not so established in the
instrument evidencing the Option, the Option shall vest and become exercisable
according to the following schedule, which may be waived or modified by the Plan
Administrator at any time:

Period of Participant's Continuous
Employment or Service With the Company
or Its Related Corporations From the            Percent of Total Option
Option Grant Date                               That Is Vested and Exercisable

After 1 year                                    20%

Each additional three-month period of           An additional 6.667%
continuous service completed thereafter

After 4 years                                   100%

     The Plan Administrator may adjust the vesting schedule of an Option held by
a Participant who works less than "full-time" as that term is defined by the
Plan Administrator.

     To the extent that an Option has vested and become exercisable, the Option
may be exercised from time to time by delivery to the Company of a written stock
option exercise agreement or notice, in a form and in accordance with procedures
established by the Plan Administrator, setting forth the number of shares with
respect to which the Option is being exercised, the restrictions imposed on the
shares purchased under such exercise agreement, if any, and such representations
and agreements as may be required by the Plan Administrator, accompanied by
payment in full as described in Section 7.5. An Option may not be exercised for
less than a reasonable number of shares at any one time, as determined by the
Plan Administrator.

7.5  Payment of Exercise Price

     The exercise price for shares purchased under an Option shall be paid in
full to the Company by delivery of consideration equal to the product of the
Option exercise price and the number of shares purchased. Such consideration
must be paid in cash or by check or, unless the Plan Administrator in its sole
discretion determines otherwise, either at the time the Option is granted or at
any time before it is exercised, in any combination of

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

     (a) cash or check;

     (b) tendering (either actually or, if and so long as the Common Stock is
registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, by attestation)
shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant for at least six months
(or any shorter period necessary to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for
financial reporting purposes) having a Fair Market Value on the day prior to the
exercise date equal to the aggregate Option exercise price;

     (c) if and so long as the Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or
12(g) of the Exchange Act, delivery of a properly executed exercise notice,
together with irrevocable instructions, to (i) a brokerage firm designated by
the Company to deliver promptly to the Company the aggregate amount of sale or
loan proceeds to pay the Option exercise price and any withholding tax
obligations that may arise in connection with the exercise and (ii) the Company
to deliver the certificates for such purchased shares directly to such brokerage
firm, all in accordance with the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board; or

     (d) such other consideration as the Plan Administrator may permit.

     In addition, to assist a Participant (including a Participant who is an
officer or a director of the Company) in acquiring shares of Common Stock
pursuant to an Award granted under the Plan, the Plan Administrator, in its sole
discretion, may authorize, either at the Grant Date or at any time before the
acquisition of Common Stock pursuant to the Award, (i) the payment by a
Participant with a full-recourse promissory note, (ii) the payment by the
Participant of the purchase price, if any, of the Common Stock in installments,
or (iii) the guarantee by the Company of a loan obtained by the Participant from
a third party. Subject to the foregoing, the Plan Administrator shall in its
sole discretion specify the terms of any loans, installment payments or loan
guarantees, including the interest rate and terms of and security for repayment.

7.6  Post-Termination Exercises

     The Plan Administrator shall establish and set forth in each instrument
that evidences an Option whether the Option shall continue to be exercisable,
and the terms and conditions of such exercise, if a Participant ceases to be
employed by, or to provide services to, the Company or its Related Corporations,
which provisions may be waived or modified by the Plan Administrator at any
time. If not so established in the instrument evidencing the Option, the Option
shall be exercisable according to the following terms and conditions, which may
be waived or modified by the Plan Administrator at any time:

     (a) Any portion of an Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date
of termination of the Participant's employment or service relationship (the
"Termination Date") shall expire on such date.

     (b) Any portion of an Option that is vested and exercisable on the
Termination Date shall expire upon the earliest to occur of

         (i) the last day of the Option Term;

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

          (ii)  if the Participant's Termination Date occurs for reasons other
than Cause, death, Disability or Retirement, the three-month anniversary of such
Termination Date; and

          (iii) if the Participant's Termination Date occurs by reason of death,
Disability or Retirement, the one-year anniversary of such Termination Date.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant dies after the
Termination Date while the Option is otherwise exercisable, the portion of the
Option that is vested and exercisable on such Termination Date shall expire upon
the earlier to occur of (y) the last day of the Option Term and (z) the first
anniversary of the date of death, unless the Plan Administrator determines
otherwise.

     Also notwithstanding the foregoing, in case of termination of the
Participant's employment or service relationship for Cause, the Option shall
automatically expire upon first notification to the Participant of such
termination, unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise. If a
Participant's employment or service relationship with the Company is suspended
pending an investigation of whether the Participant shall be terminated for
Cause, all the Participant's rights under any Option likewise shall be suspended
during the period of investigation.

     A Participant's transfer of employment or service relationship between or
among the Company and its Related Corporations, or a change in status from an
employee to a consultant, agent, advisor or independent contractor, shall not be
considered a termination of employment or service relationship for purposes of
this Section 7. The effect of a Company-approved leave of absence on the terms
and conditions of an Option shall be determined by the Plan Administrator, in
its sole discretion.

                  SECTION 8. INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION LIMITATIONS

     To the extent required by Section 422 of the Code, Incentive Stock Options
shall be subject to the following additional terms and conditions:

8.1  Dollar Limitation

     To the extent the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Grant
Date) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under the Plan and all
other stock option plans of the Company) exceeds $100,000, such portion in
excess of $100,000 shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option. In the event
the Participant holds two or more such Options that become exercisable for the
first time in the same calendar year, such limitation shall be applied on the
basis of the order in which such Options are granted.

8.2  More Than 10% Shareholders

     If an individual owns more than 10% of the total voting power of all
classes of the Company's stock, then the exercise price per share of an
Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock on the Grant Date and the Option

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

Term shall not exceed five years. The determination of more than 10% ownership
shall be made in accordance with Section 422 of the Code.

8.3  Eligible Employees

     Individuals who are not employees of the Company or one of its parent
corporations or subsidiary corporations may not be granted Incentive Stock
Options. For purposes of this Section 8.3, "parent corporation" and "subsidiary
corporation" shall have the meanings attributed to those terms for purposes of
Section 422 of the Code.

8.4  Term

     Except as provided in Section 8.2, the Option Term shall not exceed ten
years.

8.5  Exercisability

     An Option designated as an Incentive Stock Option shall cease to qualify
for favorable tax treatment as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent it is
exercised (if permitted by the terms of the Option) (a) more than three months
after the Termination Date for reasons other than death or Disability, (b) more
than one year after the Termination Date by reason of Disability, or (c) after
the Participant has been on a leave of absence for more than 90 days, unless the
Participant's reemployment rights are guaranteed by statute or contract.

     For purposes of this Section 8.5, Disability shall mean "disability" as
that term is defined for purposes of Section 422 of the Code.

8.6  Taxation of Incentive Stock Options

     In order to obtain certain tax benefits afforded to Incentive Stock Options
under Section 422 of the Code, the Participant must hold the shares issued upon
the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option for two years after the Grant Date and
one year from the date of exercise. A Participant may be subject to the
alternative minimum tax at the time of exercise of an Incentive Stock Option.
The Participant shall give the Company prompt notice of any disposition of
shares acquired by the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option prior to the
expiration of such holding periods.

8.7  Promissory Notes

     The amount of any promissory note delivered pursuant to Section 7.5 in
connection with an Incentive Stock Option shall bear interest at a rate
specified by the Plan Administrator, but in no case less than the rate required
to avoid imputation of interest (taking into account any exceptions to the
imputed interest rules) for federal income tax purposes.

                                       -10-

<PAGE>

                             SECTION 9. STOCK AWARDS

9.1  Grant of Stock Awards

     The Plan Administrator is authorized to make Awards of Common Stock or
Awards denominated in units of Common Stock on such terms and conditions and
subject to such restrictions, if any (which may be based on continuous service
with the Company or the achievement of performance goals), as the Plan
Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, which terms, conditions
and restrictions shall be set forth in the instrument evidencing the Award. The
terms, conditions and restrictions that the Plan Administrator shall have the
power to determine shall include, without limitation, the manner in which shares
subject to Stock Awards are held during the periods they are subject to
restrictions and the circumstances under which forfeiture of the Stock Award
shall occur by reason of termination of the Participant's employment or service
relationship.

9.2  Issuance of Shares

     Upon the satisfaction of any terms, conditions and restrictions prescribed
in respect to a Stock Award, or upon the Participant's release from any terms,
conditions and restrictions of a Stock Award, as determined by the Plan
Administrator, the Company shall release, as soon as practicable, to the
Participant or, in the case of the Participant's death, to the personal
representative of the Participant's estate or, as the appropriate court directs,
the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock.

9.3  Waiver of Restrictions

     Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, the Plan Administrator
may, in its sole discretion, waive the forfeiture period and any other terms,
conditions or restrictions on any Stock Award under such circumstances and
subject to such terms and conditions as the Plan Administrator shall deem
appropriate.

                             SECTION 10. WITHHOLDING

     The Company may require the Participant to pay to the Company the amount of
any withholding taxes that the Company is required to withhold with respect to
the grant, vesting or exercise of any Award. Subject to the Plan and applicable
law, the Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, permit the Participant
to satisfy withholding obligations, in whole or in part, (a) by paying cash, (b)
by electing to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock (up to the
minimum required federal tax withholding rate) or (c) by transferring to the
Company shares of Common Stock (already owned by the Participant for the period
necessary to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for financial reporting
purposes), in such amounts as are equivalent to the Fair Market Value of the
withholding obligation. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any
Award or any shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to an Award or from any
cash amounts otherwise due or to become due from the Company to the Participant
an amount equal to such taxes. The Company may also deduct from any Award any
other amounts due from the Participant to the Company or a Related Corporation.

                                       -11-

<PAGE>

                            SECTION 11. ASSIGNABILITY

     Awards granted under the Plan and any interest therein may not be assigned,
pledged or transferred by the Participant and may not be made subject to
attachment or similar proceedings otherwise than by will or by the applicable
laws of descent and distribution, and, during the Participant's lifetime, such
Awards may be exercised only by the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and to the extent permitted by Section 422 of the Code, the Plan Administrator,
in its sole discretion, may permit such assignment, pledge, transfer and
exercisability and may permit a Participant to designate a beneficiary who may
exercise the Award or receive compensation under the Award after the
Participant's death; provided, however, that any Award so assigned, pledged or
transferred shall be subject to all the same terms and conditions contained in
the instrument evidencing the Award.

                             SECTION 12. ADJUSTMENTS

12.1 Adjustment of Shares

     In the event that, at any time or from time to time, a stock dividend,
stock split, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation, distribution to shareholders other than a normal cash
dividend, or other change in the Company's corporate or capital structure
results in (a) the outstanding shares, or any securities exchanged therefor or
received in their place, being exchanged for a different number or class of
securities of the Company or of any other corporation or (b) new, different or
additional securities of the Company or of any other corporation being received
by the holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company, then the Plan
Administrator shall make proportional adjustments in (i) the maximum number and
kind of securities subject to the Plan as set forth in Section 4.1 and (ii) the
number and kind of securities that are subject to any outstanding Award and the
per share price of such securities, without any change in the aggregate price to
be paid therefor. The determination by the Plan Administrator as to the terms of
any of the foregoing adjustments shall be conclusive and binding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a dissolution or liquidation of the Company or a
Corporate Transaction shall not be governed by this Section 12.1 but shall be
governed by Sections 12.2 and 12.3, respectively.

12.2 Dissolution or Liquidation

     In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the
Plan Administrator shall notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to
the effective date of such proposed transaction. The Plan Administrator in its
discretion may permit a Participant to exercise an Option until ten days prior
to such transaction with respect to all vested and exercisable shares of Common
Stock covered thereby and with respect to such number of unvested shares as the
Plan Administrator shall determine. In addition, the Plan Administrator may
provide that any forfeiture provision or Company repurchase option applicable to
any Award shall lapse as to such number of shares as the Plan Administrator
shall determine, contingent upon the occurrence of the proposed dissolution or
liquidation at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the extent an Option
has not been previously exercised, the Option shall terminate automatically
immediately prior to the consummation of the proposed action. To the

                                       -12-

<PAGE>

extent a forfeiture provision applicable to a Stock Award has not been waived by
the Plan Administrator, the Stock Award shall be forfeited automatically
immediately prior to the consummation of the proposed action.

                                       -13-

<PAGE>

12.3 Corporate Transaction

     12.3.1 Definition

     "Corporate Transaction" means either of the following events:

     (a) Consummation of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into
another corporation or

     (b) Consummation of any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one
transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all the
Company's outstanding securities or all or substantially all the Company's
assets other than a transfer of the Company's securities or assets to a
majority-owned subsidiary corporation (as defined in Section 8.3) of the
Company.

     12.3.2 Options

     (a) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, except as otherwise provided
in the instrument evidencing the Award, each outstanding Option shall be assumed
or continued or an equivalent option or right substituted by the surviving
corporation, the successor corporation or its parent corporation, as applicable
(the "Successor Corporation"). In the event that the Successor Corporation
refuses to assume, continue or substitute for the Option, the Participant shall
fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Option as to all the shares of
Common Stock subject thereto, including shares as to which the Option would not
otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option will become fully vested and
exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a Corporate
Transaction, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or
electronically that the Option shall be fully vested and exercisable for a
specified time period after the date of such notice, and the Option shall
terminate upon the expiration of such period, in each case conditioned on the
consummation of the Corporate Transaction. For the purposes of this Section
12.3, the Option shall be considered assumed if, following the Corporate
Transaction, the option or right confers the right to purchase or receive, for
each share of Common Stock subject to the Option, immediately prior to the
Corporate Transaction, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other
securities or property) received in the merger or sale of assets by holders of
Common Stock for each share held on the effective date of the transaction (and
if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration
chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares); provided,
however, that if such consideration received in the Corporate Transaction is not
solely common stock of the Successor Corporation, the Plan Administrator may,
with the consent of the Successor Corporation, provide for the consideration to
be received upon the exercise of the Option, for each share of Common Stock
subject thereto, to be solely common stock of the Successor Corporation equal in
fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common
Stock in the Corporate Transaction. All Options shall terminate and cease to
remain outstanding immediately following the consummation of the Corporate
Transaction, except to the extent assumed by the Successor Corporation. Any such
Options granted to an "executive officer" (as that term is defined for purposes
of Section 16 of the Exchange Act) of the Company that are assumed or replaced
in the Corporate Transaction, and do not otherwise accelerate at that time shall
be accelerated in the event that the Participant's employment or services
subsequently terminate

                                       -14-

<PAGE>

within two years following such Corporate Transaction, unless such employment or
services are terminated by the Successor Corporation for Cause or by the
Participant voluntarily without Good Reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such
acceleration shall not occur if the Corporate Transaction was a Related Party
Transaction.

     (b) Options shall not so accelerate under this Section 12.3.2 if, in the
opinion of the Company's outside accountants, acceleration would render
unavailable "pooling of interest" accounting for a Corporate Transaction that
would otherwise qualify for such accounting treatment.

     12.3.3 Stock Awards

     In the event of a Corporate Transaction, except as otherwise provided in
the instrument evidencing the Award, the vesting of shares subject to Stock
Awards shall accelerate, and the forfeiture provisions to which such shares are
subject shall lapse, if and to the same extent that the vesting of outstanding
Options accelerates in connection with the Corporate Transaction. If unvested
Options are to be assumed, continued or substituted by a Successor Corporation
without acceleration upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction, the
forfeiture provisions to which such Stock Awards are subject shall continue with
respect to shares of the Successor Corporation that may be issued in exchange
for such shares.

12.4 Further Adjustment of Awards

     Subject to Sections 12.2 and 12.3, the Plan Administrator shall have the
discretion, exercisable at any time before a sale, merger, consolidation,
reorganization, liquidation or change in control of the Company, as defined by
the Plan Administrator, to take such further action as it determines to be
necessary or advisable, and fair and equitable to the Participants, with respect
to Awards. Such authorized action may include (but shall not be limited to)
establishing, amending or waiving the type, terms, conditions or duration of, or
restrictions on, Awards so as to provide for earlier, later, extended or
additional time for exercise, lifting restrictions and other modifications, and
the Plan Administrator may take such actions with respect to all Participants,
to certain categories of Participants or only to individual Participants. The
Plan Administrator may take such action before or after granting Awards to which
the action relates and before or after any public announcement with respect to
such sale, merger, consolidation, reorganization, liquidation or change in
control that is the reason for such action.

12.5 Limitations

     The grant of Awards shall in no way affect the Company's right to adjust,
reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or
to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part
of its business or assets.

12.6 Fractional Shares

     In the event of any adjustment in the number of shares covered by any
Award, each such Award shall cover only the number of full shares resulting from
such adjustment.

                                       -15-

<PAGE>

                           SECTION 13. MARKET STANDOFF

     In connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of its
equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Securities Act, including the Company's initial public offering, a person
shall not sell, make any short sale of, loan, hypothecate, pledge, grant any
option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer for value or
otherwise agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with respect to
any shares issued pursuant to an Award granted under the Plan without the prior
written consent of the Company or its underwriters. Such limitations shall be in
effect for such period of time as may be requested by the Company or such
underwriters and agreed to by the Company's officers and directors with respect
to their shares; provided, however, that in no event shall such period exceed
180 days. The limitations of this paragraph shall in all events terminate two
years after the effective date of the Company's initial public offering. Holders
of shares issued pursuant to an Award granted under the Plan shall be subject to
the market standoff provisions of this paragraph only if the officers and
directors of the Company are also subject to similar arrangements.

     In the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
combination of shares, exchange of shares or other change affecting the
Company's outstanding Common Stock effected as a class without the Company's
receipt of consideration, any new, substituted or additional securities
distributed with respect to the purchased shares shall be immediately subject to
the provisions of this Section 13, to the same extent the purchased shares are
at such time covered by such provisions.

     In order to enforce the limitations of this Section 13, the Company may
impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the purchased shares until the
end of the applicable standoff period.

                  SECTION 14. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN

14.1 Amendment of Plan

     The Plan may be amended only by the Board in such respects as it shall deem
advisable; provided, however, that to the extent required for compliance with
Section 422 of the Code or any applicable law or regulation, shareholder
approval shall be required for any amendment that would (a) increase the total
number of shares available for issuance under the Plan, (b) modify the class of
persons eligible to receive Options, or (c) otherwise require shareholder
approval under any applicable law or regulation. Any amendment made to the Plan
that would constitute a "modification" to Incentive Stock Options outstanding on
the date of such amendment shall not, without the consent of the Participant, be
applicable to such outstanding Incentive Stock Options but shall have
prospective effect only.

14.2 Termination of Plan

     The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner
terminated as provided herein, the Plan shall terminate ten years after the
earlier of the Plan's adoption by the Board and approval by the shareholders.

                                       -16-

<PAGE>

14.3 Consent of Participant

     The amendment or termination of the Plan or the amendment of an outstanding
Award shall not, without the Participant's consent, impair or diminish any
rights or obligations under any Award theretofore granted to the Participant
under the Plan. Any change or adjustment to an outstanding Incentive Stock
Option shall not, without the consent of the Participant, be made in a manner so
as to constitute a "modification" that would cause such Incentive Stock Option
to fail to continue to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 12 shall not be subject to
these restrictions.

                               SECTION 15. GENERAL

15.1 Evidence of Awards

     Awards granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written instrument
that shall contain such terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions as the
Plan Administrator shall deem advisable and that are not inconsistent with the
Plan.

15.2 No Individual Rights

     Nothing in the Plan or any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to
constitute an employment contract or confer or be deemed to confer on any
Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other
relationship with, the Company or any Related Corporation or limit in any way
the right of the Company or any Related Corporation to terminate a Participant's
employment or other relationship at any time, with or without Cause.

15.3 Registration

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Company shall have no
obligation to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock under the Plan or make
any other distribution of benefits under the Plan unless such issuance, delivery
or distribution would comply with all applicable laws (including, without
limitation, the requirements of the Securities Act), and the applicable
requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity.

     The Company shall be under no obligation to any Participant to register for
offering or resale or to qualify for exemption under the Securities Act, or to
register or qualify under state securities laws, any shares of Common Stock,
security or interest in a security paid or issued under, or created by, the
Plan, or to continue in effect any such registrations or qualifications if made.
The Company may issue certificates for shares with such legends and subject to
such restrictions on transfer and stop-transfer instructions as counsel for the
Company deems necessary or desirable for compliance by the Company with federal
and state securities laws.

     To the extent that the Plan or any instrument evidencing an Award provides
for issuance of stock certificates to reflect the issuance of shares of Common
Stock, the issuance may be effected on a noncertificated basis, to the extent
not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange.

                                       -17-

<PAGE>

15.4 No Rights as a Shareholder

     No Option or Stock Award denominated in units shall entitle the Participant
to any cash dividend, voting or other right of a shareholder unless and until
the date of issuance under the Plan of the shares that are the subject of such
Award.

15.5 Compliance With Laws and Regulations

     Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Plan
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may bifurcate the Plan so as to restrict,
limit or condition the use of any provision of the Plan to Participants who are
officers or directors subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act without so
restricting, limiting or conditioning the Plan with respect to other
Participants. Additionally, in interpreting and applying the provisions of the
Plan, any Option granted as an Incentive Stock Option pursuant to the Plan
shall, to the extent permitted by law, be construed as an "incentive stock
option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

15.6 Participants in Foreign Countries

     The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to adopt such
modifications, procedures and subplans as may be necessary or desirable to
comply with provisions of the laws of foreign countries in which the Company or
its Related Corporations may operate to assure the viability of the benefits
from Awards granted to Participants employed in such countries and to meet the
objectives of the Plan.

15.7 No Trust or Fund

     The Plan is intended to constitute an "unfunded" plan. Nothing contained
herein shall require the Company to segregate any monies or other property, or
shares of Common Stock, or to create any trusts, or to make any special deposits
for any immediate or deferred amounts payable to any Participant, and no
Participant shall have any rights that are greater than those of a general
unsecured creditor of the Company.

15.8 Severability

     If any provision of the Plan or any Award is determined to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any person, or would
disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Plan
Administrator, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to
applicable laws, or, if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in
the Plan Administrator's determination, materially altering the intent of the
Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction,
person or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain
in full force and effect.

15.9 Choice of Law

     The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto, to
the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to
principles of conflicts of laws.

                                       -18-

<PAGE>

                           SECTION 16. EFFECTIVE DATE

     The Effective Date is the date on which the Plan is adopted by the Board,
so long as it is approved by the Company's shareholders at any time within 12
months of such adoption.

     Adopted by the Board on November 16, 1999 and approved by the Company's
shareholders on January 18, 2000. Section 4.1 amended by the Board on December
11, 2002.

                                       -19-

<PAGE>

                    PLAN ADOPTION AND AMENDMENTS/ADJUSTMENTS
                                  SUMMARY PAGE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Section/Effect of       Date of Shareholder
Date of Board Action   Action                     Amendment               Approval
<S>                    <C>                        <C>                     <C>
November 16, 1999      Initial Plan Adoption                              January 18, 2000
December 11, 2002      Amendment                  Section 4.1 -
                                                  Reducing the number
                                                  of shares authorized
</TABLE>

                                       -1-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
