<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-6form8k_021003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6
                                                                    ------------

                                SPECTRASITE, INC.
                           2003 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


                                     PURPOSE

         The SpectraSite, Inc. 2003 Equity Incentive Plan is established to
promote the interests of SpectraSite, Inc. and its shareholders by attracting
and retaining exceptional officers and management of SpectraSite, Inc. and its
subsidiaries and enabling such individuals to participate in the long-term
growth and financial success of SpectraSite, Inc.


                                    ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

         The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Plan:

                  (a)      "AWARD" means, individually or collectively, any
Option or any other grant of an equity interest in the Company as indicated in
Section 4.2 of the Plan.

                  (b)      "AWARD AGREEMENT" means a written agreement between
the Company and an Optionee or Participant with respect to an Award granted
under the Plan.

                  (c)      "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  (d)      "CAUSE" means the Participating Company Group having
"cause" to terminate a Participant's employment or service, as defined in any
existing employment, consulting or any other agreement between the Participant
and the Participating Company Group, or, in the absence of such an employment,
consulting or other agreement, upon:

                           (i)     the conviction of a felony involving an act
of fraud, embezzlement or theft in connection with one's duties or otherwise in
the course of one's employment with the Participating Company Group;

                           (ii)    the intentional and wrongful damaging of
property, contractual interests or business relationships of the Participating
Company Group;

                           (iii)   the intentional and wrongful disclosure of
secret processes or confidential information of the Participating Company Group
in violation of an agreement with or a policy of the Participating Company
Group; or

                           (iv)    intentional conduct contrary to the
Participating Company Group's announced policies or practices (including those
contained in the Company's Employee Handbook) where either: (a) the nature
and/or severity of the conduct or its consequences typically would have resulted
in immediate termination based on the Company's established employee termination

<PAGE>
                                                                               2


or disciplinary practices in place; or (b) the employee has been provided with
written notice detailing the relevant policy or practice and the nature of the
objectionable conduct or other violation, and within 20 business days of the
receipt of such notice the employee has not remedied the violation or ceased to
engage in the objectionable conduct.

                  (e)      "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means the occurrence of any one
of the following events:

                           (i)     any person, as such term is used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act, other than one or more "Permitted Holders" (as
defined below), is or becomes the beneficial owner, as defined in 1934 Act Rules
13d-3 and 13d-5, except that for purposes of this paragraph (i) such person
shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that such person has
the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only
after the passage of time, directly or indirectly, of more than 35% of the total
voting power of the Company's "Voting Stock" (as defined below); provided,
however, that there shall not be a "Change of Control" unless the Permitted
Holders beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, a lesser
percentage of the total voting power of the Company's Voting Stock than such
other person, and do not have the right or ability, by voting power, contract,
or otherwise, to elect or designate for election, a majority of the Board. For
purposes of this paragraph (i), (A) such other person shall be deemed to
beneficially own any Voting Stock of a specified entity held by a parent entity,
if such other person is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more
than 35% of the voting power of the parent entity's Voting Stock, and the
Permitted Holders beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, a
lesser percentage of the total voting power of the parent entity's Voting Stock
than such other person, and do not have the right or ability, by voting power,
contract or otherwise, to elect, or designate for election, a majority of the
parent entity's board of directors, and (B) the Permitted Holders shall be
deemed to beneficially own any Voting Stock of an entity held by any other
parent entity, so long as the Permitted Holders beneficially own, directly or
indirectly, in the aggregate, a majority of the voting power of the parent
entity's Voting Stock;

                           (ii)    during any period of two consecutive years,
individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board, together
with any new directors whose election by the Board or whose nomination for
election by the Company's shareholders was approved by a vote of a majority of
the Company's directors then still in office who were either directors at the
beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was
previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the
Board then in office;

                           (iii)   the merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another person or the merger of another person with or into the
Company, other than a transaction following which the holders of securities that
represented 100% of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Stock of the
Company immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, at
least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Stock of the
surviving person immediately after such transaction in

<PAGE>
                                                                               3


substantially the same proportion that such holders held the aggregate voting
power of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;
or

                           (iv)    the sale of all or substantially all of the
Company's assets to another person, other than one or more Permitted Holders or
an entity owned by one or more Permitted Holders.

The transactions occurring on or about the Effective Date under the
Reorganization Plan shall not constitute a "Change of Control" for purposes of
the Plan.

                  (f)      "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time. Reference in the Plan to any Section of the Code
shall be deemed to include any amendments or successor provisions to such
Section and any rules or regulations promulgated under such section.

                  (g)      "COMMITTEE" means the Compensation Committee of the
Board or, if no such committee shall exist, any members of the Board who are
appointed by the Board to constitute the Committee, or, if no such committee
shall exist and no members of the Board have been so appointed, the Board.

                  (h)      "COMPANY" means SpectraSite, Inc. and any successor
corporations thereto.

                  (i)      "DEFERRED STOCK" means an Award granted by the
Committee pursuant to Section 7.3 of the Plan that awards Shares to a
Participant after the expiration of a period of time and otherwise subject to
certain restrictions imposed by the Committee.

                  (j)      "DISABILITY" means a Participant's experiencing a
"Disability" under any employment, consulting or other agreement between the
Participant and the Participating Company Group, or in the absence of any such
employment, consulting or other agreement, upon a Participant's inability to
perform his or her duties on account of disability or incapacity for a period of
one hundred eighty (180) or more days, whether or not consecutive, within any
period of twelve (12) consecutive months.

                  (k)      "DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT" means an Award granted by the
Committee pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Plan that consists of the right to
payment of dividends with respect to Shares of the Company.

                  (l)      "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the Effective Date (as defined
in the Reorganization Plan).

                  (m)      "EMPLOYEE" means any individual in an employment
relationship with the Company or any Parent Corporation or Subsidiary of the
Company.

                  (n)      "FAIR MARKET VALUE" on a given date means (i) if the
Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the mean between the
highest and lowest sale

<PAGE>
                                                                               4


prices reported as having occurred on the primary exchange with which the Shares
are listed and traded on the date prior to such date, or, if there is no such
sale on that date, then on the last preceding date on which such a sale was
reported; (ii) if the Shares are not listed on any national securities exchange
but are quoted in the National Market System of the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ") on a last sale basis,
the average between the high bid price and low ask price reported on the date
prior to such date, or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on the last
preceding date on which a sale was reported; or (iii) if the Shares are not
listed on a national securities exchange nor quoted in NASDAQ on a last sale
basis, the amount determined by the Committee to be the fair market value based
upon a good faith attempt to value the Shares accurately and computed in
accordance with applicable regulations of the Internal Revenue Service.

                  (o)      "GOOD REASON" means, unless any existing employment,
consulting or any other agreement between the Participant and the Participating
Company Group contains a different definition of "Good Reason," that an Employee
shall have made a good faith determination that one or more of the following has
occurred: (i) any significant and adverse change in the Employee's duties,
responsibilities or authority following a Change in Control, as compared in each
case to the corresponding circumstances in place on the day preceding the Change
of Control; (ii) a relocation of the Employee's principal work location
following a Change in Control as established on the day preceding the Change of
Control to a location that is more than 30 miles away from such location; (iii)
a reduction in the Employee's salary or bonus potential following a Change in
Control that is not in either case agreed to by the Employee, or any other
significant adverse financial consequences associated with the Employee's
employment as compared to the corresponding circumstances in place on the day
preceding the Change of Control; or (iv) a breach by a member of the
Participating Company Group of its obligations under any agreement to which the
member of the Participating Company Group and the Employee are parties that is
not cured within 20 business days following the member of the Participating
Company Group's receipt of a written notice from the Employee specifying the
particulars of such breach in reasonable detail.

                  (p)      "IMMEDIATE FAMILY" means, with respect to an Optionee
or a Participant, the Optionee's or Participant's spouse, children or
grandchildren (including adopted children, stepchildren and grandchildren).

                  (q)      "INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION" means an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code.

                  (r)      "INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR" shall mean a member of the
Board who is both an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of
the Code, and a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3.

                  (s)      "1934 ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereby.

<PAGE>
                                                                               5


                  (t)      "NON-QUALIFIED OPTION" means an Option that is not an
Incentive Stock Option.

                  (u)      "OPTION" means a stock option awarded under Section
4.2 of the Plan and includes both Non-Qualified Options and Incentive Stock
Options to purchase Shares.

                  (v)      "OPTIONEE" means an individual so designated in an
Option Agreement who has been granted an Option by the Company pursuant to this
Plan.

                  (w)      "OPTION AGREEMENT" means an Award Agreement between
the Company and an Optionee with respect to an Option.

                  (x)      "PARENT CORPORATION" means a corporation with
ownership interest in the Company in accordance with Section 424(e) of the Code.

                  (y)      "PARTICIPANT" means an individual who has been
granted an Award under this Plan other than an Option.

                  (z)      "PARTICIPATING COMPANY" means the Company or any
Parent Corporation or Subsidiary thereof, which together shall be collectively
referred to as the "Participating Company Group."

                  (aa)     "PERFORMANCE AWARDS" means Awards granted by the
Committee to a Participant pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Plan, which are
conditioned on the satisfaction of certain performance criteria determined by
the Committee.

                  (bb)     "PERMITTED HOLDERS" means Apollo Management V L.P.,
Capital Research and Management Company, Conseco Capital Management, Fidelity
Management & Research Co. and Oaktree Capital Management LLC and any investment
fund or account managed by any of the foregoing.

                  (cc)     "PLAN" means the SpectraSite, Inc. 2003 Equity
Incentive Plan.

                  (dd)     "Reorganization Plan" means the Plan of
Reorganization of SpectraSite Holdings, Inc. under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code, as confirmed by an order entered on January 28, 2003 by the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina, Raleigh Division,
as it may be amended from time to time.

                  (ee)     "RESTRICTED PERIOD" means the period during which
Restricted Stock remains subject to the restrictions described in Section 6 of
the Plan, as described in Section 6.2 of the Plan.

                  (ff)     "RESTRICTED STOCK" means an Award of Shares granted
under Article 6 of the Plan.

<PAGE>
                                                                               6


                  (gg)     "RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT" means a written
agreement between the Company and a Participant with respect to an Award of
Restricted Stock.

                  (hh)     "RULE 16B-3" means Securities and Exchange Commission
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act, as such may be amended from time to
time, and any successor rule, regulation, or statute fulfilling the same or
similar function.

                  (ii)     "SHARES" means the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock of the Company.

                  (jj)     "STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT" means an Award granted to
a Participant pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Plan which allows for the payment
of cash on the appreciation of the value of Shares.

                  (kk)     "SUBSIDIARY" means a corporation in which the Company
has an ownership interest in accordance with Section 424(f) of the Code.

                  (ll)     "VOTING STOCK" of a person means all classes of
capital stock or other interests, including partnership interests, of such
person then outstanding and normally entitled, without regard to the occurrence
of any contingency, to vote in the election of directors, managers, or trustee
thereof.


                                    ARTICLE 2
                                 ADMINISTRATION
                                 --------------


         2.1      PLAN ADMINISTRATION GENERALLY. The Plan shall be administered
by the Committee having such powers as shall be specified by the Board, or as
are delineated below. Unless the powers of the Committee have been specifically
limited, the Committee shall have all of the powers of the Board granted herein,
subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable limitations imposed by law.
All questions of interpretation of the Plan or of any Award granted under the
Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such
determinations shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in
the Plan and/or any Award.

         2.2      MAKE-UP OF COMMITTEE. Unless the Board determines otherwise,
the Committee shall consist solely of two or more Independent Directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board or the Committee may (i) delegate to a
committee of one or more members of the Board who are not Independent Directors
the authority to grant awards under the Plan to eligible persons who are either
(a) not then "covered employees," within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the
Code and are not expected to be "covered employees" at the time of recognition
of income resulting from such award or (b) not persons with respect to whom the
Company wishes to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and/or (ii) delegate to
a committee of one or more members of the Board who are not Independent
Directors the authority to grant Awards under the Plan to eligible persons who
are not then subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act.

         2.3      POWER OF THE BOARD OVER THE COMMITTEE. The Board may abolish
the Committee at any time, or otherwise assume responsibility for the
administration of

<PAGE>
                                                                               7


the Plan. Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance of
appointment. Committee members may resign at any time by delivering written
notice to the Board. Vacancies in the Committee may only be filled by the Board.

         2.4      DELEGATION BY COMMITTEE. The Committee may delegate to any
officer of the Participating Company Group the authority to act on behalf of the
Committee with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is
the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Committee herein, and which
may be so delegated as a matter of law, except for grants of Awards to (i)
"covered employees" under Code Section 162(m) and (ii) persons subject to
Section 16 of the 1934 Act.


                                    ARTICLE 3
                                   ELIGIBILITY
                                   -----------

         Awards may be granted to employees (including officers) and directors
of the Participating Company Group as well as to individuals who are rendering
services as consultants, advisors, or otherwise as independent contractors to
the Participating Company Group. The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall
determine which persons shall be granted Awards. Options may be either Incentive
Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options. The following individuals are
eligible to receive only Non-Qualified Stock Options: consultants, advisors,
independent contractors and directors (unless a director is also an employee of
a Participating Company).


                                   ARTICLE 4
                        SHARES AND AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN
                        --------------------------------

         4.1      SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. Awards shall be made with respect
to Shares of the Company and shall be subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 9.5 below. The maximum number of Shares which may be issued under the
Plan shall be 3,000,000. In the event that any outstanding Award for any reason
expires or is terminated or canceled and/or Shares subject to repurchase are
repurchased by the Company, the Shares allocable to the unexercised portion of
such Award, or such repurchased Shares, may again be subject to an Award. The
Committee shall maintain a record of Shares subject to outstanding Awards under
the Plan and the exercise price of such Awards, plus a record of all Shares
issued upon the exercise of such Awards and the terms of such Awards.

         4.2      TYPES OF AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN. The following types of Awards
are available under the Plan, subject to the Committee's discretion:

                  (a)      Options (Non-Qualified Stock Options and Incentive
Stock Options)

                  (b)      Restricted Stock

                  (c)      Performance Awards

                  (d)      Dividend Equivalents

<PAGE>
                                                                               8


                  (e)      Deferred Stock

                  (f)      Stock Appreciation Rights

                  (g)      Other Stock-based Awards described in Section 7.5


                                    ARTICLE 5
                                  STOCK OPTIONS
                                  -------------

         5.1      TERMS, CONDITIONS AND FORM OF OPTIONS. Subject to the
provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine for each Option (which
need not be identical) the number of Shares for which the Option is granted,
whether the Option is to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option or as a
Non-Qualified Stock Option and all other terms and conditions of the Option not
inconsistent with the Plan. Options granted pursuant to the Plan shall comply
with and be subject to the following terms and conditions:

                  (a)      OPTION PRICE. The exercise price for each Option
shall be established in the sole discretion of the Committee; provided, however,
that (i) the exercise price per share for an Incentive Stock Option shall be not
less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the granting of the
Incentive Stock Option and (ii) the exercise price per share of an Incentive
Stock Option granted to an Optionee who at the time the Incentive Stock Option
is granted owns stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of a Participating Company within
the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code (a "Ten Percent Owner Optionee")
shall be not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value
of a Share on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an
Incentive Stock Option may be granted by the Committee in its discretion with an
exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such
Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another
Incentive Stock Option in a manner qualifying with the provisions of Section
424(a) of the Code. Nothing herein above shall require that any such assumption
or modification will result in the Option having the same characteristics,
attributes or tax treatment as the Option for which it is substituted.
Notwithstanding the above, the exercise price for any Option granted as of the
Effective Date shall equal the average of the closing prices per Share on the
primary exchange on which the Shares are listed on the first twenty days of
trading following the Effective Date.

                  (b)      EXERCISE PERIOD OF OPTIONS. The Committee shall have
the power to set the time or times within which each Option shall be exercisable
or the event or events upon the occurrence of which all or a portion of each
Option shall be exercisable and the term of each Option.

                  (c)      PAYMENT OF OPTION PRICE. Payment of the option price
for the number of Shares being purchased pursuant to any Option shall be made
by: (i) cash, (ii) check or cash equivalent, (iii) with the consent of the
Committee, delivery or attestation of ownership of a number of Shares which have
been owned by the Optionee for at least six months (or such other period as
necessary to prevent an accounting

<PAGE>
                                                                               9


charge) (or purchased on the open market) with a Fair Market Value equal to the
exercise price, (iv) with the consent of the Committee, delivery of a stock
power and instructions to a broker to sell a sufficient number of Shares subject
to the Option to pay such exercise price (to the extent the Committee determines
it would not result in a violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), or (v)
with the consent of the Committee, promissory note (to the extent the Committee
determines it would not result in a violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002).

                  (d)      $100,000 LIMITATION. The aggregate Fair Market Value,
determined as of the date on which an Incentive Stock Option is granted, of the
Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options (determined without regard
to this subsection) are first exercisable during any calendar year (under this
Plan or under any other plan of the Participating Company Group) by any Optionee
shall not exceed $100,000. If such limitation would be exceeded with respect to
an Optionee for a calendar year, the Incentive Stock Option shall be deemed a
Non-Qualified Stock Option to the extent of such excess.

                  (e)      ANNUAL LIMIT. No individual may be granted in any
calendar year Options to purchase more than 1,000,000 Shares. This Share amount
is subject to adjustment under Section 9.5 and is subject to the Plan maximum
under Article 4.

         5.2      RELOAD OPTIONS. Concurrently with the award of Options, the
Committee may award reload options ("Reload Options") to the Optionee to
purchase, for cash or Shares, a number of Shares. The number of Reload Options
shall equal (i) the number of Shares used to exercise the underlying Options,
and (ii) to the extent authorized by the Committee, the number of Shares used to
satisfy any tax withholding requirement incident to the exercise of the
underlying Options. The grant of a Reload Option will become effective upon the
exercise of the underlying Options where payments due upon exercise of the
Options are made in the form of Shares. Notwithstanding the fact that the
underlying Option may be an Incentive Stock Option, a Reload Option is not
intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

                  (a)      Unless an Option Agreement specifically states that
the Committee has awarded Reload Options with respect to the underlying Options,
none shall be deemed to have been awarded. Upon the exercise of an underlying
Option, the Reload Option will be evidenced by an amendment to the underlying
Option Agreement.

                  (b)      The exercise price per Share deliverable upon the
exercise of a Reload Option shall be the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date the grant of the Reload Option becomes effective.

                  (c)      Each Reload Option is fully exercisable twelve months
from the effective date of grant, subject to earlier termination in accordance
with the terms of the Reload Option. The term of each Reload Option shall be
equal to the remaining term (if any) of the underlying Option. No Reload Options
shall be granted following the termination of an Optionee's employment.

<PAGE>
                                                                              10


                  (d)      The provisions applicable to Options in this Article
5 shall be equally applicable to all Reload Options.

         5.3      VOLUNTARY SURRENDER. The Committee may permit the voluntary
surrender of all or any portion of any Non-Qualified Option and its
corresponding Stock Appreciation Right, if any, granted under the Plan to be
conditioned upon the granting to the Participant of a new option for the same or
a different number of shares as the option surrendered or require such voluntary
surrender as a condition precedent to a grant of a new Option to such
Participant. Such new Option shall be exercisable at an option price, during an
exercise period, and in accordance with any other terms or conditions specified
by the Committee at the time the new Option is granted, all determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Plan without regard to the option price,
exercise period, or any other terms and conditions of the Non-Qualified Option
surrendered.


                                    ARTICLE 6
                                RESTRICTED STOCK
                                ----------------

         6.1      AWARDS OF RESTRICTED STOCK. Awards of Restricted Stock may be
granted under the Plan in such form and on such terms and conditions as the
Committee may from time to time approve, including, without limitation,
restrictions on the sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition or
encumbrance of such Restricted Stock during the Restricted Period and the
requirement that the Participant forfeit such Restricted Stock back to the
Company without any consideration paid by the Company therefor upon failure to
satisfy the applicable performance goals within the Restricted Period.
Restricted Stock may be granted alone or in addition to other Awards under the
Plan. The grant of any Restricted Stock by the Company shall be evidenced by a
Restricted Stock Agreement.

         6.2      RESTRICTED PERIOD. The Committee shall establish the
Restricted Period with respect to each Award of Restricted Stock. The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, at the time an Award of Restricted Stock is made,
prescribe conditions for the lapse or termination of all or a portion of the
restrictions upon the satisfaction of performance goals prior to the expiration
of the Restricted Period. The Committee may also, in its sole discretion,
shorten or terminate the Restricted Period or waive any conditions for the lapse
or termination of restrictions with respect to all or any portion of the
Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock that is not yet vested may, with the consent
of the Committee, be transferred by a Participant to members of the
Participant's Immediate Family or to a trust, partnership, or other entity for
the benefit of the Participant and/or members of the Participant's Immediate
Family, but may not otherwise be sold, assigned, transferred, made subject to
gift, or otherwise disposed of, mortgaged, pledged or encumbered. Except as
otherwise provided in a Participant's Restricted Stock Agreement, or in any
other written agreement between the Participant and the Company, a Participant
shall cease vesting in all or any portion of an Award of Restricted Stock as of
the date of his termination of employment for whatever reason. Any Awards of
Restricted Stock that are not vested as of the date of such termination shall be
forfeited, provided the Committee may, in its discretion, provide that a
Participant whose employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
(including as a result of death

<PAGE>
                                                                              11


or Disability) and/or following a Change of Control may vest in all or any
portion of his Award of Restricted Stock. Any Awards of Restricted Stock not so
vested shall be forfeited.

         6.3      RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF RESTRICTED STOCK. Except as otherwise
provided by the Committee under any Restricted Stock Agreement or except for the
restrictions described in Section 6.2, the Participant shall be the owner of the
Restricted Stock and shall have all the rights of a shareholder, including the
right to receive dividends paid on such Restricted Stock and the right to vote
such Restricted Stock.

         6.4      DELIVERY OF RESTRICTED STOCK. Restricted Stock awarded to a
Participant under the Plan may be held under the Participant's name in a book
entry account maintained by the Company or, if not so held, stock certificates
for Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to the Plan may be registered in the name
of the Participant and issued and deposited, together with a stock power
endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent appointed by the Company and
shall bear an appropriate legend restricting the transferability thereof.
Subject to Section 9.2 below, a Participant shall be entitled to delivery of
stock certificates only when they become vested in accordance with the terms of
his or her Award and upon the expiration or termination of the Restricted Period
and the satisfaction of any other conditions prescribed by the Committee.

         6.5      FORFEITURES. Any Shares of Restricted Stock which are
forfeited shall become the property of the Company and shall again immediately
become available for award under the Plan and all of the rights of such
Participant to such Restricted Stock and all rights as a stockholder with
respect to such shares shall terminate without further obligation on the part of
the Company.


                                    ARTICLE 7
                                ADDITIONAL AWARDS
                                -----------------

         7.1      PERFORMANCE AWARDS. The Committee is authorized to grant
Performance Awards to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

                  (a)      AWARDS AND CONDITIONS. A Performance Award shall
confer upon the Participant rights, valued as determined by the Committee, and
payable to, or exercisable by, the Participant to whom the Performance Award is
granted, in whole or in part, as determined by the Committee, conditioned upon
the achievement of performance criteria determined by the Committee.

                  (b)      OTHER TERMS. A Performance Award shall be denominated
in Shares and may be payable in cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property,
and have such other terms as shall be determined by the Committee.

         7.2      DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS. The Committee is authorized to grant
Dividend Equivalents to Participants. These awards shall consist of the right to
the payment of amounts equal to the value of dividends that may be paid with
respect to Shares in the future. The Committee may provide that Dividend
Equivalents shall be

<PAGE>
                                                                              12


paid or distributed when accrued or shall be deemed to have been reinvested in
additional Shares or Awards, or otherwise reinvested.

         7.3      DEFERRED STOCK. The Committee is authorized to grant Deferred
Stock to Participants, on the following terms and conditions:

                  (a)      AWARD AND RESTRICTIONS. Subject to Section 9.2,
delivery of Shares will occur upon expiration of the deferral period specified
in the Deferred Stock agreement by the Committee (or, if permitted by the
Committee, as elected by the Participant). In addition, Deferred Stock shall be
subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose, which restrictions may
lapse at the expiration of the deferral period or at earlier specified times,
separately or in combination, in installments, or otherwise, as the Committee
shall determine and set forth in the Deferred Stock agreement.

                  (b)      FORFEITURE. Except as otherwise provided by the
Committee in a Participant's Deferred Stock agreement or any other written
agreement between a Participant and the Company, upon termination of employment
during the applicable deferral period, as provided in the Deferred Stock
agreement, all Deferred Stock that is at that time subject to deferral (other
than a deferral at the election of the Participant) shall be forfeited;
provided, that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any
Deferred Stock agreement, or may determine in any individual case, that
restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Deferred Stock will be waived
in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting from specified causes
(other than for Cause), and the Committee may in other cases waive in whole or
in part the forfeiture of Deferred Stock.

         7.4      STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. The Committee is authorized to
grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Participants on the following terms and
conditions:

                  (a)      RIGHT TO PAYMENT. A Stock Appreciation Right shall
confer on the Participant to whom it is granted a right to receive payment in
cash, upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, an amount equal to the excess
of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise (or, if the
Committee shall so determine in the case of any such right, other than one
related to an Incentive Stock Option, the Fair Market Value of one Share at any
time during a specified period before or after the date of exercise or Change of
Control) over (ii) the grant price of the Stock Appreciation Right as determined
by the Committee as of the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right.

                  (b)      OTHER TERMS. The Committee shall determine the time
or times at which a Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in
part, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form of consideration
payable in settlement, method by which Shares will be delivered or deemed to be
delivered to Participants, and any other terms and conditions of any Stock
Appreciation Right. Such Stock Appreciation Rights shall be evidenced by
agreements in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve.

<PAGE>
                                                                              13


         7.5      BONUS AND OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS. The Committee is
authorized to grant to Participants such other Awards that are denominated or
payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or
related to, Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the
purposes of the Plan, including without limitation, Shares awarded purely as a
"bonus" and not subject to any restrictions or conditions, convertible or
exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into
Shares, purchase rights, and Awards valued by reference to book value of Shares
or the value of securities of or the performance of a Participating Company. The
Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards, which may
include performance criteria. Shares delivered pursuant to an Award in the
nature of a purchase right granted under this Section 7.5 shall be purchased for
such consideration, paid for at such times, by such methods, and in such forms,
including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property, as
the Committee shall determine.

         7.6      PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS. Performance Awards, performance-
based Restricted Stock, and certain other Share-based Awards subject to
performance criteria are intended to be "qualified performance-based
compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and shall be paid
solely on account of the attainment of one or more preestablished, objective
performance goals within the meaning of Section 162(m) and the regulations
thereunder. As selected by the Committee, the performance goal shall be the
attainment of one or more of the preestablished amounts of EBITDA, sales
revenue, net income, operating income, cash flow, return on assets, return on
equity, return on capital or total shareholder return of the Company or any
subsidiary or division thereof. The payout of any such Award to a Participant
may be reduced, but not increased, based on the degree of attainment of other
performance criteria or otherwise at the direction of the Committee. The payout
or vesting (as applicable) of any such Award shall be made only following the
certification by the Committee of the attainment of the applicable performance
criteria.

         7.7      MAXIMUM INDIVIDUAL AWARDS. No individual may be granted in any
calendar year more than 1,000,000 Shares subject to any combination of
Performance Awards, Restricted Stock, or other Share-based Awards subject to
performance criteria. The Share amounts in this Section 7.7 are subject to
adjustment under Section 9.5 and are subject to the Plan maximum under Article
4.


                                    ARTICLE 8
                                CHANGE OF CONTROL
                                -----------------

         The Committee shall have the power to provide in each Award Agreement
the treatment or disposition of any Award upon a Change of Control, including,
without limitation, providing for vesting upon the occurrence of a Change of
Control, providing that an Award shall not become vested upon a Change of
Control, providing for vesting upon termination of employment following a Change
of Control, providing for vesting upon termination of employment in anticipation
of a Change of Control, providing for the surrender or substitution of any Award
for consideration in connection with a Change of Control, or providing for the
payment of any amounts in connection with any Awards as the result of a Change
of Control.

<PAGE>
                                                                              14


                                   ARTICLE 9
                   ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS
                   ------------------------------------------

         9.1      AWARD AGREEMENTS. Each Award granted hereunder shall be
evidenced by a written Award Agreement that shall specify the number of Shares
subject to the Award, the installments, if any, in which the Award shall vest
and become exercisable, the date of the expiration of such Award, and such other
terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.

         9.2      ISSUANCE OF SHARES.

                  (a)      As soon as practicable after the exercise of an
Option or settlement of any other Award, including full payment for the Shares
purchased pursuant thereto and the satisfaction of any tax withholding liability
arising with respect to the settlement of any Award, the Company shall duly
issue such Shares to the Optionee/Participant and shall cause to be delivered to
the Optionee/Participant a stock certificate or certificates representing such
Shares and bearing such restrictive legends as the Committee may deem necessary
or appropriate to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations.

                  (b)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Company may, in its discretion, defer for not more than six (6)
months the issuance and delivery of Shares otherwise deliverable hereunder until
completion of the process of listing the Shares on a national exchange or the
filing, registration or other qualification of the Shares under any state or
federal law, rule or regulation as the Company may deem appropriate, provided
that the Company diligently pursues such listing, registration or qualification.
The Company may require any Participant to make such representations and furnish
such information as the Company may deem appropriate in connection with the
issuance or delivery of Shares, in compliance with all applicable laws, rules
and regulations.

                  (c)      The Committee may impose such restrictions on any
Shares issued in settlement of any award as it may deem advisable, including
without limitation restrictions under applicable federal securities laws, under
the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then
listed and/or traded, under any blue-sky or state securities laws applicable to
such Shares and under any applicable stockholders' or other agreement.

         9.3      TAXES AND WITHHOLDING.

                  (a)      As a precondition to the delivery of any Shares or
other payment in settlement of any Award, the Company shall have the right and
authority to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the
Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local taxes,
domestic or foreign, that are required by law or regulation to be withheld by
the Company or any other member of the Participating Company Group upon delivery
of Shares or other payment under any Award. The Optionee/Participant may
discharge such obligation in whole or in part with respect to the

<PAGE>
                                                                              15


minimum tax withholding liability arising upon the settlement of any Award (but
no more than such minimum) (a) by transferring and delivering to the Company
previously owned Shares, which shall be valued at their Fair Market Value; (b)
with the prior approval of the Committee, by authorizing the Company in writing
to deduct and retain Shares, valued at their Fair Market Value, as of the date
of exercise, from the Shares otherwise to be issued upon settlement; or (c) with
the prior approval of the Committee, by any combination of the foregoing methods
of payment.

                  (b)      A Participant who files an election with the Internal
Revenue Service to include the Fair Market Value of any Award in gross income at
such time as may be permitted under Code Section 83(b) shall promptly furnish
the Company with a copy of such election together with the amount of any
federal, state, local or other taxes, domestic or foreign, required to be
withheld to enable the Company to claim an income tax deduction with respect to
such election.

         9.4      COMPETITION. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Plan, the Committee may provide under the terms of any Award
Agreement that all rights of the Optionee/Participant in any Award, to the
extent such rights have not already expired or been exercised, shall terminate
and be extinguished immediately if a Optionee/Participant engages in competition
(as defined in the applicable Award Agreement or Employment Agreement) with the
Participating Company Group, whether during and/or after his or her employment
with the Participating Company Group. In the event that an Optionee/Participant
receives or exercises an Option or other Award at a time when he or she has
already, without the Company's knowledge or consent, commenced engaging in
competition with the Participating Company Group, the Company may, by written
notice given to the Optionee/Participant, rescind and void such purported
transfer, Award or exercise, and the Optionee/Participant shall return to the
Company immediately upon demand (i) any and all stock certificates representing
Shares issued to him or her upon the exercise at such time of such Option or
Award and still owned by the Optionee/Participant, in exchange for which the
Company shall return to the Optionee/Participant any consideration paid for such
Shares, or (ii) any other consideration received by the Optionee/Participant
under the Option or Award. The Award agreements may include such other
restrictive covenants as the Committee in its discretion deems necessary or
appropriate for the reasonable protection of the Participating Company Group's
business interests.

         9.5      CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE. In the event that the Company
hereafter declares a dividend payable in, or subdivides or combines Shares, or
engages in a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up,
transfer of assets, combination or exchange of Shares, reclassification or like
change in the capital structure of the Company, Change of Control or any other
event affecting the Shares, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustment in
the number (including without limitation the aggregate numbers specified in
Sections 4.1, 5.1(e) and 7.7) and kind of Shares that are or may become subject
to Awards granted or to be granted hereunder, and in the exercise price of
Options or Awards granted hereunder, and shall take such other action as in its
judgment shall be necessary or appropriate to equitably preserve each
Optionee/Participant's rights with respect to such Options and/or Awards
substantially

<PAGE>
                                                                              16


proportionate to his or her respective rights existing prior to such event. The
decision of the Committee with respect to any matter referred to in this Section
9.5 shall be conclusive and binding upon each Optionee/Participant. The Company
shall give each Optionee/Participant written notice of any adjustments to an
Award of the Optionee/Participant or the terms and conditions thereof made
pursuant to this Section 9.5. Nothing herein is intended to preserve an
Optionee/Participant's percentage equity interest in the Company against
dilution resulting from the issuance of additional securities by the Company
subsequent to the grant of an Award.

         9.6      OPTIONS NON-TRANSFERABLE.

                  (a)      Each Award shall be exercisable only by the
Participant during the Participant's lifetime, or, if permissible under
applicable law, by the Participant's legal guardian or representative. No Award
may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or
encumbered by a Participant otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment,
sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the
Participating Company Group; provided that the designation of a beneficiary
shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale,
transfer or encumbrance.

                  (b)      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may in
the applicable Award agreement or at any time after the date of grant in an
amendment to an Award Agreement provide that Options which are not intended to
qualify as Incentive Stock Options may be transferred by a Participant without
consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt consistent with
any applicable Award agreement to preserve the purposes of the Plan, to:

                           (i)     any person who is a "family member" of the
Participant, as such term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 (collectively,
the "Immediate Family Members");

                           (ii)    a trust solely for the benefit of the
Participant and his or her Immediate Family Members;

                           (iii)   a partnership or limited liability company
whose only partners or shareholders are the Participant and his or her Immediate
Family Members; or

                           (iv)    any other transferee as may be approved
either (a) by the Board or the Committee in its sole discretion, or (b) as
provided in the applicable Award agreement;

         (each transferee described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above
is hereinafter referred to as a "Permitted Transferee"); provided that the
Participant gives the Committee advance written notice describing the terms and
conditions of the proposed transfer and the Committee notifies the Participant
in writing that such a

<PAGE>
                                                                              17


transfer would comply with the requirements of the Plan and any applicable Award
Agreement evidencing the Option.

                  (c)      The terms of any Option transferred in accordance
with the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to the Permitted Transferee
and any reference in the Plan or in an Award Agreement to an Optionee or
Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that
(a) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Options, other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; (b) Permitted Transferees
shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred Options unless there shall be
in effect a registration statement on an appropriate form covering the shares to
be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Committee determines,
consistent with any applicable Award agreement, that such a registration
statement is necessary or appropriate, (c) the Committee or the Company shall
not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not
such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the
Participant under the Plan or otherwise, and (d) the consequences of termination
of the Participant's employment by, or services to, the Participating Company
Group, under the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award agreement shall
continue to be applied with respect to the Participant, following which the
Options shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and
for the periods, specified in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.

         9.7      STAND-ALONE, ADDITIONAL, TANDEM, AND SUBSTITUTE AWARDS. Awards
granted under the Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted
either alone or in addition to, in tandem with, or in substitution for, any
other Award granted under the Plan. If an Award is granted in substitution for
another Award, the Committee shall require the surrender of such other Award in
consideration for the grant of the new Award. Awards granted in addition to or
in tandem with other Awards may be granted either as of the same time as or a
different time from the grant of such other Awards.

         9.8     EXCHANGE PROVISIONS. The Committee may at any time offer to
exchange or buy out any previously granted Award for a payment in cash, Shares,
other Awards or other property based on such terms and conditions as the
Committee shall determine and communicate to the Participant at the time that
such offer is made.

         9.9      TERM OF AWARDS. The term of each Award shall be for such
period as may be determined by the Committee; provided, that in no event shall
the term of any Award exceed a period of ten years from the date of its grant.

         9.10     FORM OF PAYMENT UNDER AWARDS. Subject to the terms of the Plan
and any applicable Award Agreement, payments to be made by a Participating
Company upon the grant or exercise of an Award may be made in such forms as the
Committee shall determine, including without limitation, cash, Shares, other
Awards, or other property, and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in
installments, or on a deferred basis (either as determined by the Committee or,
if allowed by the Committee and pursuant to terms and conditions established by
it, at the election of a Participant). Such payments may include, without
limitation, provisions for the payment or crediting

<PAGE>
                                                                              18


of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the grant or
crediting of Dividend Equivalents in respect of installment or deferred payments
denominated in Shares.


                                    ARTICLE 10
                             BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION
                             -----------------------

         Each Optionee/Participant may, from time to time, designate a
beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) who
shall acquire the Optionee/Participant's rights under the Plan in case the
Optionee/Participant dies before exercising all of such rights. An
Optionee/Participant may designate such beneficiary or beneficiaries by giving
the Company written notice thereof in a form prescribed by or acceptable to the
Company. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the
Optionee/Participant, and such notice shall be effective only when given to the
Company during the Optionee/Participant's lifetime. In the absence of an
effective designation or if all duly designated beneficiaries predecease the
Optionee/Participant, any rights remaining unexercised at the
Optionee/Participant's death shall be exercised by his or her estate. In the
event of a Optionee/Participant's death, all actions that he or she would
otherwise be entitled to take under the Plan may be taken by his or her
beneficiary or estate, as the case may be, and all references in this Plan to
"Optionee" or "Participant" shall, under such circumstances, be deemed to
include such beneficiary or estate.


                                   ARTICLE 11
                             RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS
                             ----------------------

         No Optionee or Participant shall acquire any rights as a stockholder of
the Company hereunder unless and until, and except to the extent that, a stock
certificate representing Shares duly purchased by or awarded to such
Optionee/Participant pursuant to any Award has been issued to such
Optionee/Participant. Nothing in this Plan or any Award Agreement shall confer
upon any Optionee or Participant any right to continue in the employment of the
Participating Company Group, or to serve as a director or consultant thereof, or
interfere in any way with the right of a Participating Company to terminate his
or her employment, directorship, or consulting relationship at any time. Unless
specifically provided otherwise, no grant of an Award shall be deemed salary or
compensation for the purpose of computing benefits under any employee benefit
plan or other arrangement of a Participating Company for the benefit of its
employees unless the Participating Company shall determine otherwise. No
Optionee or Participant shall have any claim to an Award until it is actually
granted under the Plan. To the extent that any person acquires a right to
receive payments from the Company under the Plan, such right shall, except as
otherwise provided by the Committee, be no greater than the right of an
unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder
shall be paid from the general funds of the Company, and no special or separate
fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure
payment of such amounts, except as otherwise provided by the Committee.

<PAGE>
                                                                              19


                                   ARTICLE 12
           AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION; SUBSTITUTE AWARDS
           ----------------------------------------------------------

         12.1     AMENDMENT. The Committee may at any time and from time to time
amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part.

         12.2     AWARDS PREVIOUSLY GRANTED. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 12.1, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of the Plan
shall be effective to the extent it adversely affects in any material way any
Award previously granted under the Plan, unless the Optionee or Participant
holding such Award consents in writing thereto. Subject to the terms of the
Plan, the Committee may modify the form, terms and conditions of any outstanding
Award in such manner, not unfavorable to the Optionee/Participant, as the
Committee in its discretion may determine and, with respect to any
Optionee/Participant subject to foreign tax laws or regulations, the Committee
may vary the form, terms and conditions of any Award as the Committee in its
discretion may deem necessary or advisable to allow the Optionee/Participant to
qualify for favorable tax treatment under such foreign tax laws or regulations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Plan or any Award
Agreement, following a Change of Control, no changes in the Plan and no
adjustments, determinations or other exercises of discretion that are made,
pursuant to the Plan or any Award Agreement, by the Board or the Committee shall
be effective if and to the extent that they would have the effect of diminishing
the rights of any Optionee under the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement.

         12.3     SUBSTITUTE AWARDS. The Committee may, with a Participant's
consent, agree to cancel any Award under the Plan and issue a new Award in
substitution therefor upon such terms as the Committee may in its sole
discretion determine, provided that the substituted Award satisfies all
applicable Plan requirements as of the date such new Award is granted.


                                    ARTICLE 13
                                 INDEMNIFICATION
                                 ---------------

                  Any claim under the Plan shall be solely the obligation of the
Company. No member of the Board or the Committee shall be personally liable by
reason of any contract or other instrument executed by such member (or on behalf
of such member) in his or her capacity as a member of the Board or Committee or
by reason of any mistake of judgment made by him or her in good faith in such
capacity. The Company shall indemnify each employee, officer or director of the
Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or
interpretation of the Plan may be allocated or delegated and shall hold such
person harmless against any loss, liability, claim, cost or expense (including
reasonable attorneys' fees and any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the
approval of the Committee) incurred by or asserted against such person as a
result of or arising out of any act or omission to act in connection with the
Plan, unless arising out of such person's fraud or bad faith. The right of
indemnification provided for in this Article 13 shall be in addition to any
rights of indemnification to which such person may be entitled under the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, as a matter of

<PAGE>
                                                                              20


law or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify such
person or hold him or her harmless.


                                   ARTICLE 14
                           DURATION OF PLAN; APPROVAL
                           --------------------------

         This Plan shall be effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in
effect, subject to the right of the Committee to amend, modify, suspend or
terminate the Plan pursuant to Article 12, until all Shares have been issued in
accordance herewith. To the extent consistent with applicable law (including
Section 303 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) or the rules of any
exchange or quotation system on which Shares are listed, the confirmation by the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina
(Raleigh Division) of the Reorganization Plan shall be considered approval of
the Plan by the stockholders of the Company.


                                   ARTICLE 15
                                   SUCCESSORS
                                   ----------

                  All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to
Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company and
shall survive any purchase, merger, consolidation or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.


                                   ARTICLE 16
                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

         16.1     APPLICABLE LAW. THE INTERPRETATION, PERFORMANCE AND
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
DELAWARE, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICT OF LAW RULES OR
PROVISIONS (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT
WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE
OF DELAWARE.

         16.2     SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Plan or an Award
Agreement is or becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award Agreement under any law
deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed
amended to conform to applicable laws or if it cannot be construed or deemed
amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the
intent of the Plan or the Award Agreement, it shall be stricken and the
remainder of the Plan or the Award Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect.

         16.3     GENDER AND NUMBER. Except when otherwise indicated by the
context, references herein to one gender shall include the other gender, and
references herein to the singular or plural shall include the plural or
singular.

<PAGE>
                                                                              21


         16.4     HEADINGS. The headings of the Articles and Sections of the
Plan are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in
interpreting or construing the Plan.


                                *    *    *


 As made effective pursuant to Section 303 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law on February 10, 2003, in conjunction with the confirmation by the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina (Raleigh
Division) of the Plan of Reorganization of Spectrasite, Inc.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
