<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lifen-8k_031903exhibit11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>


Lifen, Inc., d/b/a Crdentia Agrees to Acquire New Age Staffing Inc.
Tuesday March 18, 6:33 pm ET

SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 18, 2003--Lifen, Inc. d/b/a Crdentia
(OTCBB:LFEN), announced today that it has agreed in principal to acquire all
of the common stock of New Age Staffing (R) Inc. ("New Age") for cash and
stock. New Age is based in Nashville TN and operates a per diem and travel
nursing company under the trade name of New Age Nurses (R).

New Age Nurses (R) is a quality focused nurse staffing company with per-diem
staffing offices in New Orleans, LA, Birmingham AL and travel nurse recruitment
offices in Denver, CO and Indianapolis IN. New Age has 20 employees and
completed its first full year of operations on December 31st 2002. Unaudited
EBITDA (earnings before taxes, depreciation and amortization) for the year 2002
was $620,000 on revenue of $5,700,000. New Age management is projecting EBITDA
of $1,200,000 on revenue of $7,600,000 for the year ending December 31, 2003.
New Age currently has over 1,300 Registered Nurses (RNs) in its database.

New Age Nurses (R) attributes its early success to a strong employment market
for medical professionals and a lack of quality focused medical staffing
agencies. New Age Nurses (R), which is operated and managed by nurses, targets
nurses with extensive experience and strong clinical skills. New Age strives
for a high degree of customer satisfaction and enjoys a strong reputation for
quality service among its customers. In part, this reputation has been earned by
providing customers with an average four hour response time to their critical
staffing needs. New Age Nurses has achieved a high level of employee retention
due to customized pay packages, flexible travel and housing arrangements,
customized medical benefit plans, and large listings of both travel and
permanent positions.

Lifen, Inc. d/b/a Crdentia seeks to capitalize on an opportunity that currently
exists in the healthcare industry by targeting the critical nursing shortage
issue. There are many small companies that are addressing the rapidly expanding
needs of the healthcare industry. Unfortunately, due to their relatively small
capitalization, they are unable to maximize their potential, obtain outside
capital or expand. By consolidating well-run small private companies into a
larger public entity, Crdentia intends to facilitate access to capital, the
acquisition of technology, and expanded distribution that, in turn, drive
internal growth.

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of
known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Statements regarding business
strategy, projections and objectives are forward-looking statements based on the
Company's experience and plans, using information currently available.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the Company's business strategy,
projections and objectives will be met. Other factors could cause actual results
to differ materially from those reflected in forward-looking statements made
from time to time in news releases, reports, proxy statements, registration
statements and other written communications, as well as oral statements made
from time to time by representatives of the Company.

Contact:

     Lifen, Inc.
     James D. Durham, 415/543-1535
     www.crdentia.com

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
