<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex105.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5 MANAGEMENT SECURITY PLAN
<TEXT>
                            MANAGEMENT SECURITY PLAN


                                       OF


                    WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



 Article                     Subject                                     Page
 -------                     -------                                     ----


    1         Definitions                                                  1

    2         Eligibility and Membership                                   2

    3         Retirement Benefit and Benefit Upon
              Separation from Service                                      2

    4         Death Benefit                                                4

    5         Beneficiary                                                  6

    6         Leave of Absence                                             6

    7         Employer Liability                                           6

    8         Termination of Employment                                    7

    9         Termination or Reduction of Participation                    7

   10         Termination, Amendment, Modification,
              or Supplement of Plan                                        8

   11         Other Benefits and Agreements                                8

   12         Restrictions on Alienation of Benefits                       9

   13         Administration of the Plan                                   9

   14         Miscellaneous                                               10

   15         Adoption of Plan by Subsidiary, Affiliated
              or Associated Companies                                     11

              Plan Agreement                                              I-1

<PAGE>

                            MANAGEMENT SECURITY PLAN
                    WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                           Purpose and Effective Date

     The purpose of the Plan is to provide specific  benefits to a limited group
of management  employees  who  contribute  materially  to the continued  growth,
development,   and  future   business  of  Winn-Dixie   Stores,   Inc.  and  its
subsidiaries.  The Plan is amended and restated hereby  effective June 30, 1982,
and is hereby further amended and restated effective May 1, 1992.

                                    Article 1

                                   Definitions

     For purposes hereof,  unless  otherwise  clearly apparent from the context,
the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings:

1.0  "Company" shall mean Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.

1.1  "Beneficiary"  shall  mean  the  person  or  persons  or  the  estate  of a
     Participant,  entitled  to receive  any  benefits  under this Plan upon the
     death of a Participant.

1.2  "Committee" shall mean the Administrative Committee appointed to manage and
     administer the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Article 13 of this
     Plan.

1.3  "Employee" shall mean any person who is in the regular full time employment
     of the Company or one of its  subsidiaries  as  determined by the personnel
     rules and  practices  of the Company or the  subsidiary.  The term does not
     include  persons  who are  retained  as  consultants  or other  independent
     contractors.

1.4  "Employer"  shall mean the  Company and any  subsidiary  having one or more
     Employees  who are  eligible  to  participate  in the Plan  and  have  been
     selected by the Committee to participate.  Where the context dictates,  the
     term "Employer" as used herein, refers to the particular Employer which has
     entered into a Plan Agreement with a specific Participant.

1.5  "Benefit  Level" shall mean that level of benefits  (Death and  Retirement)
     which is made available by the Company to the  Participant  for computation
     of Retirement  and Death  Benefits  pursuant to the terms and conditions of
     the Plan.

     "Employee's  Benefit  Level" shall mean that  portion of the Benefit  Level
     which  the  Participant  chooses  as a basis for  computation  of Death and
     Retirement Benefits pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

1.6  "Participant"  shall  mean  an  Employee  who is  selected  and  elects  to
     participate in the Plan as provided in Article 2 hereof.

1.7  "Plan" shall mean the Management Security Plan of Winn-Dixie Stores,  Inc.,
     and its  subsidiaries,  which shall be evidenced by this  instrument and by
     each Plan Agreement.

1.8  "Plan Agreement" shall mean the form of written agreement,  attached hereto
     as Annex I,  which is  entered  into  from time to time by and  between  an
     Employer and a Participant.  Each Plan Agreement  executed by a Participant

MSP/5/92                                -1-

<PAGE>

     shall provide for the entire benefit to which such  Participant is entitled
     under the Plan, and the Plan Agreement bearing the latest date shall govern
     such entitlement.

1.9  "Retirement"  and "Retire" shall mean severance  from  employment  with the
     Employer on or after the normal retirement date or, with the consent of the
     Employer, after the attainment of fifty-five (55) years of age.

1.10 "Normal  Retirement Date" shall be the first day of the month following the
     month in which the Participant attains his or her 65th birthday.

1.11 "Early Retirement Date" shall be the date of Retirement prior to the Normal
     Retirement  Date  occurring  anytime  after  the  first  day of  the  month
     following the month in which the Participant attains his or her fifty-fifth
     (55th) birthday.

                                    Article 2

                           Eligibility and Membership

2.0  The  Committee  shall have the sole  discretion  to determine the Employees
     that are eligible to become Participants in accordance with the purposes of
     the Plan.

2.1  As a  condition  of  participation,  each  Participant  so  selected  shall
     complete, execute, and return to the Committee a Plan Agreement in the form
     attached  hereto as Annex I and comply with such further  conditions as may
     be established by and in the sole discretion of the Committee.

                                    Article 3

                       Retirement Benefit and Benefit Upon
                             Separation from Service

3.0  If a  Participant  remains  an  employee  and  retires at his or her Normal
     Retirement  Date,  and if the Plan and Plan  Agreement  have  been  kept in
     force,  the Employer will pay or cause to be paid to such  Participant  the
     amount  specified  in the Plan  Agreement  as a  Retirement  Benefit.  Such
     Retirement Benefit shall be divided into two parts: Part A and Part B.

     Part A shall  consist of 75% of the total  Retirement  Benefit and shall be
     paid in equal monthly  installments  which commence on the first day of the
     month following such Retirement and continue for a total of one hundred and
     twenty (120) months.

     Part B shall  consist of 25% of the total  Retirement  Benefit and shall be
     paid in one sum when the Participant  dies subsequent to retiring,  as soon
     as practicable  after receipt of satisfactory  proof of death as determined
     acceptable by the Administrative Committee.

3.1  The Committee and only the Committee may permit a Participant to receive an
     Early  Retirement  Benefit  commencing  at any  time  after  attaining  age
     fifty-five  (55)  and  before  age  sixty-five  (65).  In such  event,  the
     Retirement  Benefit shall be determined as specified in Section 3.7. Part A
     payments shall commence on the first day of the month  following such Early
     Retirement and continue for a total of one hundred and twenty (120) months.
     Part B payments shall be made as specified in Section 3.0.

MSP/5/92                                -2-

<PAGE>

3.2  If a  Participant  who is  fifty-five  (55) years or older  shall die after
     Retirement but before the applicable  Retirement  Benefit Part A is paid in
     full, the unpaid  Retirement  Benefit payments to which such Participant is
     entitled  shall  continue  and be paid in addition to the Part B payment to
     that Participant's  Beneficiary.  Such payments shall be made in accordance
     with the  payment  schedule  applicable  to that  Participant  pursuant  to
     Section 3.0 of the Plan.

3.3  A Participant may irrevocably elect to have any Retirement Benefit due paid
     to his or her Beneficiary at the time of Participant's  death. Such Benefit
     shall be divided into Part A and Part B as provided in Section 3.0 and paid
     in accordance  with the  provisions of such  Section,  commencing  with the
     first day of the month  following the  Participant's  death (rather than at
     Retirement  as provided in Part A of Section 3.0) and subject to receipt of
     satisfactory proof of death as determined  acceptable by the Administrative
     Committee. Such election to treat Retirement Benefits shall be set forth in
     the Plan Agreement,  and the Participant  shall execute Section 3(d) of the
     Plan Agreement (Annex I).

3.4  No Death  Benefit as defined in Article 4 shall be paid to the  Beneficiary
     of a  Participant  who dies after  Retirement  but  before  the  Retirement
     Benefit is paid in full.

3.5  A  Participant  who ceases to be an Employee  before  completion of one (1)
     full  year of  participation  in the  Plan  except  as a result  of  death,
     retirement, or total disability within the meaning of Section 4.6 shall not
     be entitled to any benefits and the Employer  shall have no  obligation  to
     such Participant.

3.6  A  Participant  who  ceases  to be an  Employee  after one (1) full year of
     participation,  but before eligibility for Retirement,  except for death or
     total  disability  within the  meaning of Section  4.6 shall be entitled to
     receive a termination  benefit.  Said benefit shall be a reduced Retirement
     Benefit calculated in accordance with Section 3.7 and divided in accordance
     with Section 3.0.  Part A payments  shall  commence on what would have been
     the former  Participant's  Normal Retirement Date. Part B payments shall be
     made as specified in Section 3.0. If the former  Participant's death occurs
     before  attaining age sixty-five (65), Part A Benefits will commence and be
     paid to the  Participant's  Beneficiary  for one hundred  and twenty  (120)
     months, and Part B Benefits will be paid in one sum.

3.7  The total reduced  Retirement  Benefit in the event of an Early  Retirement
     described in Section 3.1, or a  termination  described in Section 3.6 shall
     be the amount of the  Retirement  Benefit  set forth in the Plan  Agreement
     multiplied  by a fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the number of whole
     years of  participation  in the Plan  and the  denominator  of which is the
     number of years from  Participant's  age at entry into the Plan to the year
     in which  Participant  attains age sixty-five (65). If increased amounts of
     participation have been added since initial entry into this, successor,  or
     predecessor  Plans,  the reduced benefit as a result of Early Retirement or
     termination shall be determined by reducing each increment of participation
     in accordance with the formula.

3.8  If a Participant elects to continue employment beyond the Normal Retirement
     Date,  the Committee,  and only the  Committee,  will specify the amount of
     Participant's  Retirement  Benefit,  which shall be evidenced by a new Plan
     Agreement to be executed by the Participant.

MSP/5/92                                -3-


<PAGE>

                                    Article 4

                                  Death Benefit

4.0  If a Participant  dies before  Retirement  and the Plan is in effect at the
     time,  the  Employer  will pay or cause to be paid a Death  Benefit to such
     Participant's Beneficiary.  The said Death Benefit shall be the full amount
     of one hundred percent (100%) of the Employee's  Benefit Level as set forth
     in the Plan Agreement for the first twelve (12) months after such death and
     fifty percent (50%) of the said  Employee's  Benefit Level for the next one
     hundred  and eight  (108)  months,  or until  the  Participant  would  have
     attained age  sixty-five  (65)  whichever  is later.  Such  payments  shall
     commence effective the first day of the month following the date of death.

4.1  The obligation of the Employer to pay the Death Benefit shall exist only if


     (a)  at the time of death, the Participant was an active  Employee,  or was
          totally  disabled as defined in Section 4.6 or on an authorized  leave
          of absence,

     (b)  the Participant made all payments required by Sections 4.2 through 4.5
          unless any unpaid amounts were being waived as a result of disability,

     (c)  the Plan Agreement had been kept in force until the time of death,

     (d)  the  Participant's  death was not a result of suicide within two years
          after the date of the original Plan Agreement,  or within two years of
          the date of any  subsequent  Plan  Agreement  which is the  result  of
          additional  benefits  granted  because of an  increase  in  Employee's
          Benefit Level,  but the amount of the Death Benefit which the Employer
          shall not be  obligated  to pay shall be limited to  benefits  granted
          within two years prior to the date of such suicide,

     (e)  the  Participant's  death  was  determined  not to be from a bodily or
          mental cause or causes,  the information about which was withheld,  or
          knowingly  concealed,  or falsely  provided by the  Participant,  when
          requested by the Employer to furnish  evidence of good health upon the
          Participant's  enrolling  in the  Management  Security  Plan  for  any
          increments of the Employee's Benefit Level, and

     (f)  proof  of  death  in  such  form  as  determined   acceptable  by  the
          Administrative Committee is furnished.

4.2  Each  Participant  shall pay to the Employer a portion of the cost of Death
     Benefit protection.  The amount and time of such payment shall be stated in
     the Plan Agreement and is dependent  upon the size of the benefits  therein
     specified, the Participant's age and Employee's Benefit Level.

4.3  Any increases in the  Employee's  Benefit Level and amounts to be paid as a
     result thereof shall be evidenced by the Plan Agreement.

4.4  The Participant's obligation to make the aforesaid payments shall

     (a)  be stated in the Plan Agreement,

MSP/5/92                                -4-

<PAGE>

     (b)  commence on the date specified in the Plan Agreement,

     (c)  continue  thereafter  during  the  term  of  participation  except  as
          otherwise provided in Sections 4.6(c),  4.6(d), and 4.6(g),  until the
          Participant's death, retirement,  other termination of employment,  or
          no longer required by the Committee, whichever first occurs.

4.5  A Participant  may,  with the consent of his or her  Employer,  increase or
     decrease the amount of the benefits initially selected by him or her, which
     increase or decrease shall be reflected in the Plan Agreement in accordance
     with the rules adopted by the Committee for this purpose.  The amount to be
     paid  by a  Participant  may be  increased  by  the  Committee  to  reflect
     increases in the Employee's Benefit Level.

4.6  Payments by a Participant  pursuant to Section 4.2 through 4.5 and the Plan
     Agreement  shall  be  made  in the  following  manner  and  subject  to the
     following terms and conditions:

     (a)  A Participant  shall  authorize the Employer in the Plan  Agreement to
          deduct  and retain a monthly  payment  from the  Participant's  salary
          equal to the amount of the Participant's contribution.

     (b)  The amount  retained by the Employer  shall be and become the property
          of that  Employer  without  obligation to use the same in any specific
          manner and with no right of the  Participant to  reimbursement  at any
          time.

     (c)  A Participant  who, prior to Retirement,  is totally disabled for more
          than three (3) months  shall not be required  to make any  payments as
          provided in Section 4.2  through 4.5 of this Plan  beginning  with the
          fourth month following the date such total  disability  occurs and for
          as long as such  disability  continues  subject to the  provisions  of
          Section 4.6(d).

     (d)  The Employer will be obligated to waive payments of a totally disabled
          Participant only if

          (i)  the  Participant's  disability  was  not  caused  by  illegal  or
               criminal  acts  of  the  Participant  or  was  not  intentionally
               self-inflicted, and

          (ii) the  Participant  has made all payments  required by the Plan and
               Plan Agreement, and

          (iii) the Participant's Plan Agreement was in force.

          If all  provisions  of Article 4.6 (d) are met, the  Employer  will be
          obligated  to waive  payments  of a totally  disabled  Participant  on
          authorized leave of absence at the time such disability occurred.

     (e)  If a  Participant  dies prior to Retirement  while such  Participant's
          payments are being waived,  the Death Benefit  provided in Article 4.0
          shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of that Article.

MSP/5/92                                -5-

<PAGE>

     (f)  If a Participant  retires after  attaining age  fifty-five  (55) while
          such  Participant's  payments are being waived, the Retirement Benefit
          provided in Article 3 shall be paid in accordance  with the provisions
          of that Article.

     (g)  The determination of what constitutes total disability and the removal
          thereof for purposes of this Article,  shall be made by the Committee,
          in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be conclusive.

                                    Article 5

                                   Beneficiary

5.0  A Participant  shall designate his or her  Beneficiary to receive  benefits
     under the Plan by completing the  appropriate  space in the Plan Agreement.
     If more than one  Beneficiary  is named,  the shares and preference of each
     shall be indicated.

5.1  Unless a  Participant  has  previously  named an  irrevocable  Beneficiary,
     Participant shall have the right to change the Beneficiary by submitting to
     the  Committee  a Change of  Beneficiary  in the form  attached  as Annex 2
     hereof.

5.2  No Change of Beneficiary  shall be effective until  acknowledged in writing
     by the Committee.

5.3  If the  Employer  has any doubt as to the  proper  Beneficiary  to  receive
     payments  pursuant to this Plan,  it shall have the right to withhold  such
     payments until the matter is finally adjudicated.

5.4  Any payment made by the Employer in accordance with this Plan in good faith
     shall  fully  discharge  the  Employer  from all further  obligations  with
     respect to such payment.

                                    Article 6

                                Leave of Absence

6.0  If a  Participant  is  authorized  by the Employer for any reason to take a
     leave of absence from  employment,  such  Participant  shall be required to
     continue  to make  all  monthly  payments  in order  to  maintain  the Plan
     Agreement in force except as provided in Article 4.6(c) and 4.6(d).

6.1  Failure to make any such payment shall cause a Plan  Agreement to terminate
     without the  necessity of any notice from either  party to the other.  From
     and after such termination, neither party shall have any further obligation
     to the other party under the Plan or Plan Agreement.

                                    Article 7

                               Employer Liability

7.0  Amounts  payable to a Participant  shall be paid from the general assets of
     the Employer exclusively.

7.1  No person entitled to any payment shall have any claim, right,  security or
     other interest in any asset of the Employer.

MSP/5/92                                -6-

<PAGE>

7.2  The  Employer's  liability  for the payment of benefits  shall be evidenced
     only by this Plan and each Plan Agreement entered into between the Employer
     and a Participant.

7.3  The Employer shall require that an Employee satisfy evidence of good health
     prior to  becoming a  Participant  or when  enrolling  for any  increase in
     Employee's Benefit Level. The Employee agrees to cooperate by

     (a)  furnishing such information as the Employer may require, including but
          not  limited to  reports  of  physical  examinations  of any  previous
          employer,

     (b)  taking such  additional  physical  examinations as may be requested by
          the Employer, and

     (c)  doing any other act which may be requested by the Employer.

7.4  If the Employee does not cooperate in the completion of such  requirements,
     the Employer  shall have no further  obligation  to the Employee  under the
     Plan except as to any benefits previously granted.

7.5  The  Employer  shall  have no  obligation  of any  nature  whatsoever  to a
     Participant  under  the  Plan  and  Plan  Agreement,  except  as  otherwise
     specifically   provided  in  the  Plan,  if  the  Participant's  death  was
     determined to be from a bodily or mental cause or causes,  the  information
     about which was withheld,  or knowingly  concealed,  or falsely provided by
     the Participant, when requested by the Employer to furnish evidence of good
     health upon the Participant's enrolling in the Management Security Plan for
     any increments of the Employee's Benefit Level.

                                    Article 8

                            Termination of Employment

     Neither the Plan nor the Plan  Agreement,  either  singly or  collectively,
obligate the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to continue the employment
of the  Participant  or limits the right of a Company or  subsidiary at any time
and for any reason to terminate a  Participant's  employment.  Termination  of a
Participant's  employment  with the  Company  and  subsidiaries  for any reason,
whether by action of the Company,  Subsidiary or Participant,  shall immediately
terminate  Participant's  participation  in the Plan and Plan  Agreement and all
further  obligations of either party to the other,  except as may be provided in
Section 3.6. In no event shall the Plan or the Plan Agreement,  either singly or
collectively,  by their terms or implications  constitute an employment contract
of  any  nature  whatsoever   between  the  Company  or  any  subsidiary  and  a
Participant.

                                    Article 9

                    Termination or Reduction of Participation

9.0  A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan and Plan Agreement at
     any time by giving the Employer written notice of such termination not less
     than 30 days prior to the anniversary  date of the date of execution of the
     most recently executed Plan Agreement attached as Annex I.

9.1  Participants  who  elect to  terminate  participation  in the Plan and Plan
     Agreement after one (1) full year of participation  but before  eligibility
     for Retirement  will be entitled to the same benefits as a Participant  who
     ceases to be an Employee as  described in Section  3.6.  Such  Participants

MSP/5/92                                -7-

<PAGE>

     will not be entitled to a Death Benefit defined in Section 4.0.

9.2  Participants  who cease to own the full number of shares of Common Stock of
     the Company required to qualify for  participation in the Plan or who cease
     to hold a position qualifying for the limited group of management employees
     to which the Plan applies  shall,  effective as of the date of such change,
     have their Benefits adjusted pursuant to Section 3.6.

     A Participant  who continues to qualify at and elects to  participate  at a
     reduced Benefit Level may do so. Such participation shall be at the reduced
     Benefit  Level  without  regard to his or her previous  participation.  For
     purposes of  determining  reduced  benefits as  described in Section 3.7 as
     such shall apply to the reduced Benefit Level,  Participant's  date and age
     of entry shall be those as of the effective date of reduced Benefit Level.

9.3  The  Company  and each  Employer,  subject to  approval  of the  Committee,
     reserves the right to delay or modify  application  of Section 9.2 above as
     to a particular  Participant  as determined to be in the best  interests of
     the Company and Employer.

                                   Article 10

           Termination, Amendment, Modification or Supplement of Plan

10.0 The Company reserves the right to terminate this Plan.

10.1 The Company  reserves  the right to totally or partially  amend,  modify or
     supplement this Plan at any time.

10.2 The Company and each  Employer  reserves  the right to  terminate  the Plan
     Agreement of any Employee.

10.3 The right to terminate,  amend,  modify or supplement the Plan or terminate
     any Plan Agreement  shall be exercised for the Company or other Employer by
     the Committee.

10.4 No action to terminate,  amend,  modify or supplement the Plan or terminate
     any Plan  Agreement  shall be taken  except  upon  written  notice  to each
     Participant  to be  affected  thereby  not less than 30 days  prior to such
     action.

10.5 The  Committee  shall  take  no  action  to  terminate  the  Plan or a Plan
     Agreement with respect to a Participant or Participant's  Beneficiary after
     entitlement to any benefits pursuant to Article 3 or Article 4 of this Plan
     has occurred.

10.6 Upon the  termination  of this Plan or any Plan  Agreement  by  either  the
     Committee or a  Participant  in  accordance  with any  provisions  for such
     termination,  neither  the  Plan  nor the  Plan  Agreement  shall be of any
     further  force and effect and no party  shall have any  further  obligation
     under either this Plan or Plan  Agreement so  terminated,  except as may be
     provided in Section 3.6 hereof.

                                   Article 11

                          Other Benefits and Agreements

     The benefit provided for a Participant and Participant's  Beneficiary under
the Plan are in addition to any other  benefits  available  to such  Participant
under any other plan or program for  employees of the Company or other  Employer

MSP/5/92                                -8-

<PAGE>

and the Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other
plan or program  except as may otherwise be expressly  provided.  Benefits under
the Plan shall not be  considered  compensation  for the  purpose  of  computing
contributions or benefits under any plan maintained by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  which is  qualified  under  Section  401(a) and  501(a),  Internal
Revenue Code of 1954, as amended.

                                   Article 12

                     Restrictions on Alienation of Benefits

     No right or benefit under the Plan or a Plan Agreement  shall be subject to
anticipation,  alienation, sale, assignment,  pledge, encumbrance or change, and
any attempt to anticipate,  alienate,  sell, assign, pledge,  encumber or change
the same  shall be void.  No right or benefit  hereunder  shall in any manner be
liable  for or  subject to the  debts,  contract,  liabilities,  or torts of the
person entitled to such benefit.

                                   Article 13

                           Administration of the Plan

13.0 The sole right of construction,  interpretation and general  administration
     of the Plan shall be vested in the Committee.  The number of members of the
     Committee  shall be designated and appointed from time to time by and shall
     serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of the Company.

13.1 The Board of Directors of The Company shall designate one of the members of
     the  Committee as Chairman and shall  appoint a Secretary who need not be a
     member  of  the  Committee.   The  Secretary  shall  keep  minutes  of  the
     Committee's proceedings and all data, records and documents relating to the
     Committee's  administration of the Plan. The Committee may appoint from its
     number such subcommittees with such powers as the Committee shall determine
     and may  authorize  one or more  members of the  Committee  or any agent to
     execute  or deliver  any  instrument  or make any  payment on behalf of the
     Committee.

13.2 The Committee may act or adopt  Resolutions with or without a meeting.  Any
     action taken or  resolution  adopted  without a meeting  shall  require the
     written consent of all duly appointed and acting members.  Any action taken
     or resolution  adopted  without a meeting shall require  written consent of
     all duly  appointed  and acting  members.  Any action  taken or  resolution
     adopted at a meeting of the Committee shall require  approval of a majority
     of a quorum. A quorum shall consist of a majority of the duly appointed and
     acting members.

13.3 The  Committee  shall  establish  rules,   forms  and  procedures  for  the
     administration  of the Plan from time to time. The Committee shall have the
     exclusive  right to  interpret  the Plan and to decide any and all  matters
     arising thereunder or in connection with the administration of the Plan.

13.4 The Committee shall have the exclusive right to determine

         (a) disability in respect to a Participant, and

         (b) the degree thereof.

13.5 The members of the  Committee and the officers and directors of the Company
     shall be entitled to rely on all  certificates and reports made by any duly
     appointed accountants and on all opinions given by any duly appointed legal

MSP/5/92                                -9-

<PAGE>

     counsel. Such legal counsel may be counsel for the Company.

13.6 No member of the  Committee  shall be liable for any act or omission of any
     other member of the Committee, nor for any act or omission on his own part,
     excepting only his own willful misconduct. The Employer shall indemnify and
     save harmless each member of the Committee against any and all expenses and
     liabilities arising out of his membership on the Committee,  excepting only
     expenses  and  liabilities  arising  out of  his  own  willful  misconduct.
     Expenses  against which a member of the Committee  shall be so indemnified,
     shall include, without limitation, the amount of any settlement or judgment
     costs,  counsel fees and related charges reasonably  incurred in connection
     with a claim asserted or a proceeding  brought or settlement  thereof.  The
     foregoing right of indemnification shall be in addition to any other rights
     to which any such member may be entitled as a matter of law.

13.7 The  Committee  shall have the power to compute,  certify and authorize all
     disbursements  of the amount and kind of benefits  payable to  Participants
     and their Beneficiaries under the Plan.

13.8 The  Company  and  each  other   Employer  shall  supply  full  and  timely
     information to the Committee on all matters  relating to the  compensation,
     retirement,  death or other  termination of employment of all Participants,
     and such other pertinent facts as the Committee may require.

                                   Article 14

                                  Miscellaneous

14.0 Any notice  which  shall or may be given  under the Plan or Plan  Agreement
     shall be in  writing  and shall be mailed by United  States  Mail,  postage
     prepaid.  If  notice is to be given to the  Company  or an  Employer,  such
     notice shall be addressed to the Company at its general offices:

                             WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC.
                               5050 Edgewood Court
                                Post Office Box B
                           Jacksonville, Florida 32203

     marked  for  the  attention  of the  Secretary,  Administrative  Committee,
     Management  Security Plan; or if notice to a Participant,  addressed to the
     address shown on such Participant's Plan Agreement.

14.1 Any party may change the address to which notices shall be mailed from time
     to time by giving written notice of such new address.

14.2 The Plan shall be binding  upon the  Company  and each  Employer  and their
     respective successors and assigns, and upon a Participant, his Beneficiary,
     assigns, heirs, executors and administrators.

14.3 The Plan and Plan  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed  under the
     laws of the State of Delaware.

14.4 Masculine  pronouns  wherever used shall include feminine  pronouns and the
     singular shall include the plural.

MSP/5/92                                -10-


<PAGE>

                                   Article 15

                         Adoption of Plan by Subsidiary,
                       Affiliated or Associated Companies

     Any corporation which is a subsidiary of the Company may, with the approval
of the  Committee,  adopt this Plan and thereby  come within the  definition  of
Employer stated in Article 1 hereof.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
