<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d03206exv10w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT-C KEITH CARGILL
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6

                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into by and between Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company"),
having a business address at 2100 McKinney, Suite 900, Dallas, Texas 75201 and
C. Keith Cargill ("Executive") having a mailing address at 1204 Bowie Court,
Southlake, Texas 76092.

                                    RECITALS

         The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") has
determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to retain the
Executive's services and to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and
dedication of members of the Company's management, including the Executive, to
their assigned duties without distraction in potentially disturbing
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in the control of the
Company or the assertion of claims and actions against employees.

         The Company wishes to assure itself of the services of the Executive
for the period provided in this Agreement and the Executive wishes to serve in
the employ of the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter provided.

                                    AGREEMENT

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants herein contained, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as
follows:

         1. EMPLOYMENT. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained
in this Agreement, the Executive agrees to provide full-time services for the
Company during the Employment Term. The Executive agrees to devote his best
efforts to the business of the Company, and shall perform his duties in a
diligent, trustworthy, and business-like manner, all for the purpose of
advancing the business of the Company. The Executive agrees to devote his entire
business time, attention, skill and energy exclusively to the business of the
Company. The Executive is encouraged to engage in appropriate civic, charitable
or religious activities and devote a reasonable amount of time to private
investments or boards or other activities provided that such activities do not
interfere or conflict with the Executive's responsibilities and are not and are
not likely to be contrary to the Company's interests.

         2. DUTIES. The duties of the Executive shall be those duties which can
reasonably be expected to be performed by a person with the title of Executive
Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of Texas Capital Bank, N.A. and such
other duties as shall be set forth as Attachment A hereto. The Executive will
comply with the lawful policies and standards that the Company may establish or
modify from time to time.

         3. EMPLOYMENT TERM. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the
Company agrees to employ the Executive for a term commencing on August 1, 2002
(the "Effective Date")


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     1
<PAGE>

and continuing through August 1, 2004 (the "Employment Term"), unless otherwise
set forth herein or renewed with the written agreement of both parties hereto
before the expiration hereof.

         4. SALARY AND BENEFITS.

                  (a) Base Salary. The Company shall, during the Employment
         Term, pay the Executive a base salary of at least $200,000 per year,
         payable in accordance with the Company's regular payroll practice in
         effect from time to time, less applicable withholding and payroll
         deductions. The Company agrees to consider increasing such base salary
         at least annually during the Employment Term, but shall not be
         obligated to effectuate such an increase.

                  (b) Bonus. During the Employment Term, the Executive will be
         included in the Executive Bonus Plan adopted and revised from time to
         time by the Board of Directors.

                  (c) Equity Compensation. Concurrently with the execution of
         this Agreement, the Executive shall receive a restricted stock award
         under the Company's 1999 Omnibus Stock Plan upon the terms and
         conditions set forth in Attachment B to this Agreement, which is hereby
         incorporated herein by reference. During the Employment Term, the
         Executive will be eligible to receive, at the discretion of the Board
         of Directors, grants of stock options under the Plan.

                  (d) Employee Benefits and Perquisites. The Executive shall be
         entitled to participate in the employee benefit programs and receive
         other perquisites generally available to employees of the Company
         holding positions similar to the Executive.

         5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. The Board of Directors of the Company or
the Executive may terminate the employment of the Executive at any time subject
to the provisions of this Section 5.

                  (a) Voluntary Resignation or Termination for Cause. If the
         Executive shall voluntarily terminate his employment for other than
         Good Reason, or if the Company shall terminate the employment of the
         Executive for Cause, the Employment Term shall terminate immediately
         and the Company shall have no further obligation to make any payment
         under this Agreement which has not already become payable, but has not
         yet been paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any stock
         options or other plans or programs in which the Executive is
         participating at the time of termination of his employment, the
         Executive's rights and benefits under each such plan shall be
         determined in accordance with the terms, conditions, and limitations of
         the plan and any separate agreement executed by the Executive which may
         then be in effect.

         For the purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have "Cause" to
         terminate the Executive's employment hereunder upon (i) the continued
         failure by the Executive after notice to perform his duties with the
         Company (other than any such failure resulting from death or incapacity
         due to physical or mental illness), (ii) a conviction of, or a plea of
         "guilty" or "no contest" to, a felony or a crime involving dishonesty
         or a breach of trust,


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     2
<PAGE>

         (iii) an act or omission that constitutes gross misconduct or moral
         turpitude, or (iv) a breach of any duty owed to the Company, including
         but not limited to the duties of loyalty and confidentiality that is
         injurious to the Company.

                  (b) Termination Without Cause; Resignation for Good Reason. If
         during the term of this Agreement, the Executive's employment is
         terminated by the Company without Cause or the Executive voluntarily
         terminates his employment for Good Reason, and the Executive executes a
         Release of any and all claims relating to or arising from his
         employment that he may have against the Company Group (as defined in
         Section 7 below) or any officer, director, agent, or employee of any
         entity that is part of the Company Group based on any act or omission
         through the date Executive's employment terminates ("Date of
         Termination"):

                           (i) The Company shall increase the annual
                  compensation of the Executive to the "adjusted compensation"
                  as defined herein and shall continue to pay such adjusted
                  compensation through the end of the Employment Term; provided,
                  however, if at such time there is less than one year remaining
                  in the Employment Term, the Company shall continue to pay
                  Executive the adjusted compensation for at least one year in
                  such event.

                           (ii) The Company shall maintain in full force and
                  effect for the continued benefit of the Executive, for a one
                  year period after the Date of Termination, all health
                  insurance benefits provided that his continued participation
                  is possible under the general terms and provisions of such
                  health insurance plans and programs.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean:

                           (A) Without his express written consent, the
                  assignment of Executive to a position organizationally or
                  functionally inferior to his position with the Company on the
                  date of this Agreement;

                           (B) A reduction by the Company in the Executive's
                  base salary as in effect on the date hereof, unless such
                  reduction is a proportionate reduction of the compensation of
                  the Executive and all other senior officers of the Company as
                  a part of a Company-wide effort to enhance the financial
                  condition of the Company;

                           (C) The Company's requiring the Executive to be based
                  anywhere other than the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex, except
                  for required travel on the Company's business;

                           (D) The failure by the Company to continue to allow
                  Executive to be eligible to participate in any stock option
                  plan in which the Executive is participating (or plans
                  providing substantially similar benefits) without the
                  Executive's consent.


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     3
<PAGE>


                  For purposes of this Agreement, "adjusted compensation" shall
                  mean the annual base salary of Executive then in effect, plus
                  the bonus paid to Executive for the preceding calendar year,
                  multiplied by 150%.

                  (c) Death or Disability. The Company may terminate the
         Executive's employment upon the death or Disability of the Executive.
         As used herein, "Disability" means an illness or other disability which
         prevents the Executive from discharging his responsibilities under this
         Agreement for a period of 180 calendar days during any calendar year
         during the Employment Term, as determined in good faith by the Board of
         Directors. If the Company terminates the Executive's employment upon
         the death or Disability of the Executive, the Company shall continue to
         pay the Executive the base salary that would have been due through the
         first anniversary of the Date of Termination.

                  (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination of this Agreement
         by the Company for Cause, without Cause or as a result of the
         Executive's Disability, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be
         communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given
         in accordance with this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a
         "Notice of Termination" means a written notice which (i) indicates the
         specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) sets
         forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
         provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the
         provision so indicated and (iii) specifies the Date of Termination, if
         such date is other than the date of receipt of such notice.

         6. CHANGE IN CONTROL.

                  (a) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" of
         the Company shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as:

                           (i) any "person" (as the term is used in Sections
                  13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the
                  "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
                  Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of voting securities of
                  the Company representing 25% or more of the Company's
                  outstanding voting securities or rights to acquire such
                  securities except for any voting securities issued or
                  purchased under any employee benefit plan of the Company or
                  its Subsidiaries; or

                           (ii) individuals who constitute the Board of
                  Directors on the date hereof (the "Incumbent Board") cease for
                  any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided
                  that any person becoming a director subsequent to the date
                  hereof whose election was approved by a vote of at least
                  three-quarters of the directors comprising the Incumbent
                  Board, or whose nomination for election by the Company's
                  stockholders was approved by a Nominating Committee solely
                  composed of members which are Incumbent Board members, shall
                  be, for purposes of this clause (ii), considered as though he
                  were a member of the Incumbent Board; or


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     4
<PAGE>

                           (iii) a plan of reorganization, merger,
                  consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets
                  of the Company or similar transaction occurs or is effectuated
                  in which the Company is not the resulting entity; provided,
                  however, that such an event listed above will be deemed to
                  have occurred or to have been effectuated upon receipt of all
                  required regulatory approvals not including the lapse of any
                  required waiting periods; or

                           (iv) the Board of Directors determines in its sole
                  discretion that a Change in Control has occurred.

                  (b) If, during the Employment Term, a Change in Control
         occurs, then (i) the Executive shall be entitled to the benefits
         provided in paragraphs (c) and (d) of this Section 6 upon (I) the
         termination of the Executive's employment by the Company without
         Cause after the occurrence of such Change of Control, or (II) the
         termination of the Executive's employment by the Executive for Good
         Reason after the occurrence of such Change of Control; and (ii) the
         Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in paragraph (e)
         of this Section 6.

                  (c) Upon the Executive's entitlement to benefits pursuant to
         Section 6(b), the Company shall pay Executive, as liquidated damages in
         place of any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under Section
         5, a single lump sum equal to (i) the Executive's Annual Compensation
         during the most recently completed fiscal year multiplied by (ii) 2.67.
         As used herein, "Annual Compensation" shall include Base Salary and any
         bonuses paid to the Executive with respect to any such year. Such
         payment shall be made in a lump sum no later than 30 days after the
         Date of Termination. Such payments shall not be reduced in the event
         Executive obtains other employment following termination of employment.

                  (d) Upon the Executive's entitlement to benefits pursuant to
         Section 6(b), the Company will cause to be continued life, medical and
         dental coverage substantially equivalent to the coverage maintained by
         the Company for Executive prior to his severance at no premium cost to
         Executive. Such coverage and payments shall cease upon the earliest of
         (i) the expiration of 60 months following the Date of Termination, (ii)
         the date upon which the Executive obtains other employment which
         provides similar coverage, or (iii) the date upon which Executive
         qualifies for Medicare benefits under federal law.

                  (e) Upon the Executive's entitlement to benefits pursuant to
         Section 6(b)(ii), the Change of Control vesting provisions of the
         Executive's restricted stock award, which are described in Attachment B
         to this Agreement, shall apply.

                  (f) If a Change in Control occurs after the end of the
         Employment Term and prior to the date the Executive's restricted stock
         units granted under Section 5(c) have vested, then (i) if the
         Executive's employment is terminated after such Change of Control for:
         (I) death or disability, (II) by the Company without Cause, or (III) by
         the Executive with Good Reason, then the Executive shall be paid a
         single lump sum equal to (A) the Executive's Annual Compensation during
         the most recently completed fiscal year


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     5
<PAGE>

         multiplied by (B) 2.67; and (ii) the Change of Control vesting
         provisions of the Executive's restricted stock award, which are
         described in Attachment B to this Agreement, shall apply. The payment
         under the preceding sentence shall be made in a single lump sum no
         later than 30 days after the Date of Termination and shall not be
         reduced in the event the Executive obtains other employment following
         termination of employment.

                  (g) If a Change of Control occurs prior to the earlier of (i)
         August 1, 2004, or (ii) 15 months following the consummation of an
         initial public offering of the Company's common stock, the No
         Competition provision of Section 12 and the No Tampering provision of
         Section 13 shall apply during the 12-month period commencing on the
         earlier of (i) August 1, 2004, or (ii) 15 months following the
         consummation of an initial public offering of the Company's common
         stock. The Executive and the Company hereby agree that the benefits
         provided pursuant to Sections 6(c), 6(d) and 6(e) above are
         compensation for the extension of these No Competition and No Tampering
         provisions of this Agreement.

                  (h) If a Change of Control occurs after the earlier of (i)
         August 1, 2004, or (ii) 15 months following the consummation of an
         initial public offering of the Company's common stock, and prior to the
         date all of the Executive's restricted stock units granted under
         Section 5(c) have vested, the No Competition provision of Section 12
         and the No Tampering provision of Section 13 shall apply during the
         12-month period commencing on the earlier of (i) August 1, 2004, or
         (ii) 15 months following the consummation of an initial public offering
         of the Company's common stock. The Executive and the Company hereby
         agree that the benefits provided pursuant to Sections 6(f), above are
         compensation for the extension of these No Competition and No Tampering
         provisions of this Agreement..

                  (i) Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, in
         the event that:

                           (i) the aggregate payments or benefits to be made or
                  afforded to the Executive, which are deemed to be parachute
                  payments as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue
                  Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or any successor
                  thereof, (the "Termination Benefits") would be deemed to
                  include an "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of
                  the Code; and

                           (ii) if such Termination Benefits were reduced to an
                  amount (the "Non-Triggering Amount"), the value of which is
                  one dollar ($1.00) less than an amount equal to three (3)
                  times Executive's "base amount," as determined in accordance
                  with Section 280G and the Non-Triggering Amount less the
                  product of the marginal rate of any applicable state and
                  federal income tax and the Non-Triggering Amount would be
                  greater than the aggregate value of the Termination Benefits
                  (without such reduction) minus (a) the amount of tax required
                  to be paid by the Executive thereon by Section 4999 of the
                  Code and further minus (b) the product of the Termination
                  Benefits and the marginal rate of any applicable state and
                  federal income tax, then the Termination Benefits shall be
                  reduced to the Non-


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     6
<PAGE>

                  Triggering Amount. The allocation of the reduction required
                  hereby among the Termination Benefits shall be determined by
                  the Executive.

         7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Executive recognizes and acknowledges
that he will have access to certain information of members of the Company Group
(as defined below) and that such information is confidential and constitutes
valuable, special and unique property of such members of the Company Group. The
Executive shall not at any time, either during or subsequent to the Employment
Term, disclose to others, use, copy or permit to be copied, except in pursuance
of his duties for and on behalf of the Company, its successors, assigns or
nominees, any Confidential Information of any member of the Company Group
(regardless of whether developed by the Executive) without the prior written
consent of the Company or as required by law.

         As used herein, "Company Group" means the Company and any entity that
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under the common
control with, the Company, and for the purposes of this definition "control"
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether though the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

         The term "Confidential Information" with respect to the Company means
any secret or confidential information or know-how and shall include, but shall
not be limited to, the plans, customers, costs, prices, uses, and application of
products and services, results of investigations, studies or experiments owned
or used by the Company, and all apparatus, products, processes, compositions,
samples, formulas, computer programs, computer hardware designs, computer
firmware designs, and servicing, marketing or manufacturing methods and
techniques at any time used, developed, investigated, made or sold by the
Company, before or during the Employment Term, that are not readily available to
the public or that are maintained as confidential by the Company. The Executive
shall maintain in confidence any Confidential Information of third parties
received as a result of his employment with the Company in accordance with the
Company's obligations to such third parties and the policies established by the
Company.

         8. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS UPON TERMINATION. The Executive shall deliver
to the Company or its designee at the termination of his employment all
correspondence, memoranda, notes, records, drawings, sketches, plans, customer
lists, product compositions, and other documents and all copies thereof, made,
composed or received by the Executive, solely or jointly with others, that are
in the Executive's possession, custody, or control at termination and that are
related in any manner to the past, present, or anticipated business of any
member of the Company Group. In this regard, the Executive hereby grants and
conveys to the Company all right, title and interest in and to, including
without limitation, the right to possess, print, copy, and sell or otherwise
dispose of, any reports, records, papers, summaries, photographs, drawings or
other documents, and writings, and copies, abstracts or summaries thereof, that
may be prepared by the Executive or under his direction or that may come into
his possession in any way during the term of his employment with the Company
that relate in any manner to the past, present or anticipated business of any
member of the Company Group.


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     7
<PAGE>


         9. DISCLOSURE AND RECEIPT OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. The Executive
shall not, at any time during his employment, knowingly receive from persons not
employed by the Company, any Confidential Information, as described above, not
belonging to the Company, unless a valid agreement is authorized by the Company
and is signed by both the Company and by the disclosing party. The Executive
shall not use or disclose to other employees of the Company, during his
employment with Company, Confidential Information belonging to his former
employers, former business associates, or any other third parties unless written
permission has been given by such third parties to the Company and accepted by
the Company to allow the Company to use and/or disclose such information. The
Executive shall defend and indemnify the Company Group for any breach of the
covenant contained in the preceding sentence.

         10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The Executive shall hold in trust for the
benefit of the Company, and shall disclose promptly and fully to the Company in
writing, and hereby assigns, and binds his heirs, executors, and administrators
to assign, to the Company any and all inventions, discoveries, ideas, concepts,
improvements, copyrightable works, and other developments (the "Developments")
conceived, made, discovered or developed by him, solely or jointly with others,
during the term of his employment by the Company, whether during or outside of
usual working hours and whether on the Company's premises or not, that relate in
any manner to the past, present or anticipated business of any member of the
Company Group. All works of authorship created by the Executive during the
Employment Term and any extension hereof, solely or jointly with others, shall
be considered works made for hire under the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended,
and shall be owned entirely by the Company. Any and all such Developments shall
be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, whether patentable,
copyrightable, or neither, and the Executive shall assist and fully cooperate in
every way, at the Company's expense, in securing, maintaining, and enforcing,
for the benefit of the Company or its designee, patents, copyrights or other
types of proprietary or intellectual property protection for such Developments
in any and all countries.

         11. FURTHER ACTS. At the request of the Company (but without additional
compensation from the Company during his employment by the Company) the
Executive shall execute any and all papers and perform all lawful acts that the
Company may deem necessary or appropriate to further evidence or carry out the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement including, without limitation, such
acts as may be necessary for the preparation, filing, prosecution, and
maintenance of applications for United States letters patent and foreign letters
patent, or for United States and foreign copyright, on the Developments.

         12. NO COMPETITION. Until August 1, 2004, or until 15 months following
the consummation of an initial public offering of the Company's common stock,
whichever first occurs, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly engage in
the business of operating a state or national bank or company providing similar
services, or any other business in which any member of the Company Group
directly or indirectly engages during the Employment Term; provided, however,
that the restriction in this Section 12 shall apply only to the reasonable and
limited geographic area consisting of any state where any member of the Company
Group has an office, bank location or place of business, and Texas and any state
that has a contiguous border with the State of Texas. For purposes of this
Section 12, the Executive shall be deemed to engage in such a business if he
directly or indirectly, engages or invests in, owns, manages, operates, controls
or

Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     8
<PAGE>


participates in the ownership, management, operation or control of, is employed
by, associated or in any manner connected with, or renders services or advice
to, any business engaged in operating a state or national bank or other company
providing similar services to those provided by the any member of the Company
Group during the Employment Term; provided, however, that the Executive may
invest in the securities of any enterprise (but without otherwise participating
in the activities of such enterprise) if (x) such securities are listed on any
national or regional securities exchange or have been registered under Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (y) the Executive does not
beneficially own (as defined Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) in excess of 5% of the outstanding capital of such
enterprise.

         The Executive agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the length of time or any other restriction, or portion thereof,
set forth in this Section 12 is overly restrictive and unenforceable, the court
may reduce or modify such restrictions to those which it deems reasonable and
enforceable under the circumstances, and as so reduced or modified, the parties
hereto agree that the restrictions of this Section 12 shall remain in full force
and effect. The Executive further agrees that if a court of competent
jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Section 12 is invalid or
against public policy, the remaining provisions of this Section 12 and the
remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and shall remain in
full force and effect.

         The Executive acknowledges that the business of the Company and its
Affiliates is national in scope and that the restrictions imposed by this
Agreement are legitimate, reasonable and necessary to protect the Company's and
its affiliates' investment in their businesses and the goodwill thereof. The
Executive acknowledges that the scope and duration of the restrictions contained
herein are reasonable in light of the time that the Executive has been engaged
in the business of the Company and its affiliates, the Executive's reputation in
the markets for the Company's and its affiliates' businesses and the Executive's
relationship with the suppliers, customers and clients of the Company and its
affiliates. The Executive further acknowledges that the restrictions contained
herein are not burdensome to the Executive in light of the consideration paid
therefor.

         13. NO TAMPERING. Until August 1, 2004, or until 15 months following
the consummation of an initial public offering of the Company's common stock,
whichever first occurs (and for any period following the Employment Term during
which Executive is receiving base salary pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) hereof) the
Executive shall not (a) request, induce or attempt to influence any distributor
or supplier of goods or services to any member of the Company Group to curtail
or cancel any business they may transact with any member of the Company Group;
(b) request, induce or attempt to influence any customer of any member of the
Company Group that have done business with or potential customers which have
been in contact with any member of the Company Group to curtail or cancel any
business they may transact with any member of the Company Group; (c) request,
induce or attempt to influence any employee of any member of the Company Group
to terminate his or her employment with such member of the Company Group; or (d)
hire or employ or attempt to hire or employ any employee of any member of the
Company Group.



Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     9
<PAGE>

         Should Executive voluntarily terminate his employment with the Company
for other than Good Cause prior to August 1, 2004, the Company may at its
option, elect to extend the duration of the prohibitions against Executive
contained in (c) and (d) of this Section 13 for a period of an additional 12
months following the date of such termination. To exercise such option the
Company must provide written notice of such election to Executive within 30 days
after such termination and pay to Executive an amount equal to the base pay and
bonus, if any, earned by Executive during his last 12 months of employment with
the Company (less any required withholding or other taxes). In such event such
amount shall be paid in equal monthly installments over such 12 month period.

         14. NON-DISPARAGEMENT. The Executive and the Company agree that neither
party shall at any time disparage, make negative comments or express negative
opinions regarding the other party, either publicly or privately, in any
communications with third-parties, verbal, written or otherwise.

         15. PUBLICITY AND ADVERTISING. The Executive agrees that the Company
may use his name, picture, or likeness for any advertising, publicity or other
business purpose at any time, during the term of this Agreement and may continue
to use materials generated during the term of this Agreement for a period of six
months thereafter. Such use of the Executive's name, picture, or likeness shall
not be deemed to result in any invasion of the Executive's privacy or in
violation of any property right the Executive may have; and the Executive shall
receive no additional consideration if his name, picture or likeness is so used.
The Executive further agrees that any negatives, prints or other material for
printing or reproduction purposes prepared in connection with the use of his
name, picture or likeness by the Company shall be and are the sole property of
the Company.

         16. REMEDIES. The Executive acknowledges that a remedy at law for any
breach or attempted breach of the Executive's obligations under Sections 7
through 15 may be inadequate, agrees that the Company is entitled to specific
performance and injunctive and other equitable remedies in case of any such
breach or attempted breach. The Company shall have the right to offset against
amounts to be paid to the Executive pursuant to the terms hereof any amounts
from time to time owing by the Executive to the Company. The termination of
Executive's employment shall not be deemed to be a waiver by the Company of any
breach by the Executive of this Agreement or any other obligation owed the
Company, and notwithstanding such a termination the Executive shall be liable
for all damages attributable to such breach. The Executive acknowledges that the
scope and duration of the restrictions contained herein are reasonable in light
of the time that the Executive has been engaged in the business of the Company
and its affiliates, the Executive's reputation in the markets for the Company's
and its affiliates' businesses and the Executive's relationship with the
suppliers, customers and clients of the Company and its affiliates. The
Executive further acknowledges that the restrictions contained herein are not
burdensome to the Executive in light of the consideration paid therefor.

         17. INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (a) In the event that the Executive is made a party or is
         threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
         action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     10
<PAGE>

         criminal, administrative or investigative, other than an action by or
         in the right of the Company, by reason of the fact that the Executive
         is or was a director, officer, employee, trustee or agent of the
         Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a
         director, officer, employee trustee or agent of another corporation,
         partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including
         employee benefit plans), expressly including service as a director,
         officer or in a similar position with any exchange, board of trade,
         clearing corporation or similar institution on which the Company or any
         other corporation a majority of the stock of which is owned directly or
         indirectly by the Company had membership privileges at the relevant
         time during which any such position was held, shall be indemnified by
         the Company against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments,
         fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
         by the Executive in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if
         he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
         or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect
         to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
         believe his conduct was unlawful; provided, that funds paid or required
         to be paid to the Executive as a result of the provisions of this
         Section 17 shall be returned to the Company or reduced, as the case may
         be, to the extent that the Executive receives funds pursuant to an
         indemnification from any other corporation or organization. With
         respect to any employee benefit plan which imposes duties on, or
         involves services by, the Executive, if the Executive acted in good
         faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of
         the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, he
         shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best
         interests of the corporation. If the Executive could be indemnified
         pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 17(a) except for the
         fact that the subject action or suit is or was by or in the right of
         the Company, he shall be indemnified by the Company against expenses
         including attorneys' fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in
         connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit,
         except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of such action
         or suit, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the
         Executive shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or
         misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and
         only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was
         brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication
         of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the
         Executive is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such
         expenses which such court shall deem proper.

                  (b) To the extent that the Executive has been successful on
         the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding
         referred to in Section 17(a), or in defense of any claim, issue or
         matter therein, he shall be indemnified by the Company against
         expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred
         by him in connection therewith without the necessity of any action
         being taken by the Company. In all cases wherein such indemnification
         is provided by this Section 17, unless ordered by a court,
         indemnification shall be made by the Company only as authorized in the
         specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the
         Executive is proper in the circumstances because he has met the
         applicable standard of conduct specified in this Section 17. Such
         determination shall be made (i) by a majority vote of the directors who
         are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less
         than a quorum or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by
         majority vote of such directors, even


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     11
<PAGE>

         though less than a quorum or (iii) if there are no such directors, or
         if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written
         opinion or (iv) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a
         quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action,
         suit or proceeding or (v) if such quorum is not obtainable, or, even if
         obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by
         independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (vi) by the holders
         of a majority of the shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to
         vote thereon.

                  (c) The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by
         judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo
         contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
         presumption that the Executive did not act in good faith and in a
         manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
         interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or
         proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
         unlawful. Entry of a judgment by consent as part of a settlement shall
         not be deemed a final adjudication of liability for negligence or
         misconduct in the performance of duty, nor of any other issue or
         matter.

                  (d) Expenses incurred in defending a civil, criminal,
         administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid
         by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit
         or proceeding as authorized by the Board of Directors in the specific
         case upon receipt of an undertaking by the Executive to repay such
         amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to
         be indemnified by the Company.

                  (e) The indemnification hereby provided shall not be deemed
         exclusive of any other rights to which the Executive may be entitled
         under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
         directors or otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and
         as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall
         continue as to the Executive once he has ceased to provide services to
         the Company.

         18. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

                  (a) Executive's Heirs, etc. The Executive may not assign his
         rights or delegate his duties or obligations hereunder without the
         written consent of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the
         benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive's personal or legal
         representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs,
         distributees, devisees and legatees. This Agreement shall be binding on
         the Company's successors.

                  (b) Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and
         all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in
         writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or
         mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt
         requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set
         forth on the first page of this Agreement, provided that all notices to
         the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chief Executive
         Officer of the Company with a copy to the Secretary of the Company, or
         to such other address as is specified in writing in accordance
         herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective
         only upon receipt.

Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     12
<PAGE>

                  (c) Amendment; Waiver. No provisions of this Agreement may be
         modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or
         discharge is agreed to in writing signed by the Executive and such
         officer as may be specifically designated by the Board of Directors of
         the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach
         by the other party hereto of, or compliance with any condition or
         provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, shall
         be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at
         the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or
         representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to
         the subject matter hereof have been made by either party, which are not
         set forth expressly in this Agreement.

                  (d) Dispute Resolution. The Executive and the Company agree
         that any dispute between the Executive and the Company will be finally
         resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the Federal
         Arbitration Act ("FAA"). The Executive and the Company agree to follow
         the Dispute Resolution Procedures set forth in Attachment C to this
         Agreement.

                  (e) Invalid Provisions. Should any portion of this Agreement
         be adjudged or held to be invalid, unenforceable or void, such holding
         shall not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of
         this Agreement and the parties hereto agree that the portion so held
         invalid, unenforceable or void shall, if possible, be deemed amended or
         reduced in scope, or otherwise be stricken from this Agreement to the
         extent required for the purposes of validity and enforcement thereof.

                  (f) Survival of the Executive's Obligations. The Executive's
         obligations under this Agreement shall survive regardless of whether
         the Executive's employment by the Company is terminated, voluntarily or
         involuntarily, by the Company or the Executive, with or without Cause.

                  (g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
         more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but
         all of which together with constitute one and the same instrument.

                  (h) Governing. This Agreement shall be governed by and
         construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

                  (i) Captions and Gender. The use of captions and Section
         headings herein is for purposes of convenience only and shall not
         affect the interpretation or substance of any provisions contained
         herein. Similarly, the use of the masculine gender with respect to
         pronouns in this Agreement is for purposes of convenience and includes
         either sex who may be a signatory.


Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     13
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of
the 8th day of October, 2002.


                                               EXECUTIVE


                                               /s/ C. Keith Cargill
                                               ------------------------------
                                               C. Keith Cargill


                                               TEXAS CAPITAL BANCSHARES, INC.

                                               By: /s/ F.B. Hegi, Jr.
                                                   --------------------------
                                               Name: F.B. Hegi, Jr.
                                                     ------------------------
                                               Title: Director
                                                      -----------------------

Cargill Executive Employment Agreement     14
<PAGE>



                               [Exhibits Omitted]




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
