<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex1011.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SEPARATION AGREEMENT CHRISTOPHER J. HESSLER DTD 2/4/2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11

                                                                      MARIMBA(R)

                                                                   Marimba, Inc.
                                                                440 Clyde Avenue
                                                               Mountain View, CA
                                                                      94034-2232
                                                                 www.marimba.com

                                                                  P 650 930-5282
                                                                  F 650 930-5600

                                January 31, 2003

Mr. Chris Hessler
1041 Katrine Ct
Sunnyvale, CA  94087

Dear Chris:

         This letter is to confirm the agreement between you and Marimba, Inc.
(the "Company") regarding the termination of your employment with the Company.

         1.     Your employment with the Company will terminate on February 3,
                2003. Although you are not otherwise entitled to receive any
                severance pay from the Company, following the date that you sign
                this agreement, the Company will pay you severance totaling up
                to a maximum of $58,750, less all applicable withholdings, which
                equals up to three (3) months of your base salary as of your
                termination date. The severance will be paid out twice per month
                in equal semi-monthly payments of $9,791.67 less applicable
                withholdings ("Semi-Monthly Severance Payment"), and each
                Semi-Monthly Severance Payment shall be paid to you at the same
                time as the Company's normal employee payroll is paid, and shall
                continue through and until the earlier of: (a) the date that you
                have been paid six (6) Semi-Monthly Severance Payments; or (b)
                the date that you commence any employment or independent
                contractor relationship with any other party. You agree that
                within two (2) business days from commencing any employment or
                independent consulting relationship with any other party, you
                must provide the head of Human Resources Department of the
                Company (or his successor) a written statement confirming such
                employment or independent consulting relationship. The Company
                agrees that if you abide by your notice obligations in this
                paragraph, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rata share of
                the unpaid Semi-Monthly Severance Payment in any applicable
                bi-monthly period that you have commenced any employment or
                consulting relationship with any other party.

                                        1

<PAGE>

         2.     In addition, you will be paid earned commissions in the amount
                of $55,976.

         3.     You agree that prior to the execution of this letter you were
                not entitled to receive any further monetary payments from the
                Company, and that the only payments and benefits that you are
                entitled to receive from the Company in the future are those
                specified in this letter. You further acknowledge that no
                bonuses, commissions or similar compensation is or will be owing
                or payable to you by the Company as of the date of termination
                of your employment or thereafter.

         4.     Subject to your completion and timely submission of the
                appropriate paperwork to commence coverage under the
                Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
                amended ("COBRA"), the Company will pay your COBRA premium to
                continue your current medical, dental, vision and employee
                assistance program benefits under COBRA (including dependent
                coverage, if applicable) until the earlier of: (a) April 30,
                2003; or (b) the date that you commence any employment or
                independent contractor relationship with any other party.
                Following such date, you will have the option of continuing
                COBRA coverage at your own expense for as long as permitted by
                law.

         5.     In consideration for receiving the severance payments and
                benefits described above, you waive and release and promise
                never to assert any claims or causes of action, whether or not
                now known, against the Company or its predecessors, successors,
                or past or present subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents,
                employees and assigns, with respect to any matter, including but
                not limited to, any matter arising out of or connected with your
                employment with the Company or the termination of that
                employment, including without limitation, claims of wrongful
                discharge, emotional distress, defamation, fraud, breach of
                contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
                any claims of discrimination or harassment based on sex, age,
                race, national origin, disability or on any other basis, under
                Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the
                California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Age
                Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and all
                other laws and regulations relating to employment.

         6.     You expressly waive and release any and all rights and benefits
                under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California
                (or any analogous law of any other state), which reads as
                follows:

                           "A general release does not extend to claims which
                           the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his
                           favor at the time of executing the release, which, if
                           known by him, must have materially affected his
                           settlement with the debtor."

         7.     Nothing contained in this letter shall constitute or be treated
                as an admission by you or the Company of liability, of any
                wrongdoing, or of any violation of law.

         8.     At all times in the future, you will remain bound by the
                Company's Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement signed
                by you on February 28, 2001, a

                                       2

<PAGE>

                copy of which is attached hereto. Neither the Proprietary
                Information and Inventions Agreement or the Indemnification
                Agreement dated as of April 2, 2001 between you and the Company
                shall be affected by this agreement, and each such agreement
                shall continue to be legally effective in accordance with its
                respective terms.

         9.     Any stock options or restricted stock awards held by you shall
                be governed and legally effective in accordance with their
                applicable terms and conditions, and shall not be affected by
                this agreement.

         10.    You agree that you will not disclose to others the fact or terms
                of this letter, except that you may disclose such information to
                your attorney or accountant in order for such individuals to
                render services to you.

         11.    You agree that except as expressly provided in this letter, this
                letter renders null and void any and all prior agreements
                between you and the Company. You and the Company agree that this
                letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you
                and the Company regarding the subject matter of this agreement,
                and that this letter agreement may be modified only in a written
                document signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the
                Company.

         12.    This agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance
                with the laws of the State of California.

         13.    This agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
                shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute
                one agreement.

         14.    Any controversy involving the construction or application of any
                terms, covenants or conditions of this letter, or any claims
                arising out of any alleged breach of this letter, will be
                governed by the rules of the American Arbitration Association
                and submitted to and settled by final and binding arbitration in
                Santa Clara County, California, except that any alleged breach
                of the Company's Proprietary Information and Inventions
                Agreement shall not be submitted to arbitration and instead the
                Company may seek all legal and equitable remedies, including
                without limitation, injunctive relief.

         15.    You acknowledge that before signing this agreement, you:

                    .   Have read and understand it;

                    .   Know that you are giving up important rights;

                    .   Are aware of your right to consult an attorney before
                        signing the agreement; and

                    .   Have signed the agreement knowingly and voluntarily.

                                       3

<PAGE>

         Please indicate your agreement with the above terms by signing the
signature block provided below.

                               Sincerely yours,

                               /s/ Todd Riesterer
                               Todd Riesterer
                               VP, Corporate Services

         My agreement with the above terms is signified by my signature below.
Furthermore, I acknowledge that I have read and understand this letter and that
I sign this release of all claims voluntarily, with full appreciation that at no
time in the future may I pursue any of the rights I have waived in this release.

Signed:           /s/ Chris Hessler                        Dated: 2/4/03, 2003
         ----------------------------------------
                  Chris Hessler

                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
