<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>presa_ex99.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF ACQUISITION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1



              AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF ACQUISITION

     THIS   AGREEMENT   AND   PLAN  OF   ACQUISITION   (this
"Agreement"), dated and made Closing as of this 18th day  of
February   2003,   is  by  and  between   Presidential   Air
Corporation  (hereafter  "PAC"),  a  publicly  held   Nevada
corporation  and  Certified Aviation Parts, Inc.  (hereafter
"CAP"),  a  Nevada corporation. PAC and CAP are referred  to
herein   sometimes   collectively  as  the   "Parties"   and
individually as the "Party."

                    W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS,  the Boards of Directors of PAC and  CAP  deem
that  the  acquisition of CAP's common stock by PAC  on  the
terms  herein  set forth to be desirable  and  in  the  best
interests  of their respective stockholders and, subject  to
approval  by their respective shareholders, desire to  adopt
this Agreement to result in a tax-free reorganization within
the  meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1954, as amended; and

     WHEREAS,  the Boards of Directors of PAC and  CAP  have
approved   this  Agreement  and  have  directed  that   this
Agreement  and  the  Acquisition  contemplated  hereby  (the
"Acquisition") be submitted to their respective stockholders
for adoption.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and  of
the   mutual  representations,  warranties,  covenants   and
agreements  contained herein, PAC and CAP hereby agree  that
PAC  shall  acquire  CAP,  and  that  the  plan,  terms  and
conditions of the Acquisition shall be as follows:

                          ARTICLE I
        Plan of Acquisition of CAP with and into PAC

     1.01.   The  Acquisition. Upon  the  Closing  Date  (as
defined  in Article 4.01) of the Acquisition, the  following
shall occur: all of CAP's common stock shall be acquired  by
PAC;  CAP  shall  become a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  PAC;
both  entities  shall  continue  their  corporate  existence
under the laws of the state of Nevada and shall possess  all
of  the  rights, privileges, immunities, powers,  franchises
and  authority, of a public as well as of a private  nature.
Upon  the Closing Date, PAC shall be subject to all of CAP's
restrictions, disabilities and duties. In addition,  on  the
Closing  Date, PAC shall be vested in the following and  the
same  shall become PAC's property, effectually as if it were
CAP's   property:  CAP's  rights,  privileges,   immunities,
powers,  franchises and authority; CAP's assets and property
of  every  description (real, personal and mixed, and  every
interest  therein,  wherever located); all  debts  or  other
obligations belonging to or due to CAP on whatever  account;
all  stock  subscriptions and all other things in action  or
belonging to CAP on whatever account; any and all  of  CAP's
assets,  property,  rights, privileges, immunities,  powers,
franchises  and authority; any and all of CAP's  liabilities
an  obligations  owing  at  the  time  of  Closing,  defined
hereinafter;  and all and every other interest. Furthermore,
all  rights  of creditors and all liens upon  any  of  CAP's
property  shall  be  preserved unimpaired,  and  all  debts,
liabilities and duties of CAP shall thenceforth be  attached
to  PAC  and may be enforced against PAC to the same  extent
as  if  said debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred
or contracted by PAC prior to the Acquisition.

     1.02.   Adoption  of Plan; Requirement  of  Shareholder
Approval   of   Both   PAC  and  CAP;  Dissenters'   Rights;
Notification.   The Acquisition described in this  Agreement
will  require  the approval of PAC's and CAP's  shareholders
under  corporate law.  (See Sections 78.451 through  78.466,
Nevada   Revised   Statutes  (NRS),   as   amended,   titled
ACQUISITION;  EXCHANGE OF SHARES.)  The  Parties  intend  to
accomplish  such  approval by consent of at least  fifty-one
percent  (51%)  of  their current shareholders  pursuant  to
Section  78.320, NRS, titled "Stockholders Meetings: Quorum;
Consent  for actions taken without meeting."  If Nevada  law
requires  that PAC give dissenters' rights of  appraisal  as
contemplated  in NRS Sections 78.471 through 78.502,  titled
Rights  of  Dissenting Shareholders, PAC will  do  so.   PAC
shall  not  solicit proxies in connection with this  meeting
of its stockholders.

     1.03.  Proposals To Be Approved By the Shareholders  of
Both  PAC  and CAP.  The Shareholders of both  PAC  and  CAP
shall  approve  the following proposals:   (A)  approval  of
this Agreement; and (B) approval of any other amendments  to
PAC's  Articles of Incorporation if necessary,  such  as  to
broaden  the  scope of its corporate purpose to include  the
business  operations presently carried on  by  CAP  and  its
acquisition.

     1.04.   Establishment of Record Date.  The Record  Date
for  the  PAC and CAP shareholders entitled to vote on  this
Agreement  shall be February 7, 2003.   CAP shall  establish
its  own record date, if necessary, for its shareholders  to
vote  on  and  approve the Acquisition  in  accordance  with
Nevada corporate law.

     1.05.   The Acquisition.  The Acquisition shall  become
effective as provided in Article 4.02 (the "Closing Date").

     1.06.  Instruments and Further Assurances.  PAC and CAP
agree  to execute all documents necessary and required under
this Agreement to effect the Acquisition.

                          ARTICLE 2
  Articles of Incorporation, Directors and Officers and By-
                            Laws

     2.01.   Articles of Incorporation.  PAC's  Articles  of
Incorporation,  in  effect on the Closing  Date,  are  CAP's
Articles of Incorporation.

     2.02.   Directors and Officers.  Upon the  Acquisition,
CAP's officers and directors shall remain in place.

     2.03.   By-Laws.  PAC's By-Laws shall remain in  effect
until  they are amended as provided therein or otherwise  by
law.

                          ARTICLE 3
      Consideration; Conversion and Exchange of Shares

     3.01.    Consideration.  As  consideration  for   PAC's
acquisition of CAP's outstanding shares of stock, PAC  shall
pay the following:

          (A)  The Stock Price. CAP's shareholders shall
receive a total of 31,500,000 shares of PAC's common stock.
Such stock shall be restricted within the meaning of Rule
144 of the 1934 Act (the "Stock Consideration").  The CAP
shareholders shall distribute the Stock Consideration as
described in paragraph 3.02 below.

     3.02   Conversion of Shares.  Upon the Closing  of  the
Acquisition, PAC shall acquire all of the shares of CAP, and
the  CAP  shareholders shall receive, pro  rata,  3  (three)
shares  of  PAC's common stock for every 1  (one)  share  of
ownership in CAP.

     3.03   Exchange of Certificates or Delivery of  Shares.
On  and after the Closing of the Acquisition, each holder of
a certificate or certificates representing CAP Common Stock,
upon  presentation  and  surrender of  such  certificate  or
certificates  to  PAC or its transfer agent,  Pacific  Stock
Transfer,  Las  Vegas, NV, shall be entitled to  receive  in
exchange    therefore   a   certificate   or    certificates
representing  the number of full shares of PAC common  stock
to which he/she/it is entitled, as provided in Article 3.02.
Until  so  presented  and  surrendered  in  exchange  for  a
certificate  representing PAC common stock, each certificate
representing  issued and outstanding shares  of  CAP  common
stock  relative to the Acquisition shall, except as provided
in  the  following sentence, be deemed for all  purposes  to
evidence  ownership  of the number of  full  shares  of  PAC
common stock into which such shares of CAP common stock have
been converted pursuant to the Acquisition.  Until surrender
of   such   certificates   in  exchange   for   certificates
representing PAC common stock, the holder thereof shall  not
be entitled to vote at any PAC shareholders meeting.

                          ARTICLE 4
                        Closing Date

     4.01   Closing.   The Closing of the Acquisition  shall
take  place  on  February 18, 2003.   The  Closing  of  such
transactions is herein called the "Closing" and the date  of
that Closing is referred to herein as the "Closing Date."

                          ARTICLE 5
            Representations and Warranties of PAC

     5.01.   Organization,  Standing,  Qualification,   etc.
PAC  is  a  publicly held Nevada corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of  the
State  of  Nevada.   PAC  has at  all  times  had  requisite
corporate   power   and   is  duly  authorized,   qualified,
franchised   and   licensed  under  all   applicable   laws,
regulations, ordinances and orders of public authorities  to
own  its  properties and assets and to carry on any business
it has conducted.

     5.02.   Capitalization.  PAC's authorized capital stock
consists   of  200,000,000  shares  of  common  stock,   and
25,000,000  shares  of preferred stock,  with  a  $.001  par
value,  of which approximately 97,400,000 common shares  and
zero  preferred  will  be  issued  and  outstanding  at  the
Closing.  All issued and outstanding shares are and will  be
duly   authorized,  fully  paid,  validly  issued  and  non-
assessable in accordance with applicable law.  No  dividends
or  other  distribution  of the  assets  of  PAC  have  been
declared or paid in PAC's capital stock.

     5.03   Articles of Incorporation, By-Laws and  Minutes.
PAC's  existing  Articles of Incorporation and  the  By-Laws
will remain in effect on and after the Closing Date.

     5.04.   Financial Statements and Assets.  PAC's audited
financial  statements  are filed  with  the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission and is a matter of public  record.  All
such  financial statements have been prepared in  accordance
with  generally accepted accounting principles  consistently
applied  throughout  the  periods  involved.  To  the   best
knowledge, information and belief of PAC's management,  such
statements  of  operations present  fairly  the  results  of
operations of PAC for the periods indicated.

     5.05.   Authorization.  PAC's Board  of  Directors  has
approved  this  Agreement  and the Acquisition  contemplated
hereby and has authorized the execution and delivery of this
Agreement. PAC has full power, authority and legal right  to
enter  into this Agreement and this Agreement constitutes  a
legal,  valid and binding obligation of PAC, enforceable  in
accordance with its terms.

     5.06.    Litigation.   There  is   no   action,   suit,
proceeding or investigation pending, at law or in equity, or
to the knowledge of PAC's management, threatened, against or
affecting  PAC  before  or in any  court,  either  state  or
federal, public board, or body which calls into question the
creation or existence of PAC, the validity of this Agreement
or  the  authority of PAC to execute, deliver and carry  out
the terms of this Agreement.

     5.07.  Compliance with Law and Other Instruments.  PAC,
to  the  best of management's knowledge, is not in violation
or  default of any term of its Articles of Incorporation  or
By-Laws,  and has filed all reports and any other  documents
required  by  it  to be filed with any governmental  agency,
including  the  Commission.   The  execution,  delivery  and
performance  of  this  Agreement and the  taking  of  action
contemplated hereby will not result in any violation  of  or
be  in  action  contemplated hereby will not result  in  any
violation of or be in conflict with or constitute a  default
under the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of PAC.

     5.08.   Contracts  and Commitments.  PAC's  contractual
obligations and commitments, to the best of its management's
knowledge,  do  not  materially  and  adversely  affect  the
business,  operations, properties, assets  or  condition  of
PAC.

                          ARTICLE 6
            Representations and Warranties of CAP

     6.01.   Organization,  Standing,  Qualification,   etc.
CAP is a Nevada corporation engaged in aviation parts sales.
CAP  is validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Nevada and has all requisite corporate power
necessary to engage in the business it is currently  engaged
in.   It  is  duly  authorized,  qualified,  franchised  and
licensed  under all applicable laws, regulations, ordinances
and  orders of public authorities to own its properties  and
assets and to carry on its business as it is presently being
conducted.

     6.02.  Capitalization.  The authorized capital stock of
CAP  consists  of 20,000,000 shares of common stock,  having
.001  par  value, of which 10,500,000 shares will be  issued
and outstanding at the Closing.

     6.03.   Articles  of Incorporation and By-Laws.   CAP's
existing  Articles  of Incorporation and  the  By-Laws  will
remain in effect on and after the Closing Date.

     6.04.   Financial  Statements  and  Assets.   CAP  will
provide  audited financial statements to PAC,  timely  filed
with  the Securities and Exchange Commission as required  by
law.   All  such  financial statements will be  prepared  in
accordance  with  generally accepted  accounting  principles
consistently applied throughout the periods involved.

     6.05.   Authorization.  CAP's Board  of  Directors  has
approved  this  Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereby  and  have authorized the execution and  delivery  of
this  Agreement by CAP.  CAP has full power,  authority  and
legal  right to enter into this Agreement and to  consummate
the  transactions  contemplated hereby  and  this  Agreement
constitutes  a  legal, valid and binding obligation  of  CAP
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

     6.06.    Litigation.   There  is   no   action,   suit,
proceeding or investigation pending, at law or in equity, or
to the knowledge of CAP's management, threatened, against or
affecting  CAP  before  or in any  court,  either  state  or
federal, public board, or body which calls into question the
creation or existence of CAP, the validity of this Agreement
or  the  authority of CAP to execute, deliver and carry  out
the terms of this Agreement.

     6.07.  Compliance with Law and Other Instruments.  CAP,
to  the  best of management's knowledge, is not in violation
or  default of any term of its Articles of Incorporation  or
By-Laws,  and has filed all reports and any other  documents
required  by  it  to be filed with any governmental  agency.
The  execution,  delivery and performance of this  Agreement
and the taking of action contemplated hereby will not result
in any violation of or be in action contemplated hereby will
not  result  in any violation of or be in conflict  with  or
constitute a default under the Articles of Incorporation  or
By-Laws of CAP.

     6.08.   Contracts and Commitments.   CAP's  contractual
obligations and commitments, to the best of its management's
knowledge,  do  not  materially  and  adversely  affect  the
business,  operations, properties, assets  or  condition  of
CAP.

                          ARTICLE 7
          Conditions to Obligations of PAC and CAP

     The   obligations  of  PAC  and  CAP  to   effect   the
Acquisition  hereunder  are, at their respective  elections,
subject  to  the  satisfaction or waiver  of  the  following
condition:

     7.01.  Stockholder Approval.  On or before the Closing,
PAC's  and  CAP's  stockholders  shall  have  approved  this
Agreement. Such approval may be effected either by a noticed
shareholder meeting or a shareholder approval by consent, as
allowed by the State of Nevada and/or Nevada law.

                          ARTICLE 8
                        Miscellaneous

     8.01.   Amendments.  This Agreement may be  amended  at
any  time  by a written instrument executed by PAC  and  CAP
with  the  approval of their respective Boards of  Directors
and Shareholder consent.

     8.02.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed
by  and  construed in accordance with the laws of the  State
Nevada  and  any  conflict in such laws  shall  be  resolved
according to conflicts of law principles.

     8.03   Parties.   This  Agreement shall  inure  to  the
benefit  of  and  be  binding upon PAC  and  CAP  and  their
respective  successors and assigns.   Nothing  expressed  or
mentioned  in  this  Agreement  is  intended  or  shall   be
construed  to  give  any person, firm or corporation,  other
than  the  Parties  to this Agreement and  their  respective
successors,  and any person who controls PAC or  CAP  within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, and
the  heirs  and legal representatives of each of  them,  any
legal  or  equitable  right, remedy or  claim  under  or  in
respect of this Agreement or any provision contained in this
Agreement.  This Agreement and all conditions and provisions
of  this  Agreement  are intended to be  for  the  sole  and
exclusive benefit of the Parties to this Agreement and their
respective  successors, heirs and legal representatives  and
such  controlling  persons and officers  and  directors  and
their  heirs and legal representatives, and for the  benefit
of no other person, firm or corporation.

     8.04.    Complete   Agreement  -  Severability.    This
Agreement  contains  the  entire understanding  between  the
parties  and supersedes any and all prior agreements between
the parties.  If any provision of this Agreement is found to
be   void  by  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction,  the
remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

     8.05.  Multiple Copies.  This Agreement may be executed
in  multiple  copies,  each  of which  shall  constitute  an
original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same
agreement.


     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  PAC and  CAP  have  caused  this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.


PRESIDENTIAL AIR CORPORATION



/s/ Paul Harbison
---------------------
By: Paul Harbison
Its: CFO



CERTIFIED AVIATION PARTS, INC.



/s/ Eric J. Vaughn
---------------------
By: Eric J. Vaughn
Its: CEO

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
