<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>a2105900zex-10_25.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.25
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25



                                VIEWLOCITY, INC.

                           SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
                             1997 STOCK OPTION PLAN

                             DATED NOVEMBER 15, 2002

<Page>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----
<S>                                                                        <C>
Section  1. PURPOSE................................................        2
Section  2. DEFINITIONS............................................        2
Section  3. SHARES SUBJECT TO OPTIONS..............................        4
Section  4. EFFECTIVE DATE.........................................        4
Section  5. ADMINISTRATION.........................................        4
Section  6. ELIGIBILITY............................................        4
Section  7. GRANT OF OPTIONS.......................................        5
              7.1.  Grant..........................................        5
              7.2.  $100,000 Limit.................................        5
              7.3.  Grants to Directors............................        5
Section  8. OPTION PRICE...........................................        6
Section  9. EXERCISE PERIOD........................................        6
Section  10. NONTRANSFERABILITY....................................        7
Section  11. SECURITIES REGISTRATION AND RESTRICTIONS..............        7
              11.1. Investment Representation......................        7
              11.2. Registration or Qualification of Shares........        7
Section  12. LIFE OF PLAN..........................................        7
Section  13. ADJUSTMENT............................................        8
Section  14. CHANGE IN CONTROL.....................................        8
Section  15. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION..............................        8
Section  16. MISCELLANEOUS.........................................        9
              16.1. No Shareholder Rights..........................        9
              16.2. Employment.....................................        9
              16.3. Shareholder Agreement..........................        9
              16.4. Withholding....................................        9
              16.5. Construction...................................        9
</Table>

                                        i
<Page>

                                   Section 1.

                                     PURPOSE

    The purpose of this Plan is to promote the interests of Viewlocity, Inc., a
Georgia corporation (f/n/a SynQuest) and its related companies by granting
Options to purchase Stock to Key Employees and Directors in order (a) to
encourage a sense of proprietorship on the part of Key Employees and Directors
who will be largely responsible for the continued growth of Viewlocity, (b) to
furnish such Key Employees and Directors with further incentive to develop and
promote the business and financial success of Viewlocity and (c) to induce such
Key Employees and Directors to continue in the service of Viewlocity, by
providing a means whereby such selected individuals may purchase stock in
Viewlocity.

                                   Section 2.

                                   DEFINITIONS

    Each term set forth in this Section 2 shall have the meaning set forth
opposite such term for purposes of this Plan and, for purposes of such
definitions, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include
the singular.

    2.1. "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of Viewlocity.

    2.2. "CHANGE IN CONTROL" means (a) the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of Viewlocity, whether in a single transaction or in a series of
transactions occurring within any single 12 month period, (b) the sale by one or
more shareholders of Viewlocity, in a single transaction or in series of
transactions occurring within any single 12 month period, of more than 50% of
the issued and outstanding capital stock of Viewlocity to any individual,
corporation, trust or other entity which is not a shareholder, or is not
controlled by a shareholder, of Viewlocity as of the date of grant of an Option;
(c) a merger, reorganization, exchange of stock or other securities, or other
business combination between Viewlocity and another corporation, trust or other
business entity which results in the then-existing shareholders of Viewlocity
owning less than 51% of the total issued and outstanding capital stock of the
surviving entity; or (d) the issuance of capital stock of Viewlocity after the
date of grant of an Option, whether by private placement or public offering or
pursuant to the exercise of warrants, options or conversion rights, which causes
the existing shareholders of Viewlocity to own less than 51% of the total issued
and outstanding capital stock of Viewlocity.

    2.3. "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

    2.4. "COMMITTEE" means a committee of the Board which shall have at least
two members, each of whom shall be appointed by and shall serve at the pleasure
of the Board and shall be a "non-employee director" under Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and an "outside director"
under Section 162(m) of the Code.

    2.5. "DIRECTOR" means any member of the Board who is not an employee of
Viewlocity, a Subsidiary or a corporation possessing 51% or more of the total
combined voting power of all of the classes of stock in Viewlocity.

    2.6. "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means as of any date (a) the price that the Board
or the Committee acting in good faith determines through any reasonable
valuation method that a share of Stock

                                        2
<Page>

might change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, neither being
under any compulsion to buy or to sell and both having reasonable knowledge of
the relevant facts; provided, however, if the Stock is publicly traded on such
date, "Fair Market Value" means (b) the closing price on such date for a share
of Stock as reported by THE WALL STREET JOURNAL under the quotation system under
which such closing price is reported or, if THE WALL STREET JOURNAL does not
report such closing price, such closing price as reported by a newspaper or
trade journal selected by the Board or the Committee or, if no such closing
price is available on such date, (c) such closing price as so reported in
accordance with Section 2.6(b) for the immediately preceding business day or, if
no newspaper or trade journal reports such closing price or if no such price
quotation is available, (d) the price as determined in accordance with Section
2.6(a).

    2.7. "ISO" means an option granted under this Plan to purchase Stock that is
intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code.

    2.8. "KEY EMPLOYEE" means an employee of Viewlocity or any Parent or
Subsidiary, or a non-employee consultant retained by Viewlocity or any Parent or
Subsidiary, who, in the judgment of the Board acting in its absolute discretion,
is a key to the success of Viewlocity or a Parent or Subsidiary.

    2.9. "1933 ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

    2.10. "NQO" means an option granted under this Plan to purchase stock that
by its terms provides that it will not be treated as an incentive stock option
under Section 422 of the Code or that fails to satisfy the requirements of
Section 422 of the Code.

    2.11. "OPTION" means an ISO or a NQO.

    2.12. "OPTION AGREEMENT" means the written agreement or instrument that sets
forth the terms of an Option granted to a Key Employee or Director under this
Plan.

    2.13. "OPTION PRICE" means the price that shall be paid to purchase one
share of Stock upon the exercise of an Option granted under this Plan.

    2.14. "PARENT" means any corporation that is a parent corporation (within
the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code) of Viewlocity.

    2.15. "PLAN" means this Viewlocity, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Stock
Option Plan as amended from time to time hereafter.

    2.16. "STOCK" means the $.01 par value Common Stock of Viewlocity.

    2.17. "SUBSIDIARY" means any corporation that is a subsidiary corporation
(within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code) of Viewlocity.

    2.18. "VIEWLOCITY" means Viewlocity, Inc. and any successor to such
corporation.

    2.19. "TEN PERCENT SHAREHOLDER" means a person who owns (after taking into
account the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10% of
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of either Viewlocity, a
Parent or a Subsidiary.

                                        3
<Page>

                                   Section 3.

                            SHARES SUBJECT TO OPTIONS

    There shall be 3,050,000 shares of Stock reserved for use under this Plan.
Such shares of Stock shall be reserved to the extent that the Board deems
appropriate from authorized but unissued shares of Stock and from shares of
Stock that have been reacquired by Viewlocity. Any shares of Stock subject to an
Option that remain unissued after the cancellation, expiration or exchange of
such Option for another Option shall again become available for use under this
Plan, but any shares of Stock used to satisfy a withholding obligation under
Section 16.4 of this Plan shall not again be available for use under this Plan.

                                   Section 4.

                                 EFFECTIVE DATE

    The effective date of this Plan shall be the date the Plan was originally
adopted by the Board, provided Viewlocity's shareholders (acting at a duly
called meeting of such shareholders) approve the establishment of this Plan
within 12 months after the date the Board adopts this Plan. Any Option granted
before such shareholder approval automatically shall be granted subject to such
approval. If there is no such approval by Viewlocity 's shareholders, this Plan
shall not go into effect and the grant of any Options under this Plan shall be
null and void.

                                   Section 5.

                                 ADMINISTRATION

    This Plan shall be administered by the Board. The Board, acting in its
absolute discretion, shall exercise such powers and take such action as
expressly called for under this Plan and, further, the Board shall have the
power to interpret this Plan, and the respective Option Agreements entered into
hereunder, and to take such other action in the administration and operation of
this Plan as the Board deems equitable under the circumstances, which action
shall be final and binding on Viewlocity, on each affected Key Employee and
Director and on each other person directly or indirectly affected by such
action.

                                   Section 6.

                                   ELIGIBILITY

    Key Employees and Directors shall be eligible for the grant of NQOs under
this Plan. Only Key Employees who are current employees of Viewlocity or a
Parent or Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs under this Plan.
However, no Key Employee in any calendar year shall be granted an Option or
series of Options to purchase (subject to Section 13 of this Plan) more than
300,000 shares of Stock unless such grant or grants are made in connection with
the initial employment of an individual or the Board in its discretion
determines that exceeding such grant cap is in Viewlocity's best interest.

                                        4
<Page>

                                   Section 7.

                                GRANT OF OPTIONS

    7.1. GRANT. The Board or the Committee acting in its absolute discretion
shall grant Options to Key Employees, including "covered employees" under
Section 162(m) of the Code. Each grant of an Option shall be evidenced by an
Option Agreement, and each Option Agreement shall:

       (a) specify whether the Option is an ISO or NQO, and

       (b) incorporate such other terms and conditions as the Board or the
    Committee acting in its absolute discretion deems consistent with the terms
    of this Plan, including (without limitation) a limitation on the number of
    shares subject to the Option which first become exercisable during any
    particular period.

To the extent the Board or the Committee grants an Option that Viewlocity
intends to constitute an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code
but such Option or portion thereof fails to satisfy the requirements under
Section 422 of the Code, such Option or portion thereof shall be treated as a
NQO. If the Board or the Committee grants an ISO and a NQO to an eligible Key
Employee on the same date, the right of the Key Employee to exercise the ISO
shall not be conditioned on his or her failure to exercise the NQO.

    7.2. $100,000 LIMIT. The aggregate Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock
subject to ISOs and other incentive stock options (that satisfy the requirements
under Section 422 of the Code) granted to an eligible Key Employee under this
Plan and under any other stock option plan adopted by Viewlocity, a Parent or a
Subsidiary that first become exercisable in any calendar year shall not exceed
$100,000. Such Fair Market Value figure shall be determined by the Board or the
Committee on the date the ISO or other incentive stock option is granted. The
Board or the Committee shall interpret and administer the limitation set forth
in this Section 7.2 in accordance with Section 422(d) of the Code, and the Board
or the Committee shall treat this Section 7.2 as in effect only for those
periods for which Section 422(d) of the Code is in effect.

    7.3. GRANTS TO DIRECTORS.

       (a) INITIAL GRANT. Each Director automatically shall be granted (without
    any further action on the part of the Board or the Committee) a NQO under
    this Plan to purchase 4,000 shares of Stock as of the later of the first day
    he serves as such or the adoption and approval of this Plan. Such grant
    shall be made at an Option Price equal to the Fair Market Value of a share
    of Stock on the date of such grant.

       (b) ONGOING GRANTS. Each Director who is serving as such on each four
    year anniversary of the date he received a grant pursuant to Section 7.3(a)
    automatically shall be granted (without any further action on the part of
    the Board or the Committee) a NQO under this Plan as of the date of such
    anniversary to purchase 4,000 shares of Stock. Such grant shall be made at
    an Option Price equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on such
    date.

       (c) OPTION CERTIFICATES. Each NQO granted under this Plan to a Director
    shall be evidenced by an Option Certificate, shall be exercisable 25% per
    year commencing one year from the date of grant (so long as the recipient is
    serving as a Director on such date) and shall expire 90 days after a
    Director ceases to serve as such or, if earlier, on the tenth anniversary of

                                        5
<Page>

    the date of the grant of the NQO. A NQO granted to a Director under this
    Plan shall conform in all other respects to the terms and conditions of a
    NQO under this Plan, and no Director shall be eligible to receive an Option
    under this Plan except as provided in this Section 7.3. A grant of a NQO to
    a Director under this Section 7.3 is intended to be granted in a manner
    which continues to allow such Director to be a "non-employee director" under
    Rule 16b-3 and an "outside director" under Section 162(m) of the Code, and
    all NQOs granted to Directors as well as this Section 7.3 shall be construed
    to effect such intent.

                                   Section 8.

                                  OPTION PRICE

    The Option Price for each share of Stock subject to an ISO shall be set by
the Board or the Committee at the time the Option is granted, but such price
shall not be set at less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the
date the ISO is granted or, if the ISO is granted to an eligible Key Employee
who is a Ten Percent Shareholder, the Option Price for each share of Stock
subject to such ISO shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a
share of Stock on the date the ISO is granted. The Option Price for a NQO may be
less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date the NQO is
granted but shall under no circumstances be less than adequate consideration as
determined by the Board or the Committee for such a share. The Option Price
shall be payable in full upon the exercise of any Option, and an Option
Agreement at the discretion of the Board or the Committee may provide for the
payment of the Option Price either in cash or in Stock held by the Key Employee
or Director or in any combination of cash and such Stock. If an Option Agreement
allows the payment of the Option Price in whole or in part in Stock, such
payment shall be made in Stock acceptable to the Board or the Committee which
the Key Employee or Director has held for at least 6 months. Any payment made in
Stock shall be treated as equal to the Fair Market Value of such Stock as of the
date the properly endorsed certificate for such Stock is delivered to
Viewlocity.

                                   Section 9.

                                 EXERCISE PERIOD

    Each Option granted under this Plan shall be exercisable in whole or in part
at such time or times as set forth in the related Option Agreement, but no
Option Agreement shall make an Option exercisable on or after the earlier of

       (a) the date that is the fifth anniversary of the date the Option is
    granted, if the Option is an ISO and the eligible Key Employee is a Ten
    Percent Shareholder on the date the Option is granted, or

       (b) the date that is the tenth anniversary of the date the Option is
    granted, if the Option is a NQO or if the Option is an ISO and is granted to
    an eligible Key Employee who is not a Ten Percent Shareholder on the date
    the Option is granted.

An Option Agreement may provide for the exercise of an Option after the
employment of a Key Employee or the service of a Director has terminated for any
reason whatsoever, including death or disability; provided, however, to the
extent an ISO remains or becomes exercisable on or after the last day of the 3
consecutive month period that immediately follows the last day of a Key
Employee's continuous period of employment by Viewlocity, a Parent or a
Subsidiary (other than

                                        6
<Page>

as a result of death or disability), the Option after such date no longer will
qualify for any special income tax benefits under Section 422 of the Code.

                                   Section 10.

                               NONTRANSFERABILITY

    No Option granted under this Plan shall be transferable by a Key Employee or
Director, and such Option shall be exercisable during the lifetime of a Key
Employee or Director only by such Key Employee or Director, except that (1) an
Option may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
and the person or persons to whom an Option is transferred by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution will be treated as the Key Employee or Director
under this Plan, and (2) in the case of an NQO only, a Key Employee or Director
may transfer the NQO (whether by gift or sale), in whole or in part, to an
entity (including without limitation a partnership, limited partnership,
corporation, limited liability company, or trust), if (and only if) all of the
beneficial interests of the transferee entity are held by the Key Employee or
Director, the Key Employee's or Director's spouse, and/or the Key Employee's or
Director's direct lineal descendants, and the entity to which the NQO is so
transferred will be treated as the Key Employee or Director under this Plan.

                                   Section 11.

                    SECURITIES REGISTRATION AND RESTRICTIONS

    11.1. INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION. Each Option Agreement shall provide that,
if so requested by Viewlocity, the Key Employee or Director shall make a written
representation to Viewlocity that he or she will not sell or offer for sale any
of such Stock unless a registration statement shall be in effect with respect to
such Stock under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities law or he or
she shall have furnished to Viewlocity an opinion in form and substance
satisfactory to Viewlocity of legal counsel satisfactory to Viewlocity that such
registration is not required. Certificates representing the Stock transferred
upon the exercise of an Option may, at the discretion of Viewlocity, bear a
legend to the effect that the Key Employee or Director agrees to hold such Stock
for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution to the public and
that such Stock has not been registered under the 1933 Act or any applicable
state securities law and that such Stock cannot be sold or offered for sale in
the absence of an effective registration statement as to such Stock under the
1933 Act and any applicable state securities law or an opinion in form and
substance satisfactory to Viewlocity of legal counsel satisfactory to Viewlocity
that such registration is not required.

    11.2. REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION OF SHARES. If the Board determines that
registration or qualification of shares is necessary or desirable, Viewlocity
shall, at its expense, take such action as may be required to effect such
registration or qualification.

                                   Section 12.

                                  LIFE OF PLAN

    No Option shall be granted under this Plan on or after the earlier of (a)
the tenth anniversary of the effective date of this Plan (as determined under
Section 4 of this Plan), in which event this Plan shall continue in effect
thereafter until all outstanding Options have been exercised in full or no
longer are exercisable, or (b) the date on which all of the Stock reserved under
Section 3 of this Plan has (as a

                                        7
<Page>

result of the exercise of Options) been issued or no longer is available for use
under this Plan, in which event this Plan also shall terminate on such date.

                                   Section 13.

                                   ADJUSTMENT

    The number, kind or class (or any combination thereof) of shares of Stock
reserved under Section 3 of this Plan, the annual grant caps described in
Section 6 of this Plan and the number, kind or class (or any combination
thereof) of shares of Stock subject to Options granted under this Plan and the
Option Price of such Options shall be adjusted by the Board in an equitable
manner to reflect any change in the capitalization of Viewlocity, including, but
not limited to, such changes as stock dividends or stock splits. Furthermore,
the Board shall have the right to adjust (in a manner which satisfies the
requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code) the number, kind or class (or any
combination thereof) of shares of Stock reserved under Section 3 of this Plan,
the annual grant caps described in Section 6 of this Plan and the number, kind
or class (or any combination thereof) of shares subject to Options granted under
this Plan and the Option Price of such Options in the event of any corporate
transaction described in Section 424(a) of the Code, which provides for the
substitution or assumption of such Options in order to take into account on an
equitable basis the effect of such transaction. If any adjustment under this
Section 13 would create a fractional share of Stock or a right to acquire a
fractional share of Stock, such fractional share shall be disregarded and the
number of shares of Stock reserved under this Plan, the annual grant caps
described in Section 6 of this Plan and the number subject to any Options
granted under this Plan shall be the next lower number of shares of Stock,
rounding all fractions downward. An adjustment made under this Section 13 by the
Board shall be conclusive and binding on all affected persons and, further,
shall not constitute an increase in "the number of shares reserved under Section
3" within the meaning of Section 15(a) of this Plan.

                                   Section 14.

                                CHANGE IN CONTROL

    If there is a Change in Control, Viewlocity shall notify each Key Employee
or Director who has an Option outstanding and each such Key Employee or Director
thereafter shall have the right to exercise in full any Option previously
granted to him or her that is then outstanding (notwithstanding that such Option
may not otherwise have fully vested under the terms of the applicable Option
Agreement).

                                   Section 15.

                            AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION

    This Plan may be amended by the Board from time to time to the extent that
the Board deems necessary or appropriate; provided, however, no such amendment
shall be made absent the proper approval of the shareholders of Viewlocity (a)
to increase the number of shares reserved under Section 3 of this Plan, (b) to
change the class of employees eligible for Options under Section 6 of this Plan,
or (c) to comply with applicable provisions of the Code, state law or NASD or
exchange listing rules, which require such shareholder approval. The Board also
may suspend the granting of Options under this Plan at any time and may
terminate this Plan at any time; provided, however, the Board shall not have the
right unilaterally to modify, amend or cancel any Option granted

                                        8
<Page>

before such suspension or termination unless (i) the Key Employee or Director
consents in writing to such modification, amendment or cancellation or (ii)
there is a dissolution or liquidation of Viewlocity or a transaction described
in Section 13 or Section 14 of this Plan.

                                   Section 16.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

    16.1. NO SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS. No Key Employee or Director shall have any
rights as a shareholder of Viewlocity as a result of the grant of an Option to
him or to her under this Plan or his or her exercise of such Option pending the
actual delivery of Stock subject to such Option to such Key Employee or
Director.

    16.2. EMPLOYMENT. The grant of an Option to a Key Employee or Director under
this Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment or a right to continue
to serve on the Board and shall not confer on a Key Employee or Director any
rights upon his or her termination of employment or services as a Director in
addition to those rights, if any, expressly set forth in the Option Agreement
that evidences his or her Option.

    16.3. SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT. Viewlocity shall have the right to require a
Key Employee or Director to enter into such employment, shareholder, buy-sell,
right of first refusal or other agreement or agreements that Viewlocity deems
appropriate under the circumstances as a condition to the grant or to the
exercise of any Option.

    16.4. WITHHOLDING. Each Option grant shall be made subject to the condition
that the Key Employee or Director consents to whatever action the Board or the
Committee directs to satisfy the federal and state tax withholding requirements,
if any, that the Board or the Committee in its discretion deems applicable to
the exercise of such Option. The Board or the Committee also shall have the
right to provide, in an Option Agreement, that a Key Employee or Director may
elect to satisfy federal and state tax withholding requirements through a
reduction in the number of shares of Stock actually transferred to him or to her
under this Plan.

    16.5. CONSTRUCTION. This Plan shall be construed under the laws of the State
of Georgia. The headings in this Plan are for convenience of reference purposes
only.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Viewlocity, Inc. has caused its duly authorized officer
to execute this Plan, as amended and restated this 15th day of November, 2002 to
evidence its adoption of this Plan.

                                            VIEWLOCITY, INC.

                                            By: /s/ L. Allen Plunk
                                               -------------------
                                               L. Allen Plunk
                                               CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND
                                               EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT


                                        9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
