<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.0
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>



                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


                                  BY AND AMONG
                 JAGUAR INVESTMENTS, INC., A NEVADA CORPORATION,
                                       AND
                   FREIGHT RATE, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION

                                 MARCH 10, 2003
<PAGE>

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     AGREEMENT  AND PLAN OF MERGER ("Agreement"), dated as of March 10, 2003, by
and  among  JAGUAR  INVESTMENTS, INC., a Nevada corporation ("JGUR") and FREIGHT
RATE,  INC.  d/b/a  Power2Ship,  a  Delaware corporation ("P2S").  The corporate
parties  hereto  are  sometimes  hereinafter  referred  to  collectively  as the
"Companies,"  or  individually  as  a  "Company".

     WHEREAS,  the  respective  Boards  of  Directors  of  the Companies deem it
advisable and in the best interests of their respective stockholders that P2S be
acquired  by  and  become  a wholly owned subsidiary of JGUR and, in furtherance
thereof,  the Boards of Directors of the Companies have approved, as applicable,
the  merger  of  a  Delaware  corporation, to be formed and to be a wholly owned
subsidiary  of  JGUR  ("Acquisition  Sub"), with and into P2S upon the terms and
subject  to  the  conditions  set  forth  herein;  and

     WHEREAS,  for  federal  income tax purposes, it is intended that the merger
shall  qualify  as  a  reorganization  within  the meaning of Section 368 of the
Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended  (the  "Code");

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  foregoing  and the respective
representations,  warranties,  covenants,  and  agreements set forth herein, the
parties  hereto  agree  as  follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     1.1  The Merger.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
at  the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2 hereof), Acquisition Sub shall
                                      -----------
be  merged  (the  "Merger")  with  and  into  P2S,  with P2S being the surviving
corporation  in  the  Merger  (the  "Surviving  Corporation")  and  the separate
existence  of  Acquisition Sub shall thereupon cease.  The Merger shall have the
effects  set  forth  in  Section  252  of  the Delaware General Law (the "DGL").

     1.2  Effective  Time of the Merger . The Merger shall become effective (the
"Effective  Time")  upon  the  completion  of  the  filing  of properly executed
Articles  of  Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which
filing  shall  be  made upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article
                                                                         -------
VIII  hereof.
------------
                                   ARTICLE II

                       JGUR AND THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

     2.1  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the  Surviving  Corporation.  The
Articles  of  Incorporation of P2S shall become the Articles of Incorporation of
the  Surviving  Corporation, except that such Articles of Incorporation shall be
amended  and  restated  at  the  Effective  Time  to  read  in  their  entirety
substantially the same as the Articles of Incorporation of Acquisition Sub (with
the  name  of  P2S  being  substituted  for  that  of  Acquisition  Sub).

<PAGE>

     2.2  Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The Bylaws of P2S as in effect at
the  Effective  Time  shall become the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter  amended  in  accordance  with  applicable  law.

     2.3  Directors  and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. At the Effective
Time,  all members of the JGUR and the Acquisition Sub Boards of Directors shall
resign. Prior to the resignations of the members of the JGUR and the Acquisition
Sub  Boards  of Directors, the respective Boards of Directors shall nominate the
individuals set forth on Exhibit 2.3 ("New Boards of Directors") to serve on the
JGUR  and  the  Surviving  Corporation's  Boards of Directors in accordance with
JGUR's  and  Surviving  Corporation's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or as
otherwise  provided by law. The nominations of the New Boards of Directors shall
be  effective  upon  the  Effective  Time.  In addition, simultaneously upon the
Effective  Time  the officers of JGUR shall resign their office positions. A new
slate  of  officers  shall  be  appointed  by  the  New  Boards  of  Directors.

                                   ARTICLE III

                              CONVERSION OF SHARES

     3.1  Conversion  of  P2S  Equity  and  Derivative  Securities.  At  the
Effective  Time, the present holders of P2S equity and derivative securities, by
virtue  of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof,
shall have the right to convert these securities into 30,100,000 JGUR equity and
derivative  securities  as  follows:

          (a)  Exchange  Ratios.

               (1)  Each P2S common and preferred share, option and warrant will
                    be  exchanged  for  that number of JGUR common and preferred
                    shares,  options  and warrants equal to: [30,000,000 divided
                    by  the  sum  of  all  issued and outstanding P2S common and
                    preferred  shares,  options and warrants as of the Effective
                    Time  as set forth in Exhibit 3.1] (the "Exchange Ratio") as
                    shown  in total in Exhibit 3.1.1. For example, if the sum of
                    all  issued and outstanding P2S common and preferred shares,
                    options  and  warrants  as  of  the  Effective  Time is 12.0
                    million  then  the  Exchange Ratio would equal 2.50 (i.e., a
                    shareholder  owning  10,000  P2S common shares would receive
                    25,000  JGUR  common  shares).

               (2)  In  addition,  each  P2S  common  share  and  P2S  Series  C
                    preferred  share  will  be exchanged for that number of JGUR
                    Series  X Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share ("JGUR
                    Series  X  Preferred") equal to: [100,000 divided by the sum
                    of  all  P2S common shares and P2S Series C preferred shares
                    as  of  the Effective Time as set forth in Exhibit 3.1] (the
                    "Preferred  Exchange  Ratio")  as  shown in total in Exhibit
                    3.1.1. For example, if the sum of all issued and outstanding
                    P2S common and Series C preferred shares as of the Effective
                    Time is 4.0 million, then the Preferred Exchange Ratio would
                    equal  0.025  (i.e.,  a  shareholder  with 10,000 P2S common
                    shares  would  receive  250  shares  of  JGUR
                    Series  X  Preferred.

<PAGE>

               (3)  Further,  each  share  of  P2S  Series  C  preferred  stock
                    converted  at  the  Effective Time into the right to receive
                    approximately  2.7  JGUR  Series  Y  preferred shares ("JGUR
                    Series  Y Preferred") as shown in total in Exhibit 3.1. Each
                    share  of  JGUR  Series  Y Preferred will be entitled to 203
                    votes  per  share and will be convertible on a one for basis
                    into  Common  Shares.

     3.2  Conversion  of  JGUR  Series  X  Preferred  Shares  The  JGUR Series X
Preferred  Shares  shall  be  convertible  on  a mandatory basis on the one year
anniversary  of  the  Effective  Time of the Merger (the "Conversion Date") into
that  number  of  shares  of JGUR Shares to be determined based on the amount of
equity  securities  sold  prior  to  the  Conversion Date except as described in
Exhibit  3.2(a). The amount of additional securities to be received is set forth
on  Exhibit  3.2(b).

     3.3  At  the  Effective Time, all P2S Shares, Preferred Shares, Options and
Warrants shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and
retired  and  shall  cease  to  exist.  Each certificate or agreement previously
representing  any  such  P2S Shares, Preferred Shares, Options or Warrants shall
thereafter  represent  JGUR  Shares,  Preferred Shares, Options or Warrants into
which  such  securities  have  been  converted  into  or  exchanged  for.

     3.4  If, prior to the Effective Time, JGUR should split or combine the JGUR
Shares,  or  pay  a  stock dividend or other stock distribution in, JGUR Shares,
then  the  P2S  Exchange  Ratio  shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such
split,  combination, dividend, or other distribution.

     3.5 Each P2S Share held in treasury and each such Share held by JGUR or any
subsidiary of JGUR immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and
retired and cease to exist, and no JGUR Shares shall be issued in exchange
therefor.

     3.6  Exchange  of  Shares

          (a)  No  later  than the Effective Time, JGUR shall make available and
               deliver,  and  each  holder  of  P2S  Shares shall be entitled to
               receive,  upon  surrender  to  JGUR  or  such  entity as it shall
               designate  of  one  or  more  certificates  representing such P2S
               Shares  or  Preferred  Shares  for  cancellation,  certificates
               representing  the  number of JGUR Shares or Preferred Shares into
               which  such  P2S  securities  are  converted  or exchanged in the
               Merger.  The  JGUR Shares and Preferred Shares into which the P2S
               securities shall be converted or exchanged in the Merger shall be
               deemed  to  have  been  issued  at  the  Effective  Time.

          (b)  As  soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, JGUR
               or such entity as it shall designate shall mail to each holder of
               record  of  a certificate or certificates which immediately prior
               to  the Effective Time represented outstanding P2S Shares and P2S
               Series  C  Preferred Shares (the "Certificates") whose P2S Shares
               and  Preferred  Shares  were  converted  into  JGUR  Shares  and
               Preferred  Shares  pursuant  to  Section  3.1,  (i)  a  letter of
                                                ------------
               transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,

<PAGE>

               and  risk  of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
               upon  delivery  of  the Certificates to JGUR or such entity as it
               shall  designate  and  shall  be in such form and have such other
               provisions  as JGUR may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions
               for  use  in  effecting  the  surrender  of  the  Certificates in
               exchange  for certificates representing JGUR Shares and Preferred
               Shares.  Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to JGUR
               or such entity as it shall designate together with such letter of
               transmittal,  duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall
               be  entitled  to  receive  in  exchange  therefor  a  certificate
               representing  that  number  of  whole  JGUR  Shares and Preferred
               Shares  which  such holder has the right to receive in respect of
               the  Certificates  surrendered pursuant to the provisions of this
               Article  III.
               ------------

     3.7  Dividends;  Transfer Taxes.  No dividends that are declared on JGUR
Shares  shall  be  paid to persons entitled to receive certificates representing
JGUR  Shares  until  such  persons surrender their certificates representing P2S
Shares.  Upon  such  surrender,  there shall be paid to the person in whose name
the  certificates  representing  such  JGUR Shares shall be issued any dividends
which  shall  have  become  payable with respect to such JGUR Shares between the
Effective  Time  and  the  time of such surrender.  In no event shall the person
entitled  to  receive  such  dividends  be  entitled to receive interest on such
dividends.  If  any  certificates for any JGUR Shares are to be issued in a name
other  than that in which the certificate representing P2S Shares surrendered in
exchange  therefor  is registered, it shall be a condition of such exchange that
the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer
or  other taxes required by reason of the issuance of certificates for such JGUR
Shares  in  a  name  other than that of the registered holder of the certificate
surrendered,  or  shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that
such  tax  has  been  paid or is not applicable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither  the  Exchange Agent nor any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of
Shares  for  any JGUR Shares or dividends thereon or, in accordance with Section
                                                                         -------
3.4  hereof,  the  cash  payment for fractional interests, delivered to a public
---
official  pursuant  to  applicable  escheat  laws.

     3.8  No  Fractional  Securities.  No  certificates  or  scrip  representing
fractional  JGUR  Shares  shall  be  issued  upon  the surrender for exchange of
certificates representing Shares pursuant to this Article III, except fractional
                                                 ------------
shares of Series X Preferred Stock shall be issued, and no dividend,
stock split-up, or other change in the capital structure of JGUR shall relate to
any  fractional  security,  and  such fractional interests shall not entitle the
owner thereof to vote or to any rights of a security holder. In lieu of any such
fractional  securities,  each  holder  of  Shares  who would otherwise have been
entitled  to a fraction of a JGUR Share upon surrender of stock certificates for
exchange  pursuant  to this Article III shall have his JGUR Shares rounded up to
                            -----------
the  next  highest  share.

     3.9  Closing  of  Transfer  Books.  At  the  Effective  Time,  the stock
transfer  books  of  P2S  shall  be  closed  and no transfer of P2S Shares shall
thereafter be made.  If, after the Effective Time, certificates representing P2S
Shares  are  presented  to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled and
exchanged for certificates representing JGUR Shares in accordance with the terms
hereof.  At  and  after  the  Effective  Time,  the  holders of P2S Shares to be
exchanged  for  JGUR  Shares  pursuant to this Agreement shall cease to have any
rights  as  shareholders  of  P2S  except  for the right to surrender such stock
certificates  in  exchange  for  JGUR  Shares  as  provided  hereunder.

<PAGE>

3.10     Dissenting  Shares.  If  holders  of P2S Shares are entitled to dissent
from  the  Merger and demand appraisal of any such P2S Shares in accordance with
the  provisions  of the DGL concerning the right of such holders to dissent from
the  Merger and demand appraisal of their shares ("Dissenting Holders"), any P2S
Shares  held  by  a Dissenting Holder as to which appraisal has been so demanded
("Excluded  P2S Shares") shall not be converted as described in Section 3.1, but
                                                                -----------
shall from and after the Effective Time represent only the right to receive such
consideration  as may be determined to be due to such Dissenting Holder pursuant
to  the  DGL; provided, however, that each P2S Share held by a Dissenting Holder
              --------  -------
who  shall,  after the Effective Time, withdraw his demand for appraisal or lose
his  right of appraisal with respect to such P2S Shares, in either case pursuant
to  the  DGL,  shall not be deemed Excluded P2S Shares but shall be deemed to be
converted,  as  of  the Effective Time, into the right to receive JGUR Shares in
accordance  with  the  P2S  Exchange  Ratio,  as  applicable.

     3.11  Closing.  The  closing  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement  (the  "Closing")  shall  take  place at the offices of Adorno & Yoss,
P.A.,  350  East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1700, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301,
at  9 a.m., local time, on the first business day (the "Closing Date") after the
later  of  (a) the day on which the meeting of the stockholders of P2S approving
the  Merger  is  held  or  the  Required  Stockholders'  Consent is executed and
delivered  to P2S in compliance with applicable law, or (b) the day on which all
of  the  conditions  set  forth  in  Article VIII hereof are satisfied or waived
                                     ------------
(other  than  those  conditions  which  are  to  be  satisfied at
Closing),  or  at  such other date, time and place as the Companies shall agree.

     3.12  Supplementary  Action.  If  at any time after the Effective Time, any
further  assignments  or  assurances in law or any other things are necessary or
desirable  to  vest  or  to  perfect  or  confirm  of  record  in  the Surviving
Corporation  the  title  to  any  property  or  rights of either JGUR or P2S, or
otherwise  to  carry  out  the  provisions  of  this Agreement, the officers and
directors  of  the  Surviving Corporation are hereby authorized and empowered on
behalf  of each, in the name of and on behalf of them as appropriate, to execute
and  deliver  any  and  all  things necessary or proper to vest or to perfect or
confirm  title  to  such  property  or  rights in the Surviving Corporation, and
otherwise  to  carry  out  the  purposes  and  provisions  of  this  Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF P2S

     As  used  in  this Agreement, (i) the term "Material Adverse Effect" means,
with  respect  to  JGUR or P2S, as the case may be, a material adverse effect on
the  business,  assets,  results  of  operations, or financial condition of such
party  and  its subsidiaries taken as a whole or in the ability of such party to
perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) the word "subsidiary" when used with
respect  to  any  party  means  any  corporation  or other organization, whether
incorporated  or  unincorporated, of which such party or any other subsidiary of
such  party is a general partner (excluding partnerships the general partnership
interests  of  which  held  by such party or any subsidiary of such party do not
have  a  majority  of  the  voting interests in such partnership) or of which at
least  a  majority  of  the  securities or other interests having by their terms
ordinary  voting  power  to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or others
performing  similar  functions  with  respect  to  such  corporations  or  other
organizations is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party and/or
by  any  one  or  more  of  the  subsidiaries.

<PAGE>

     P2S  represents  and  warrants,  with  respect to P2S and its subsidiaries,
except  as  disclosed  to  JGUR  in  the  P2S  Schedule  of Exceptions (the "P2S
Schedule"),  attached  hereto  and  incorporated  herein  by  this reference, as
follows:

     4.1  Organization.  Each of P2S and its subsidiaries is a corporation or
limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under  the  laws  of  its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the corporate or
other  power  to carry on its business as it is now being conducted or presently
proposed to be conducted.  Each of P2S and its subsidiaries is duly qualified as
a  foreign corporation or entity to do business, and is in good standing (to the
extent  the  concept  of  good  standing exists), in each jurisdiction where the
character  of  its  properties  owned  or  held under lease or the nature of its
activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified  shall  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     4.2  Capitalization.  The  authorized  capital stock of P2S and each of its
subsidiaries  is as set forth in Section 4.2 of the P2S Schedule. As of the date
hereof  and  as  of  the  Effective  Time, the number of Shares of P2S which are
issued  and  outstanding is as set forth in Section 4.2 of the P2S Schedule. All
of  the issued and outstanding Shares of P2S are validly issued, fully paid, and
non-assessable  and  free  of  preemptive  rights  or  similar rights created by
statute,  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  or Bylaws of P2S or any agreement by
which  P2S or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound. Except
(a)  as set forth above or, (b) as disclosed in Section 4.2 of the P2S Schedule,
there  are  not  as of the date of this Agreement any shares of capital stock of
P2S  issued  or  outstanding  or  any  options,  warrants, subscriptions, calls,
rights,  convertible  securities,  or other agreements or commitments obligating
P2S  to issue, transfer, or sell any shares of its capital stock. As of the date
hereof,  no  bonds, debentures, notes, or other indebtedness having the right to
vote  (or  convertible  into  or  exercisable for securities having the right to
vote)  on any matters on which shareholders of P2S may vote ("Voting Debt") were
issued  and  outstanding.

     4.3  Authority  Relative  to this Agreement. P2S has the corporate power to
enter  into  this  Agreement  and  to  carry  out its obligations hereunder. The
execution  and  delivery of this Agreement by P2S and the consummation by P2S of
the  transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by its Board of
Directors,  and,  except  for  approval  by  the  requisite  votes cast by P2S's
shareholders  at  the  meeting provided for herein or the Required Stockholders'
Consent,  no  other  corporate  proceedings  on the part of P2S are necessary to
approve  this  Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     4.4  Consents  and  Approvals;  No  Violations.  Except  for  filing  and
recordation  of Articles of Merger under the DGL, no filing with, and no permit,
authorization,  consent,  or  approval  of,  any  public  body  or  authority is
necessary  for  the consummation by P2S of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  Except  as set forth in Section 4.4 of the P2S Schedule, neither the
execution  and  delivery of this Agreement by P2S, nor the consummation by it of
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  nor  compliance by P2S with any of the
provisions  hereof,  shall  (a)  result  in  any  breach  of  the  Articles  of
Incorporation  or  Bylaws  of  P2S,  (b)  result in a violation or breach of, or
constitute  (with  or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or
give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration) under, any
of  the terms, conditions, or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
license,  contract, agreement, or other instrument or obligation to which P2S or
any  of  its  subsidiaries  is  a  party or by which any of them or any of their
properties  or  assets  may be bound or (c) violate any order, writ, injunction,
decree,  statute, rule, or regulation applicable to P2S, any of its subsidiaries
or  any of their properties or assets, except in the case of clauses (b) and (c)
for  violations,  breaches,  or  defaults that would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.

<PAGE>

     4.5  Financial  Statements.  Except  as set forth in Section 4.5 of the P2S
Schedule,  the  audited  balance  sheet dated May 31, 2001 and unaudited balance
sheets  dated  May  31, 2002 and November 30, 2002 (including in the case of the
audited  balance  sheet,  the  related  notes)  fairly  presents in all material
respects  the  consolidated financial position of P2S and its subsidiaries as of
the respective dates thereof, and the other related statements (including in the
case  of  the  audited balance sheet, the related notes) included therein fairly
present  in  all  material  respects  the  results  of  operations,  changes  in
stockholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  of  P2S  and  its  subsidiaries for the
respective  periods  or  as  of  the  respective dates set forth therein, all in
conformity  with  generally  accepted accounting principles consistently applied
during  the  periods involved, except as otherwise noted therein and subject, in
the  case  of  the  unaudited  interim  financial statements, to normal year-end
adjustments  and  any other adjustments described therein and the absence of any
notes  thereto.

     4.6  Absence  of  Certain  Changes or Events; Undisclosed Liabilities.

          (a)  Since  November  30,  2002, except as set forth in Section 4.6 of
               the  P2S  Schedule,  neither P2S nor any of its subsidiaries has:
               (i)  taken  any  of the actions set forth in Sections 6.1 hereof;
                                                            ------------
               (ii)  incurred any liability material to P2S and its subsidiaries
               on  a  consolidated  basis,  except in the ordinary course of its
               business,  consistent  with  past  practices;  (iii)  suffered  a
               change,  or  any  event  involving  a  prospective change, in the
               business,  assets,  financial condition, or results of operations
               of P2S or any of its subsidiaries which has had, or is reasonably
               likely  to  have,  individually  or  in the aggregate, a Material
               Adverse  Effect,  (other  than as a result of changes or proposed
               changes  in federal or state regulations of general applicability
               or  interpretations  thereof,  changes  in  generally  accepted
               accounting  principles,  and  changes  that  could,  under  the
               circumstances,  reasonably  have  been  anticipated  in  light of
               disclosures  made  in writing by P2S to JGUR pursuant hereto); or
              (iv) subsequent to the date hereof, except as permitted by Section
                                                                         -------
               6.1  than  in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
               ---
               past  practices.

          (b)  Neither  P2S  nor  any of its subsidiaries has any liability (and
               there  is  no  basis  for  any  present  or  future action, suit,
               proceeding,  hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or
               demand against any of them giving rising to any liability) except
               for  (i)  liabilities  set  forth on the face of the November 30,
               2002  balance  sheet  and (ii) liabilities which have risen after
               the  November  30,  2002  balance sheet in the ordinary course of
               business  (none  of which is material or results from, arises out
               of,  relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach
               of  contract,  tort,  infringement,  or  violation  of  law).

<PAGE>

     4.7  Litigation. Except as set forth in Section 4.7 of the P2S Schedule,
as  of  the  date  of this Agreement, (i) there is no action, suit, judicial, or
administrative  proceeding, arbitration or investigation pending or, to the best
knowledge  of  P2S,  threatened  against  or  involving  P2S  or  any  of  its
subsidiaries,  or  any  of  their  properties  or  rights,  before  any  court,
arbitrator,  or  administrative or governmental body; (ii) there is no judgment,
decree,  injunction,  rule,  or  order  of  any  court, governmental department,
commission,  agency,  instrumentality,  or arbitrator outstanding against P2S or
any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) P2S and its subsidiaries are not in violation
of  any  term  of  any  judgments,  decrees,  injunctions, or orders outstanding
against  them.  P2S  has  furnished  to  JGUR in writing, a copy of which is set
forth  in  Section  4.7  of  the  P2S Schedule, a description of all litigation,
actions,  suits,  proceedings,  arbitrations,  investigations  known  to  it,
judgments,  decrees,  injunctions  or  orders pending; or to its best knowledge,
threatened  against or involving P2S or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
properties  or  rights  as  of  the  date  hereof.

     4.8     Contracts.

          (a)  Each  of  the  material contracts, instruments, mortgages, notes,
               security  agreements,  leases,  agreements,  or  understandings,
               whether  written or oral, to which P2S or any of its subsidiaries
               is a party that relates to or affects the assets or operations of
               P2S  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries or to which P2S or any of its
               subsidiaries  or  their  respective  assets  or operations may be
               bound  or subject is a valid and binding obligation of P2S and in
               full  force  and effect (with respect to P2S or such subsidiary),
               except for where the failure to be in full force and effect would
               not,  individually  or  in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
               Effect.  Section 4.8(a) of the P2S Schedule sets forth a complete
               list  of all material contracts. For purposes of this Agreement a
               material  contract  shall  be  any  contract  or agreement, which
               involves consideration in excess of $25,000. Except to the extent
               that  the  consummation  of the transactions contemplated by this
               Agreement  may require the consent of third parties, as disclosed
               in the P2S Schedule, there are no existing defaults by P2S or any
               of  its  subsidiaries  thereunder or, to the knowledge of P2S, by
               any  other  party thereto, which defaults, individually or in the
               aggregate,  would have a Material Adverse Effect; and no event of
               default  has  occurred,  and  no  event, condition, or occurrence
               exists,  that  (whether with or without notice, lapse of time, or
               the  happening or occurrence of any other event) would constitute
               a  default  by  P2S  or  any of its subsidiaries thereunder which
               default  would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
               Adverse  Effect.

          (b)  Except  for  this Agreement and those set forth on Section 4.8(b)
               of the P2S Schedule, neither P2S nor any of its subsidiaries is a
               party  to  any  oral  or  written  (i)  consulting  agreement not
               terminable  on  60  days' or less notice requiring the payment of
               more  than  $25,000  per annum, in the case of any such agreement
               with  an  individual;  (ii)  joint  venture  agreement;  (iii)
               noncompetition  or  similar  agreements that restricts P2S or its
               subsidiaries  from engaging in a line of business; (iv) agreement
               with  any  executive  officer  or  other  employee  of P2S or any
               subsidiary  the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of
               which  are  materially  altered,  upon  the  occurrence  of  a
               transaction  involving  P2S  of  the  nature contemplated by this
               Agreement  and  which  provides  for  the payment of in excess of
               $10,000;  (v)  agreement with respect to any executive officer of
               P2S  or  any  subsidiary  providing  any  term  of  employment or
               compensation  guaranty  in  excess  of $15,000 per annum; or (vi)
               agreement  or  plan,  including  any  stock  option  plan,  stock
               appreciation  rights  plan,  restricted  stock  plan,  or  stock
               purchase  plan,  any of the benefits of which shall be increased,
               or  the vesting of the benefits of which shall be accelerated, by
               the  occurrence  of  any of the transactions contemplated by this
               Agreement  or  the value of any of the benefits of which shall be
               calculated  on  the basis of any of the transactions contemplated
               by  this  Agreement.

<PAGE>

          (c)  Except  as  set  forth in Section 4.8(c) of the P2S Schedule, all
               employment,  consulting, stock option or other similar agreements
               of  P2S and subsidiaries will be terminated at the Effective Time
               and no obligations or liabilities of P2S or its subsidiaries will
               exist  thereunder  or  as  the  result  of  such  termination  or
               otherwise.

     4.9  Employee  Benefit  Plans.

          (a)  Disclosed  in  Section  4.9  of  the  P2S  Schedule is a true and
               complete  list  of each written employee benefit plan (including,
               without  limitation,  any  "employee  benefit plan" as defined in
               Section  3(3)  of  the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
               1974,  as  amended  ("ERISA"))  policy  or  agreement  that  is
               maintained  (all of the foregoing, the "Benefit Plans"), or is or
               was  contributed  to  by P2S or any trade or business, whether or
               not  incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), which together with P2S
               would be deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of Section
               4001  of  the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
               amended  ("ERISA").  A  copy of each Benefit Plan as currently in
               effect  and,  if  applicable, the most recent Annual Report (Form
               5500  Series),  Actuarial  Report  or  Valuation,  Summary  Plan
               Description,  Trust  Agreement, and a Determination Letter issued
               by  the  IRS for each Benefit Plan have heretofore been delivered
               to  JGUR.  No Benefit Plan was or is subject to Title IV of ERISA
               or  Section  412 of the Code (including any "multiemployer plan,"
               as  defined  in  Section  3(37)  of  ERISA).

          (b)  Each  of  the  Benefit  Plans  that  are  subject  to ERISA is in
               substantial  compliance  with  ERISA;  each  of the Benefit Plans
               intended  to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401 (a)
               of  the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") is
               so  qualified; and no event has occurred, and to P2S's knowledge,
               there  exists no condition or set of circumstances, in connection
               with  which  P2S or any ERISA Affiliate is or could be subject to
               liability  (except  liability  for  benefit  claims  and  funding
               obligations  payable  in  the  ordinary  course) under ERISA, the
               Code,  or  any  other  applicable law with respect to any Benefit
               Plan.

     4.10  Taxes.  For  the  purposes  of  this section, the term "tax" shall
include  all  taxes,  charges, withholdings, fees, levies, penalties, additions,
interest,  or  other assessments imposed by any United States federal, state, or
local  authority  or  any  other  taxing  authority  on  P2S  or  any of its Tax
Affiliates  (as  hereinafter  defined)  as  to  their respective income, profit,
franchise,  gross  receipts,  payroll, sales, employment, worker's compensation,
use,  property,  withholding, excise, occupancy, environmental, and other taxes,
duties,  or  assessments  of  any  nature,  whatsoever.  Except  as set forth in
Section 4.10 of the P2S Schedule, P2S has filed or caused to be filed timely all
material  federal, state, local, and foreign tax returns required to be filed by
each  of  its  and any member of its consolidated, combined, unitary, or similar
group  (each  such  member a "Tax Affiliate").  Such returns, reports, and other
information are accurate and complete in all material respects.  P2S has paid or
caused  to  be paid or has made adequate provision or set up an adequate accrual
or  reserve  for  the  payment  of,  all taxes shown to be due in respect of the
periods  for  which  returns are due, and has established (or shall establish at
least  quarterly)  an  adequate  accrual or reserve for the payment of all taxes
payable in respect of the period subsequent to the last of said periods required
to be so accrued or reserved.  Neither P2S nor any of its Tax Affiliates has any
material  liability  for  taxes  in  excess of the amount so paid or accruals or
reserves  so  established.  Except  as  set  forth  in  Section  4.10 of the P2S
Schedule, neither P2S nor any of its Tax Affiliates is delinquent in the payment
of  any  tax  in  excess  of  the  amount  reserved or provided therefor, and no
deficiencies  for  any  tax, assessment, or governmental charge in excess of the
amount reserved or provided therefor have been threatened, claimed, proposed, or
assessed.  No  waiver or extension of time to assess any taxes has been given or
requested.  The Internal Revenue Service or comparable state agencies have never
audited  P2S's  federal  and  state  income  tax  returns.

<PAGE>

     4.11 Compliance With Applicable Law. P2S and each of its subsidiaries holds
all  material  licenses,  franchises,  permits,  variances,  exemptions, orders,
approvals,  and  authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of its business
under  and  pursuant to, and the business of each of P2S and its subsidiaries is
not  being  conducted  in  violation  of, any provision of any material federal,
state,  local,  or  foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment,
decree,  order,  concession,  grant,  franchise,  permit  or  license,  or other
governmental  authorization  or  approval  applicable  to  P2S  or  any  of  its
subsidiaries.

     4.12  Subsidiaries.  Section  4.12  of  the  P2S  Schedule  lists  all  the
subsidiaries of P2S as of the date of this Agreement and indicates for each such
corporate  or  limited  liability  company  subsidiary  as  of  such  date  the
jurisdiction  of incorporation or organization. All of the outstanding shares of
capital stock or other equity interests of each of the subsidiaries are (i) held
by  P2S  or  one  of  such  wholly-owned  subsidiaries;  (ii)  fully  paid  and
non-assessable;  and (iii) owned by P2S or one of such wholly owned subsidiaries
free  and  clear  of  any  claim,  lien,  or  encumbrance.

     4.13  Intellectual  Property.

          (a)  Except  to the extent that the inaccuracy of any of the following
               (or  the  circumstances  giving rise to such inaccuracy) does not
               have  or  could  not  reasonably  be  expected to have a Material
               Adverse  Effect:

               (i)  P2S  and  each  of  its subsidiaries owns, or is licensed or
                    otherwise  has the legally enforceable right to use (in each
                    case,  clear  of any liens or encumbrances of any kind), all
                    Intellectual  Property  (as  hereinafter defined) used in or
                    necessary  for  the  conduct  of  its  business as currently
                    conducted;

               (ii) no  claims  are  pending  or,  to the best knowledge of P2S,
                    threatened that P2S or any of its subsidiaries is infringing
                    on  or  otherwise  violating  the  rights of any person with
                    regard  to  any  Intellectual  Property  used  by, owned by,
                    and/or  licensed  to  P2S or any of its subsidiaries and, to
                    the  best  knowledge  of P2S, there are no valid grounds for
                    any  such  claims;

               (iii)  except  as  set  forth on Schedule 4.13(a)(iii) of the P2S
                    Schedule,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  P2S,  no  person is
                    infringing on or otherwise violating any right of P2S or any
                    of  its  subsidiaries  with  respect  to  any  Intellectual
                    Property  owned  by  and/or  licensed  to  P2S or any of its
                    subsidiaries;

<PAGE>

               (iv) to the best knowledge of P2S, there are no valid grounds for
                    any  claim  challenging  the  ownership  or  validity of any
                    Intellectual  Property  owned  by  P2S  or  any  of  its
                    subsidiaries  or  challenging  P2S's  or  any  of  its
                    subsidiaries'  license  or  legally enforceable right to use
                    any  Intellectual  Property  licensed  by  it;  and

               (v)  to  the  best  knowledge  of  P2S,  all  patents, registered
                    trademarks,  service  marks,  and copyrights held by P2S and
                    each  of  its  subsidiaries  are  valid  and  subsisting.

          (b)  For  purposes  of  this  Agreement, "Intellectual Property" means
               trademarks  (registered  or  unregistered),  service marks, brand
               names,  certification  marks,  trade  dress, assumed names, trade
               names,  and  other indications of origin, the goodwill associated
               with  the foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and
               applications  in  any  jurisdiction  to  register, the foregoing,
               including  any  extension,  modification  or  renewal of any such
               registration  or  application; inventions, discoveries and ideas,
               whether  patented,  patentable, or not in any jurisdiction; trade
               secrets  and  confidential  information  and  rights  in  any
               jurisdiction  to  limit  the  use  or  disclosure  thereof by any
               person;  writings  and  other  works  of  authorship,  whether
               copyrighted,  copyrightable,  or  not  in  any  jurisdiction;
               registration  or  applications  for registration of copyrights in
               any  jurisdiction,  and  any  renewals or extensions thereof; any
               similar  intellectual property or proprietary rights and computer
               programs  and  software  (including source code, object code, and
               data);  licenses,  immunities, covenants not to sue, and the like
               relating  to  the  foregoing;  and any claims or causes of action
               arising out of or related to any infringement or misappropriation
               of  any  of  the  foregoing.

     Section  4.13(c) of the P2S Schedule sets forth a list of all domain names,
tradenames,  copyrights  and  trademarks owned by P2S. P2S has full and complete
ownership  of  all  domain  names.

     4.14     Disclosure  of  the  Representations  and  Warranties.  The
representations  and  warranties  in this Section 4 do not knowingly contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in  order  to make the statements and information contained in this Section 4 in
light  of  the  circumstances  when  made  not  misleading.

     4.15  P2S Shareholders. Shareholders of P2S are either accredited investors
as  such  term  is defined in the Securities Act of 1933 as amended or have such
knowledge  and  experience in financial and business matters that are capable of
evaluating  the  merits and risk of investment in JGUR. The number of accredited
investors  and  non-accredited,  sophisticated  investors  are  as  set forth in
Section  4.15  of the P2S Schedule. To its knowledge the shares are being issued
to all P2S shareholders pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(2) and Rule 506
of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933.

     4.16  Shareholder  Approval. P2S has obtained the consent to this Agreement
and the transactions reflected hereby of a majority of the P2S Shareholders, who
are  "accredited  investors,"  and as listed on Schedule 4.16 has agreed to vote
their Shares in favor of the Merger, all as reflected in the agreement among P2S
and  the  P2S  Shareholders  included  in  the  P2S  Schedule.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF JGUR

     JGUR  represents  and  warrants, with respect to JGUR and its subsidiaries,
which  as  of  the  Effective  Time  shall  include  Acquisition  Sub, except as
disclosed  to  P2S  in  the  JGUR  Schedule of Exceptions (the "JGUR Schedule"),
attached  hereto  and  incorporated  herein  by  this  reference,  as  follows:

     5.1  Organization.  Each  of  JGUR and its subsidiaries is a corporation
duly  organized,  validly  existing,  and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction  of  incorporation  and  has  the  corporate  power to carry on its
business  as  it  is  now being conducted or presently proposed to be conducted.
Each  of JGUR and its subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to
do business, and is in good standing (to the extent the concept of good standing
exists),  in  each  jurisdiction  where the character of its properties owned or
held  under  lease  or  the  nature  of  its activities makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified shall not have a Material
Adverse  Effect.

     5.2  Capitalization.

          (a)  As  of  the  date  hereof,  the  authorized capital stock of JGUR
               consists  of  100,000,000  shares  of  common stock and 1,000,000
               shares  of  preferred stock. As of the date hereof, the number of
               shares of JGUR common stock outstanding are 15,510,000. There are
               no  shares  of  preferred  stock  outstanding  or  designated.
               Immediately prior to the Effective Time, there will be 12,860,000
               shares of capital stock issued and outstanding. All of the issued
               and  outstanding  shares of the capital stock of JGUR are validly
               issued,  fully  paid,  and  non-assessable and free of preemptive
               rights  or  similar  rights  created  by statute, the Articles of
               Incorporation or Bylaws of JGUR or any agreement by which JGUR or
               any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound. There
               are  not,  as  of  the  date  of  this  Agreement,  any issued or
               outstanding  options,  warrants,  subscriptions,  calls,  rights,
               convertible  securities,  or  other  agreements  or  commitments
               obligating  JGUR  to  issue,  transfer, or sell any shares of its
               capital  stock.

          (b)  As of the date hereof, JGUR has no assets nor liabilities and all
               previously  outstanding  promissory  notes  and  other  forms  of
               indebtedness  issued  by  JGUR  have  been waived and forgiven by
               their  holders except for its equity interest in First Responder.

          (c)  As  of  the  date hereof, JGUR has no cash or cash equivalents on
               deposit  with  its  banks  or  in  accounts  maintained  with its
               brokers.

     5.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement.  JGUR has the corporate power
to  enter  into  this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder.  The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by JGUR and the consummation by JGUR of
the  transactions  contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by its Board of
Directors,  no  other corporate proceedings on the part of JGUR are necessary to
approve  this  Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

<PAGE>

     5.4  Consents  and  Approvals;  No  Violations.  Except  for  applicable
requirements,  the  Securities  Act  of  1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of
1934,  state  law relating to takeovers, if applicable, state securities or blue
sky laws, and, as applicable, filing and recordation of Articles of Merger under
the  DGL, no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent, or approval of,
any  public  body  or authority is necessary for the consummation by JGUR of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. Neither the execution and delivery
of  this  Agreement  by  JGUR,  nor  the  consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated  hereby,  nor compliance by JGUR with any of the provisions hereof,
shall  (a)  result  in  any breach of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
JGUR, (b) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due
notice  or  lapse  of  time  or  both)  a  default (or give rise to any right of
termination, cancellation, or acceleration) under, any of the terms, conditions,
or  provisions  of  any  note,  bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  license, contract,
agreement,  or  other  instrument  or  obligation  to  which  JGUR or any of its
subsidiaries  is  a  party or by which any of them or any of their properties or
assets may be bound or (c) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute,
rule,  or regulation applicable to JGUR, any of its subsidiaries or any of their
properties  or assets, except in the case of clauses (b) and (c) for violations,
breaches,  or  defaults  that  would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     5.5 Financial Statements. The audited balance sheet dated December 31, 2001
and  the unaudited balance sheet dated September 30, 2002 (including in the case
of  the audited balance sheet, the related notes) fairly present in all material
respects  the consolidated financial position of JGUR and its subsidiaries as of
the respective dates thereof, and the other related statements (including in the
case  of  the  audited balance sheet, the related notes) included therein fairly
present  in  all  material  respects  the  results  of  operations,  changes  in
stockholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  of  JGUR  and  its subsidiaries for the
respective  periods  or  as  of  the  respective dates set forth therein, all in
conformity  with  generally  accepted accounting principles consistently applied
during  the  periods involved, except as otherwise noted therein and subject, in
the  case  of  the  unaudited  interim  financial statements, to normal year-end
adjustments  and  any other adjustments described therein and the absence of any
notes  thereto.

     5.6  Absence  of  Certain  Changes  or  Events;  Undisclosed  Liabilities.

          (a)  Except  as  set  forth in Section 5.6 of the JGUR Schedule, since
               September 30, 2002, neither JGUR nor any of its subsidiaries has:
               (i)  taken  any  of the actions set forth in Sections 6.2 hereof;
                                                           -------------
               (ii) incurred any liability material to JGUR and its subsidiaries
               on  a  consolidated  basis,  except in the ordinary course of its
               business,  consistent  with  past  practices;  (iii)  suffered  a
               change,  or  any  event  involving  a  prospective change, in the
               business,  assets,  financial condition, or results of operations
               of  JGUR  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  which  has  had,  or is
               reasonably  likely  to  have, individually or in the aggregate, a
               Material  Adverse  Effect,  (other than as a result of changes or
               proposed  changes  in  federal  or  state  regulations of general
               applicability  or  interpretations  thereof, changes in generally
               accepted accounting principles, and changes that could, under the
               circumstances,  reasonably  have  been  anticipated  in  light of
               disclosures  made in writing by JGUR to JGUR pursuant hereto); or
               (iv)  subsequent  to  the  date  hereof,  except  as permitted by
               Section  6.1  hereof, conducted its business and operations other
               ------------
               than  in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
               practices.

<PAGE>

          (b)  Neither  JGUR  nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability (and
               there  is  no  basis  for  any  present  or  future action, suit,
               proceeding,  hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or
               demand against any of them giving rising to any liability) except
               for (i) liability set forth on the face of the September 30, 2002
               balance  sheet  and  (ii)  at  the  Effective  Time  will have no
               tangible  or intangible liabilities or assets, except as mutually
               agreed  to  by  JGUR  and  P2S  as  set forth on Schedule 5.6(b).

     5.7  Litigation.  As  of  the  date  of  this Agreement, (i) there is no
action,  suit,  judicial,  or  administrative  proceeding,  arbitration  or
investigation  pending  or, to the best knowledge of JGUR, threatened against or
involving JGUR or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their properties or rights,
before any court, arbitrator, or administrative or governmental body; (ii) there
is  no  judgment,  decree, injunction, rule, or order of any court, governmental
department,  commission,  agency,  instrumentality,  or  arbitrator  outstanding
against JGUR or any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) JGUR and its subsidiaries are
not  in  violation of any term of any judgments, decrees, injunctions, or orders
outstanding  against  them.

     5.8  Taxes.  For  the  purposes  of  this  section, the term "tax" shall
include  all  taxes,  charges, withholdings, fees, levies, penalties, additions,
interest,  or  other assessments imposed by any United States federal, state, or
local  authority  or  any  other  taxing  authority  on  JGUR  or any of its Tax
Affiliates  (as  hereinafter  defined)  as  to  their respective income, profit,
franchise,  gross  receipts,  payroll, sales, employment, worker's compensation,
use,  property,  withholding, excise, occupancy, environmental, and other taxes,
duties,  or  assessments of any nature, whatsoever.  JGUR has filed or caused to
be  filed  timely  all  material  federal, state, local, and foreign tax returns
required  to  be  filed  by  each  of  its  and  any member of its consolidated,
combined,  unitary, or similar group (each such member a "Tax Affiliate").  Such
returns,  reports,  and  other  information  are  accurate  and  complete in all
material  respects.  JGUR  has  paid  or  caused to be paid or has made adequate
provision or set up an adequate accrual or reserve for the payment of, all taxes
shown  to  be  due  in respect of the periods for which returns are due, and has
established  (or  shall  establish  at  least  quarterly) an adequate accrual or
reserve for the payment of all taxes payable in respect of the period subsequent
to the last of said periods required to be so accrued or reserved.  Neither JGUR
nor  any of its Tax Affiliates has any material liability for taxes in excess of
the  amount so paid or accruals or reserves so established. Neither JGUR nor any
of  its  Tax Affiliates is delinquent in the payment of any tax in excess of the
amount  reserved  or  provided  therefor,  and  no  deficiencies  for  any  tax,
assessment,  or governmental charge in excess of the amount reserved or provided
therefor  have  been  threatened,  claimed, proposed, or assessed.  No waiver or
extension of time to assess any taxes has been given or requested.  The Internal
Revenue  Service  or comparable state agencies have never audited JGUR's federal
and  state  income  tax  returns.

     5.9  Compliance  With  Applicable Law. JGUR and each of its subsidiaries
holds  all  licenses,  franchises,  permits,  variances,  exemptions,  orders,
approvals,  and  authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of its business
under  and pursuant to, and the business of each of JGUR and its subsidiaries is
not being conducted in violation of, any provision of any federal, state, local,
or  foreign  statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order,
concession,  grant,  franchise,  permit  or  license,  or  other  governmental
authorization  or  approval  applicable  to  JGUR  or  any  of its subsidiaries.

<PAGE>

     5.10  Reports  and  Financial  Statements.  JGUR  has  filed all reports
required  to  be  filed  by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act for the
past  three  years  (collectively,  the  "JGUR SEC Reports"), and has previously
furnished or made available to P2S true and complete copies of all such JGUR SEC
Reports.  None  of  such  JGUR  SEC  Reports,  as  of their respective dates (as
amended or supplemented through the date hereof), contained any untrue statement
of  a  material  fact  or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein  or  necessary  to  make  the  statements  therein,  in  light  of  the
circumstances  under  which they were made, not misleading.  Each of the balance
sheets  (including  the  related  notes) included in the JGUR SEC Reports fairly
presents  in  all  material respects the consolidated financial position of JGUR
and  its  subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof, and the other related
statements  (including the related notes) included therein fairly present in all
material  respects  the  results  of  operations  and cash flows of JGUR and its
subsidiaries  for the respective periods or as of the respective dates set forth
therein,  all  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles
consistently  applied  during  the  periods  involved, except as otherwise noted
therein.

     5.11  Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the JGUR
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, since September 30, 2002,
neither  JGUR  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  has:  (a) incurred any liability
material  to  JGUR  and  its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, except in the
ordinary  course of its business, consistent with past practices; (b) suffered a
change,  or  any  event involving a prospective change, in the business, assets,
financial condition, or results of operations of JGUR or any of its subsidiaries
which  has  had,  or  is  reasonably  likely  to  have,  individually  or in the
aggregate,  a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  (other than as a result of changes or
proposed  changes  in  federal  or state regulations of general applicability or
interpretations  thereof,  changes  in generally accepted accounting principles,
and  changes  that  could,  under  the  circumstances,  reasonably  have  been
anticipated  in  light  of  disclosures  made in writing by JGUR to P2S pursuant
hereto).

     5.12 OTCBB Listing. JGUR currently meets and as of the Effective Time, will
meet the requirements for continued listing of its shares of common stock on the
Over  the  Counter  Bulletin  Board.

     5.13  Shareholder  Approval. Acquisition Sub has obtained the consent to
this  Agreement  and  the  transactions  reflected  hereby  of a majority of its
Shareholders.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     6.1  Conduct of P2S's Business Pending the Merger. P2S agrees on its own
behalf  and  on behalf of its subsidiaries that, during the period from the date
of  this  Agreement  and  continuing  until  the  Effective  Time:

          (a)  except as set forth in Schedule 6.1, the respective businesses of
               P2S  and its subsidiaries shall be conducted only in the ordinary
               and  usual course of business and consistent with past practices;

          (b)  P2S and its subsidiaries shall not (i) sell or pledge or agree to
               sell  or pledge any stock owned by it in any of its subsidiaries;
               (ii)  amend  its  Articles  of  Incorporation or Bylaws; or (iii)
               split,  combine,  or  reclassify  any  shares  of its outstanding
               capital stock or declare, set aside, or pay any dividend or other
               distribution  payable  in  cash, stock, or property in respect of
               its capital stock, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase, or
               otherwise  acquire  any  shares  of  its  capital  stock or other
               securities  or shares of the capital stock or other securities of
               any  of  its  subsidiaries;

          (c)  P2S  and  its  subsidiaries shall not (i) authorize for issuance,
               issue,  sell,  pledge, dispose of, encumber, deliver, or agree or
               commit  to  issue, sell, pledge, or deliver any additional shares
               (including  any  shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, stock
               options  or  other  contractual obligations) of, or rights of any
               kind  to acquire any shares of, its capital stock of any class or
               exchangeable into shares of stock of any class or any Voting Debt
               (whether  through  the issuance or granting of options, warrants,
               commitments,  subscriptions,  rights  to purchase, or otherwise);
               (ii)  acquire,  dispose  of,  transfer, lease, license, mortgage,
               pledge,  or  encumber any fixed or other substantial assets other
               than  in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
               practices;  (iii)  incur,  assume,  or  prepay  any  material
               indebtedness,  liability,  or  obligation  or  any other material
               liabilities  or  issue  any  debt  securities  other  than in the
               ordinary  course  of business and consistent with past practices;
               (iv)  assume,  guarantee,  endorse, or otherwise become liable or
               responsible  (whether  directly,  contingently, or otherwise) for
               the  obligations  any other person (other than a subsidiary) in a
               material amount other than in the ordinary course of business and
               consistent  with  past  practices;  (v)  make any material loans,
               advances,  or  capital  contributions  to, or investments in, any
               other  person,  other  than  to  subsidiaries,  other than in the
               ordinary  course  of business and consistent with past practices;
               (vi)  fail  to  maintain  adequate insurance consistent with past
               practices  for  their  businesses  and properties; or (vii) enter
               into  any  contract,  agreement,  commitment, or arrangement with
               respect  to  any  of  the  foregoing;

          (d)  P2S  shall  preserve  intact the business organization of P2S and
               its subsidiaries, to keep available the services of its and their
               present  officers and key employees, and to preserve the goodwill
               of  those  having  business  relationships  with  it  and  their
               respective  subsidiaries;  provided,  however,  that no breach of
                                          --------   --------
               this  covenant  shall  be deemed to have occurred if a failure to
               comply  with this Section 6.1(d) occurs as a result of any matter
                                 -------------
               arising  out  of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

<PAGE>

          (e)  P2S  and its subsidiaries shall not knowingly take or allow to be
               taken  or  fail  to  take  any action which act or omission would
               jeopardize  qualification  of  the  Merger  as a "reorganization"
               within  the  meaning  of  Section  368  of  the  Code;  and

          (f)  P2S  and  its  subsidiaries  shall  use all reasonable efforts to
               prevent  any  representation  or  warranty  of  P2S  herein  from
               becoming  untrue  or  incorrect  in  any  material  respect.

     6.2  Conduct  of  JGUR's Business Pending the Merger. JGUR agrees on its
own  behalf  and  on behalf of its subsidiaries that, during the period from the
date  of  this  Agreement  and  continuing  until  the  Effective  Time:

          (a)  the  respective  businesses of JGUR and its subsidiaries shall be
               conducted  only  in the ordinary and usual course of business and
               consistent  with  past  practices;

          (b)  JGUR  and  its  subsidiaries  shall  not  except  as set forth on
               Schedule  6.2(a),  (i)  sell or pledge or agree to sell or pledge
               any  stock owned by it in any of its subsidiaries; (ii) amend its
               Articles  of Incorporation or Bylaws; or (iii) split, combine, or
               reclassify  any  shares  of  its  outstanding  capital  stock  or
               declare,  set  aside,  or  pay any dividend or other distribution
               payable  in  cash,  stock,  or property in respect of its capital
               stock,  or  directly or indirectly redeem, purchase, or otherwise
               acquire  any  shares  of its capital stock or other securities or
               shares  of  the  capital  stock or other securities of any of its
               subsidiaries;

          (c)  JGUR  and  its  subsidiaries  shall  not  except  as set forth on
               Schedule 6.2(c), (i) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, pledge,
               dispose of, encumber, deliver, or agree or commit to issue, sell,
               pledge,  or  deliver  any  additional shares of, or rights of any
               kind  to acquire any shares of, its capital stock of any class or
               exchangeable into shares of stock of any class or any Voting Debt
               (whether  through  the issuance or granting of options, warrants,
               commitments,  subscriptions,  rights  to purchase, or otherwise),
               except  that  JGUR  may  issue  Shares required to be issued upon
               exercise  of  existing stock options, warrants, or similar plans,
               or  under  other  contractual  commitments previously made, which
               options,  warrants,  plans, or commitments have been disclosed in
               writing  to  JGUR in the JGUR Schedule; (ii) acquire, dispose of,
               transfer, lease, license, mortgage, pledge, or encumber any fixed
               or  other substantial assets other than in the ordinary course of
               business and consistent with past practices; (iii) incur, assume,
               or  prepay any material indebtedness, liability, or obligation or
               any other material liabilities or issue any debt securities other
               than  in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
               practices;  (iv)  assume, guarantee, endorse, or otherwise become
               liable  or  responsible  (whether  directly,  contingently,  or
               otherwise)  for  the  obligations  any other person (other than a
               subsidiary)  in  a  material  amount  other  than in the ordinary
               course  of  business and consistent with past practices; (v) make
               any  material  loans,  advances,  or capital contributions to, or
               investments  in,  any  other  person, other than to subsidiaries,
               other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
               past  practices;  (vi)  fail  to  maintain  adequate  insurance
               consistent  with  past  practices  for  their  businesses  and
               properties;  or  (vii)  enter  into  any  contract,  agreement,
               commitment,  or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing;

<PAGE>

          (d)  JGUR  shall preserve intact the business organization of JGUR and
               its subsidiaries, to keep available the services of its and their
               present  officers and key employees, and to preserve the goodwill
               of  those  having  business  relationships  with  it  and  their
               respective  subsidiaries;  provided,  however,  that no breach of
                                          --------   -------
               this  covenant  shall  be deemed to have occurred if a failure to
               comply  with this Section 6.2(d) occurs as a result of any matter
                                --------------
               arising  out  of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

          (e)  JGUR and its subsidiaries shall not knowingly take or allow to be
               taken  or  fail  to  take  any action which act or omission would
               jeopardize  qualification  of  the  Merger  as a "reorganization"
               within  the  meaning  of  Section  368  of  the  Code;  and

          (f)  JGUR  and  its  subsidiaries  shall use all reasonable efforts to
               prevent  any  representation  or  warranty  of  JGUR  herein from
               becoming  untrue  or  incorrect  in  any  material  respect.

     6.3  Current  Information.  From  the  date  of  this  Agreement  to the
Effective Time, P2S shall cause one or more of its designated representatives to
confer  on  a  regular  and  frequent  basis with representatives of JGUR and to
report  the  general  status  of  its  ongoing operations and to deliver to JGUR
monthly  unaudited  consolidated  balance  sheets  and  related  consolidated
statements  of  income  for  the  period  since the last such report.  P2S shall
promptly  notify  the  others  of  any  material  change in the normal course of
business  or  in  its  or  its  subsidiaries'  properties.

     6.4 Legal Conditions to Merger. Each of JGUR and P2S shall, and shall cause
their  subsidiaries  to,  use all reasonable efforts (a) to take, or cause to be
taken,  all  actions  necessary  to  comply promptly with all legal requirements
which  may  be  imposed  on  such  party or its subsidiaries with respect to the
Merger  and  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement,
subject  to  the  appropriate vote or consent of shareholders, and (b) to obtain
(and  to  cooperate  with the other party to obtain) any consent, authorization,
order  or  approval  of, or any exemption by, any governmental entity and/or any
other  public or private third party which is required to be obtained or made by
such  party  or  any  of  its subsidiaries in connection with the Merger and the
transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement; provided, however, that a party
                                                 --------  -------
shall  not  be  obligated  to take any action pursuant to the
foregoing  if  the  taking of such action or such compliance or the obtaining of
such  consent,  authorization,  order,  approval,  or  exemption  would, in such
party's  reasonable  opinion, (i) be materially burdensome to such party and its
subsidiaries  taken as a whole or impact in such a materially adverse manner the
economic  or business benefit of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
as  to  render inadvisable the consummation of the Merger, or (ii) result in the
imposition  of  a  condition  or  restriction  on such party or on the Surviving
Corporation  of  the  type  referred  to in Section 8.1(c). Each of JGUR and P2S
                                            -------------
shall  promptly  cooperate  with and furnish information to the
other  in  connection  with  any such burden suffered by, or requirement imposed
upon, any of them or any of their subsidiaries in connection with the foregoing.

     6.5  Advice  of  Changes;  Government Filings. Each party shall confer on a
regular  and  frequent  basis  with the other, report on operational matters and
promptly  advise  the other orally and in writing of any change or event having,
or  which, insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, could have, a Material Adverse
Effect on such party or which would cause or constitute a material breach of any
of the representations, warranties, or covenants of such party contained herein.
Each  Company  shall  file  all reports required by regulation to be filed by it
with the SEC between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time and shall
deliver  to  the  other party copies of all such reports promptly after the same
are  filed. Except where prohibited by applicable statutes and regulations, each
party shall promptly provide the other (or its counsel) with copies of all other
filings  made  by  such  party  with  any  state or federal government entity in
connection  with  this  Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     7.1     Access  and  Information.

          (a)  P2S  and  JGUR  shall afford to the other party and its financial
               advisors,  legal  counsel,  accountants,  consultants,  and other
               representatives  access  during  normal business hours throughout
               the  period from the date hereof to thirty days subsequent to the
               date hereof to all of its books, records, properties, facilities,
               personnel  commitments, and records (including but not limited to
               Tax Returns) and, during such period, each shall furnish promptly
               all  information  concerning  its  business,  properties,  and
               personnel as such other party may reasonably request in order for
               such other party to fully investigate the business and affairs of
               P2S  or  JGUR,  as  applicable  prior  to the Effective Time (the
               "Inspection").

          (b)  All  information  furnished  by  a party pursuant hereto shall be
               treated  as  the  sole  property  of  the  furnishing party until
               consummation  of  the  Merger  contemplated  hereby.

     7.2  Public Announcements.  So long as this Agreement is in effect, each
Company  agrees  that  it  shall obtain the approval of the other party prior to
issuing  any  press  release  and shall use its best efforts to consult with the
others  before  otherwise making any public statement or responding to any press
inquiry  with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby,
except  as may be required by law or any governmental agency if required by such
agency  or  the  rules  of  the  Nasdaq  Stock  Market.

     7.3  Expenses.  Subject to Section 9.2 hereof, whether or not the Merger is
                                -----------
consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement  and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by
the  party  incurring  such  expenses.

     7.4  Additional  Covenants  .

          (a)  Subject  to  the  terms and conditions herein provided, including
               without  limitation those set forth in the proviso to Section 6.4
                                                                     -----------
               hereof,  each  of the parties hereto agrees to use all reasonable
               efforts  to  take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or
               cause  to  be  done,  all  things necessary, proper, or advisable
               under  applicable  laws  and  regulations  to consummate and make
               effective  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement,
               including  using  all  reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary
               waivers,  consents,  and  approvals,  and to effect all necessary
               registrations  and  filings.  In  case  at  any  time  after  the
               Effective  Time  any  further action is necessary or desirable to
               carry  out  the  purposes  of this Agreement, the proper officers
               and/or  directors  of the Companies shall take all such necessary
               action.

<PAGE>

          (b)  Subject  to  the  terms and conditions herein provided, including
               without  limitation those set forth in the proviso to Section 6.4
                                                                     -----------
               hereof,  each Company shall cooperate with the others and use all
               reasonable  efforts  to  prepare  all  necessary documentation to
               effect promptly all necessary filings and to obtain all necessary
               permits,  consents,  approvals,  orders, and authorizations of or
               any  exemptions  by,  all  third  parties and governmental bodies
               necessary  to  consummate  the  transactions contemplated by this
               Agreement.

     7.5  Registration Requirement. After the Effective Time, JGUR shall file
with  the  Securities  and Exchange Commission, a registration statement on Form
SB-2  (the  "Form SB-2") when it has capital which places JGUR at least 3 months
ahead  of the Funding Timetable.  The Form SB-2 shall seek to register 5,000,000
shares  of  JGUR Common Stock listed on Schedule 7.5, one-half of which are held
by  shareholders  of  JGUR prior to the Effective Time and one-half of which are
held by JGUR shareholders who were P2S shareholders prior to the Effective Time.
If  at  any time prior to the Form SB-2 being declared effective, JGUR's capital
declines  to  the  point  that  it  has  less  than $300,000 in funds, including
available  lines  of credit, then JGUR may seek to raise additional capital in a
form  that  does  not  require the Form SB-2 to be amended or integrate with the
existing  Form SB-2.  If JGUR's capital declines to less than $200,000 in funds,
including  available  lines  of  credit,  then  it  may  engage  in  any funding
transaction,  irrespective  of  whether  the  Form SB-2 needs to be withdrawn or
amended.

     7.6  Survival  of  Representations  and  Warranties.  The  respective
representations and warranties of JGUR and P2S contained in this Agreement shall
survive  the  Closing Date for a period of two years (the "Survival Period"), at
the  end  of which Survival Period no claim may be made with respect to any such
representation or warranty unless such claim shall have been asserted in writing
to  the  Indemnifying  Party  during  such  period.

     7.7  Issuance  of Securities. Following the Effective Time and for a period
of twelve months thereafter, JGUR shall not register any shares or options under
Form  S-8  without  the  consent  of  Doug  Gass  or  the member of the Board of
Directors  designated  by  him.

     7.8  No Reverse Stock Split. Following the Effective Time JGUR shall not
undertake a reverse split of its common stock for a period of twenty-four months
provided  the Funding Timetable has been satisfied by the Conversion Date.  This
provision  may  be  waived in writing by Doug Gass or the member of the Board of
Directors  designated  by  him.

     7.9  Board  Representation.  At  the  Effective Time, JGUR shall appoint an
individual to its Board of Directors designated by Doug Gass who shall serve for
a period of one year or until such latter time as his successor is qualified and
elected.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                    CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

     8.1  Conditions  to  the Companies' Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective  obligations of all Companies to effect the transactions contemplated
herein shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of
the  following conditions, any one of which may be waived by a writing signed by
JGUR  and  P2S:

          (a)  This  Agreement  and  the  transactions contemplated hereby shall
               have  been  approved  and  adopted  by  the requisite vote of the
               shareholders  of  P2S  in  accordance with applicable law or by a
               written  consent of stockholders of P2S holding a majority of the
               shares  of  capital  stock  of P2S entitled to vote on the Merger
               (the  "Required  Stockholders'  Consent").

          (b)  No  preliminary  or  permanent  injunction  or other order by any
               federal,  state, or foreign court of competent jurisdiction which
               prohibits  the  consummation of any Merger shall have been issued
               and  remain  in  effect.  No statute, rule, regulation, executive
               order,  stay,  decree,  or  judgment  shall  have  been  enacted,
               entered,  issued,  promulgated,  or  enforced  by  any  court  or
               governmental  authority  which  prohibits  or  restricts  the
               consummation  of the Merger. Other than the filing of Articles of
               Merger with the Department of State for the State of Florida, all
               authorizations, consents, orders or approvals of, or declarations
               or  filings  with, and all expirations of waiting periods imposed
               by,  any  governmental  entity (all of the foregoing, "Consents")
               which  are  necessary  for  the consummation of the Merger, other
               than  Consents the failure to obtain which would have no material
               adverse  effect  on  the  consummation  of  the  Merger or on the
               Surviving  Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
               shall  have  been  filed,  occurred,  or  been obtained (all such
               permits,  approvals,  filings,  and consents and the lapse of all
               such  waiting  periods  being  referred  to  as  the  "Requisite
               Regulatory  Approvals")  and  all  such  Requisite  Regulatory
               Approvals shall be in full force and effect. All state securities
               or  blue  sky permits and other authorizations necessary to issue
               the  JGUR  Shares  in  exchange  for  the  Shares  of  P2S and to
               consummate  the  Merger  shall  have  been  received.

          (c)  There  shall  not  be  any  action  taken,  or any statute, rule,
               regulation,  or  order  enacted,  entered,  enforced,  or  deemed
               applicable  to  any  Merger, by any federal or state governmental
               entity  which,  in  connection  with  the  grant  of  a Requisite
               Regulatory  Approval,  imposes  any condition or restriction upon
               any Surviving Corporation or its subsidiaries (or, in the ease of
               any  disposition  of  assets  required  in  connection  with such
               Requisite  Regulatory  Approval,  upon  any  Company  or  its
               subsidiaries),  including,  without  limitation,  requirements
               relating  to  the  disposition  of assets, which in any such case
               would  so  materially  adversely  impact the economic or business
               benefits of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as to
               render  inadvisable  the  consummation  of  the  Merger.

          (d)  The  other  Company shall have performed in all material respects
               its  obligations under this Agreement required to be performed by
               it  at or prior to the Effective Time and the representations and
               warranties of the other Company contained in this Agreement shall
               be  true  and  correct  in all material respects at and as of the
               Effective  Time  as  if  made  at  and as of such time, except as
               contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  and  each  Company shall have
               received  a  certificate  of  the  Chairman  of  the  Board,  the
               President, or an Executive Vice President of the other Company as
               to  the  satisfaction  of  this  condition.

<PAGE>

          (e)  Each  Company shall have obtained the consent or approval of each
               person  whose consent or approval shall be required in connection
               with  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  under any loan or
               credit  agreement,  note, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, or
               other  agreement or instrument, except those for which failure to
               obtain  such consents and approvals would not, individually or in
               the  aggregate,  have  a material adverse effect on the Surviving
               Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries  taken as a whole or upon the
               consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     8.2  Conditions  to  Obligations  of  JGUR.  The  obligations of JGUR to
carry  out  the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject, at the
option  of  JGUR,  to  the  satisfaction,  or  waiver  by JGUR, of the following
conditions:

          (a)  No  proceeding  which  P2S shall be a debtor, defendant, or party
               seeking  an order for its own relief or reorganization shall have
               been  brought  or  be pending by or against such person under any
               United  States  or  state  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  law.

          (b)  P2S  shall have delivered a certificate of an officer of P2S that
               it  shall have performed in all material respects its obligations
               under  this  Agreement required to be performed by it at or prior
               to  the  Effective Time and the representations and warranties of
               P2S  contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
               material  respects  at and as of the Effective Time as if made at
               and  as  of  such time, except as contemplated by this Agreement.

          (c)  JGUR  shall  have  received  evidence,  satisfactory  to  it that
               transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement, can be consummated
               in accordance with an exemption from applicable state and federal
               securities  laws.

          (d)  P2S  shall  have  provided  JGUR  written  confirmation  from its
               long-term  noteholders  who own no less than ninety percent (90%)
               of the value of P2S' total long-term promissory notes and accrued
               interest  thereon,  indicating  their commitment to convert their
               notes  upon consummation of the Merger into (i) common stock at a
               conversion  price  of  not  less than $1.00 per share or (ii) new
               notes  having  a  specified  minimum conversion price of not less
               than  $1.00  per  share.

     8.3  Conditions  to Obligations of P2S.  The obligations of P2S to carry
out  the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject, at the option
of  P2S,  to  the  satisfaction,  or waiver by P2S, of the following conditions:

          (a)  No  proceeding  which JGUR shall be a debtor, defendant, or party
               seeking  an order for its own relief or reorganization shall have
               been  brought  or  be pending by or against such person under any
               United  States  or  state  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  law.

          (b)  JGUR  shall  deliver (i) a certificate of good standing issued by
               the  Secretary  of  the  State  of  Nevada  and  (ii) a corporate
               resolution executed by the JGUR Board of Directors approving this
               Agreement  and  the  transactions  herein.

<PAGE>

          (c)  JGUR  shall  have  arranged  for  certain  individuals to pay all
               expenses,  including,  but  not limited to, accounting, legal and
               SEC fees, incurred in preparing and filing JGUR's Form 10-KSB for
               the  fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2002.

          (d)  JGUR  shall  have  delivered  a certificate of an officer of JGUR
               that  (i)  it  shall  have performed in all material respects its
               obligations  under  this Agreement required to be performed by it
               at  or  prior  to the Effective Time and (ii) the representations
               and  warranties of JGUR contained in this Agreement shall be true
               and  correct  in all material respects at and as of the Effective
               Time as if made at and as of such time, except as contemplated by
               this  Agreement.

          (e)  P2S  shall  have  received  evidence,  satisfactory  to  it  that
               transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement, can be consummated
               in accordance with an exemption from applicable state and federal
               securities  laws.

          (f)  JGUR  shall have delivered the resignations of the members of the
               JGUR  and  the  Acquisition  Sub  Boards  of Directors, in a form
               satisfactory  to  P2S.

          (g)  JGUR  shall  have  delivered,  satisfactory  to  P2S, evidence of
               JGUR's  rights  to  receive,  for  no  financial  or  other
               consideration,  somewhere  between  5.5%  and  10.0%  of  First
               Responder's common stock, subject to finalization of negotiations
               between  an  officer  of  DAR  Group,  Inc.  and First Responder.

          (h)  JGUR shall have received $125,000 in U.S. funds in exchange for a
               convertible promissory note ("Note") which shall bear interest at
               5%  per annum. The Note shall have a term of thirteen (13) months
               and accrue interest until the end of its term. The face amount of
               the Note and all accrued interest thereon shall be convertible at
               any  time, at the holder's option, into restricted shares of JGUR
               common  stock  at  a conversion price of $.40 per share. The Note
               shall  be  due in full at the end of its term but may be prepaid,
               in  part  or  in  full,  without  penalty,  at  any  time.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                        TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     9.1  Termination.  This  Agreement  may  be  terminated  and  the Merger
contemplated  hereby  abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before  or  after  approval  by  the  shareholders  of  P2S:

          (a)  By  mutual  written  consent  of  all  of  the  Companies.

          (b)  By  either  JGUR  or  P2S  if  the  Merger  shall  not  have been
               consummated  on  or before _______, 2003, through no fault of the
               terminating  party.

          (c)  By  JGUR or P2S if there shall have been any material breach of a
               material obligation of the other hereunder and, if such breach is
               curable,  such  default  shall  have  not been remedied within 10
               business days after receipt by the other Company, as the case may
               be, of notice in writing from such Company specifying such breach
               and  requesting  that  it be remedied; provided that, at the sole
               discretion  of  the  non-breaching  Company, such 10 business-day
               period  may be extended for so long as the other Company shall be
               making  diligent  attempts  to  cure  such  default.

<PAGE>

          (d)  By  either  JGUR or P2S if any court of competent jurisdiction in
               the  United States or other United States governmental body shall
               have issued an order, decree, or ruling or taken any other action
               restraining,  enjoining,  or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and
               such order, decree, ruling, or any other action shall have become
               final  and  non-appealable.

     9.2  Effect  of  Termination.  In  the  event  of  termination  of  this
Agreement as provided above, this Agreement shall forthwith become of no further
effect  and, except for a termination resulting from a breach by a party to this
Agreement,  there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of any Company
or  their  respective  officers or directors.  Nothing contained in this Section
                                                                         -------
9.2  shall relieve any party from liability for willful breach of this Agreement
---
that  results  in  termination  of  this Agreement.  Upon request therefor, each
party  shall  redeliver  all  documents,  work papers, and other material of any
other  party  relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, whether obtained
before  or  after  the  execution  hereof,  to  the  party  furnishing  same.

     9.3  Amendment.  This  Agreement may be amended by action taken at any time
before  or after approval hereof by the shareholders of P2S, but, after any such
approval, no amendment shall be made which alters the Exchange Ratio or which in
any  way  materially  adversely affects the rights of such shareholders, without
the  further  approval  of  such shareholders. This Agreement may not be amended
except  by  an  instrument  in  writing  signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto.

     9.4 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto may
(a)  extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of  the  other parties hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and  warranties  contained  herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto,
and  (c)  waive  compliance  with  any of the agreements or conditions contained
herein.  Any  agreement  on  the part of a party hereto to any such extension or
waiver  shall  be  valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on
behalf  of  such party. Such extensions or waivers shall be in writing, executed
by  each  of  JGUR  and  P2S.  Such  waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or
estoppel  with  respect  to,  any  subsequent  or  other  failure.

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE X

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     10.1  Brokers.  Each  Company represents and warrants to the others that
no  broker, finder, or financial advisor is entitled to any brokerage, finder's,
or  other  fee  or  commission in connection with the Merger or the transactions
contemplated  by  this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
any party hereto, except as reflected in Section 10.1 of the P2S Schedule or the
JGUR  Schedule.

     10.2  Notices.  All  notices,  claims,  demands and other communications
hereunder  shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally
or  by  telex  or  telecopy  or  mailed by registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid,  return  receipt  requested) to the respective parties at the following
addresses  (or  at  such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):

          (a)  If  to  JGUR,  to:

                   JAGUAR INVESTMENTS, INC.
                   ------------------------

                   ------------------------
                   Attention:  President

          (b)  If  to  P2S,  to:

                   FREIGHT RATE, INC.
                   10400 Griffin Road, #101
                   Fort Lauderdale, FL 33328
                   Attention: Mr. Richard Hersh

              with a copy to:

                   Adorno & Yoss, P.A.
                   Suite 1700
                   350 East Las Olas Boulevard
                   Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
                   Attention: James M. Schneider, Esq.

     10.3  Descriptive Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are
for  reference  Purposes  only  and  shall  not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation  of  this  Agreement.

     10.4  Entire Agreement: Assignment. This Agreement (including the Exhibits,
Schedules,  and  other  documents  and  instruments  referred  to  herein)  (a)
constitute  the  entire  agreement  and supersede all other prior agreements and
understandings,  both  written  and oral, among the parties or any of them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof; and (b) shall not be assigned by operation
of  law  or  otherwise.

<PAGE>

     10.5  Governing  Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance  with  the  laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to the
provisions  thereof  relating  to  conflicts  of  law.

     10.6 Parties in Interest. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended  to  or  shall  confer  upon  any  other person any rights, benefit, or
remedies  of  any  nature  whatsoever  or  by  reason  of  this  Agreement.

     10.7  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each  of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  agreement.

     10.8  Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement  shall  not  affect  the  validity  or  enforceability  of  any  other
provisions  of  this  Agreement,  which  shall  remain in full force and effect.

     10.9  Jurisdiction  and  Venue.  Each  Party  hereto hereby agrees that any
proceeding  relating  to  this  Agreement and the Merger shall be brought in the
United  States  District  Court for the Southern District of Florida. Each party
hereto  hereby  consents  to personal jurisdiction in any such action brought in
such  court,  consents  to  service of process by registered mail made upon such
party and such party's agent and waives any objection to venue in any such court
or  to  any  claim  that  such  court  is  an  inconvenient  form.

     10.10  Investigation. The respective representations and warranties of each
Company  contained  herein  or  in the certificates or other documents delivered
prior  to  the  Closing  shall not be deemed waived or otherwise affected by any
investigation  made  by  any  party  hereto.

     10.11  Consents. For purposes of any provision of this Agreement requiring,
permitting,  or providing for the consent of any or Company, the written consent
of  the Chief Executive Officer or President of a Company shall be sufficient to
constitute  such  consent.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its
behalf by its officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first above
written.

                              JAGUAR  INVESTMENTS,  INC.,  a  Nevada
                              corporation

                         By: /s/ Douglas Gass
                            -----------------------------------
                         Name: Douglas Gass

                         Its: President



                         FREIGHT  RATE,  INC.,  a  Delaware
                         corporation


                         By: /s/ Richard Hersh
                            -----------------------------
                         Name: Richard Hersh
                         Its: President


<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
