<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10

                     EXECUTIVE SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN

                              EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this 10th day of August, 2000,
by and between The Fauquier Bank, a Bank organized and existing under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Virginia, (hereinafter referred to as the, "Bank"), and
C. Hunton Tiffany, an Executive of the Bank (hereinafter referred to as the,
"Executive").

         WHEREAS, the Executive is now in the employ of the Bank and has for
many years faithfully served the Bank. It is the consensus of the Board of
Directors (hereinafter referred to as the, "Board") that the Executive's
services have been of exceptional merit, in excess of the compensation paid and
an invaluable contribution to the profits and position of the Bank in its field
of activity. The Board further believes that the Executive's experience,
knowledge of corporate affairs, reputation and industry contacts are of such
value, and the Executive's continued services so essential to the Bank's future
growth and profits, that it would suffer severe financial loss should the
Executive terminate their services;

         ACCORDINGLY, the Board has adopted the Fauquier Bank Executive
Supplemental Retirement Plan (hereinafter referred to as the, "Executive Plan")
and it is the desire of the Bank and the Executive to enter into this agreement
which the Bank will agree to make certain payments to the Executive upon the
Executive's retirement and to the Executive's beneficiary(ies) in the event of
the Executive's death pursuant to the Executive Plan;

         FURTHERMORE, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Executive
Plan be considered an unfunded arrangement maintained primarily to provide
supplemental retirement benefits for the Executive, and to be considered a
non-qualified benefit plan for purposes of the Employee Retirement Security Act
of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"). The Executive is fully advised of the Bank's
financial status and has had substantial input in the design and operation of
this benefit plan; and

         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of services the Executive has performed
in the past and those to be performed in the future, and based upon the mutual
promises and covenants herein contained, the Bank and the Executive agree as
follows:

I. DEFINITIONS

   A.    Effective Date:
         --------------

         The Effective Date of the Plan shall be June 30, 2000.

<PAGE>


B.       Plan Year:
         ---------

         Any reference to the "Plan Year" shall mean a calendar year from
         January 1st to December 31st. In the year of implementation, the
         term the "Plan Year" shall mean the period from the Effective Date to
         December 31st of the year of the Effective Date.

C.       Retirement Date:
         ---------------

         Retirement Date shall mean retirement from service with the Bank which
         becomes effective on the first day of the calendar month following the
         month in which the Executive reaches age sixty-five (65) or such later
         date as the Executive may actually retire.

D.       Termination of Service:
         ----------------------

         Termination of Service shall mean the Executive's voluntary resignation
         of service by the Executive or the Bank's discharge of the Executive
         without Cause, prior to the Normal Retirement Age [Subparagraph I (J)].

E.       Pre-Retirement Account:
         ----------------------

         A Pre-Retirement Account shall be established as a liability reserve
         account on the books of the Bank for the benefit of the Executive.
         Prior to the Executive's Retirement Date [Subparagraph I (C)l, such
         liability reserve account shall be increased or decreased each Plan
         Year, until the aforestated event occurs, by the Index Retirement
         Benefit [Subparagraph I (F)].

F.       Index Retirement Benefit
         ------------------------

         The Index Retirement Benefit for each Executive in the Executive Plan
         for each Plan Year shall be equal to the excess (if any) of the Index
         [Subparagraph I (G)] for that Plan Year over the Cost of Funds Expense
         [Subparagraph I (H)] for that Plan Year.

G.       Index:
         -----

         The Index for any Plan Year shall be the aggregate annual after-tax
         income from the life insurance contract(s) described hereinafter as
         defined by FASB Technical Bulletin 85-4. This Index shall be applied as
         if such insurance contract(s) were purchased on the Effective Date of
         the Executive Plan.


                                       2

<PAGE>


Insurance Company:                       Jefferson Pilot Life Insurance Company
Policy Form:                             Flexible Premium Adjustable Life
Policy Name:                             Executive Security Plan VI
Insured's Age and Sex:                   61, Male
Riders:                                  None
Ratings:                                 None
Option:                                  Level
Face Amount:                             $690,000
Premiums Paid:                           $374,500
Number of Premium Payments:              Single
Assumed Purchase Date:                   June 30,2000

Insurance Company:                       ING Southland Life Insurance Company
Policy Form:                             Flexible Premium Adjustable Life
Policy Name:                             Max Universal Life
Insured's Age and Sex:                   61, Male
Riders:                                  None
Ratings:                                 None
Option:                                  Level
Face Amount:                             $670,077
Premiums Paid:                           $374,500
Number of Premium Payments:              Single
Assumed Purchase Date:                   June 30,2000

If such contracts of life insurance are actually purchased by the Bank, then the
actual policies as of the dates they were actually purchased shall be used in
calculations under this Executive Plan. If such contracts of life insurance are
not purchased or are subsequently surrendered or lapsed, then the Bank shall
receive annual policy illustrations that assume the above-described policies
were purchased or had not subsequently surrendered or lapsed, which illustration
will be received from the respective insurance companies and will indicate the
increase in policy values for purposes of calculating the amount of the Index.

In either case, references to the life insurance contracts are merely for
purposes of calculating a benefit. The Bank has no obligation to purchase such
life insurance and, if purchased, the Executives and their beneficiary(ies)
shall have no ownership interest in such policy and shall always have no greater
interest in the benefits under this Executive Plan than that of an unsecured
creditor of the Bank.


                                       3
<PAGE>


H.       Cost of Funds Expense:
         ---------------------

         The Cost of Funds Expense for any Plan Year shall be calculated by
         taking the sum of the amount of premiums for the life insurance
         policies described in the definition of "Index" plus the amount of any
         after-tax benefits paid to the Executive pursuant to the Executive Plan
         (Paragraph II hereinafter) plus the amount of all previous years
         after-tax Costs of Funds Expense, and multiplying that sum by the
         Average After-Tax Cost of Funds [Subparagraph I (K)].

I.       Change of Control:
         -----------------

         For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control of the Bank occurs
         if, after the date of this Agreement, (i) any person, including a
         "group" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act
         of 1934 (but excluding any group of which the Executive is a member),
         becomes the owner or beneficial owner of securities of the Bank or of
         Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. (the "Holding Company") having 20% or more of
         the combined voting power of the then outstanding Bank or Holding
         Company securities that may be cast for the election of the Bank or
         Holding Company directors other than a result of the issuance of
         securities initiated by the Bank or Holding Company, as long as the
         majority of the Board of Directors approving the purchases is a
         majority at the time the purchases are made; or (ii) as the direct or
         indirect result of, or in connection with, a tender or exchange offer,
         a merger or other business combination, a sale of assets, contested
         election, or any combination of these events, the persons who were
         directors of the Bank or Holding Company before such events cease to
         constitute a majority of the Bank's or Holding Company's Board, or any
         successor's board, within two years of the last date of such
         transactions. For purposes of this Agreement, the Control Change Date
         is the date on which an event described in (i) or (ii) occurs. If a
         Change of Control occurs on account of a series of transactions, the
         Control Change Date is the date of the last of such transactions.

J.       Normal Retirement Age:
         ---------------------

         Normal Retirement Age shall mean the date on which the Executive
         attains age sixty-five (65).

K.       Average After-Tax Cost of Funds:
         -------------------------------

         Average After-Tax Cost of Funds means, at any particular time, a ratio,
         the numerator of which is the total interest expense as set forth on
         Schedule RI-Income Statement on the Bank's most recently filed
         Consolidated Report of Condition and Income (the "Call Report") and the
         denominator of which is an amount equal to: (i) the amount of deposits
         in domestic

                                        4


<PAGE>


         offices (sum of total of columns A and C from Schedule RC-E of the Call
         Report), plus (ii) the amount of Federal funds purchased and securities
         sold under agreements to repurchase, as set forth on Schedule
         RC-Balance Sheet of the Call Report.

II.   INDEX BENEFITS

      A. Retirement Benefits:
         -------------------

         Unless terminated for Cause under Subparagraph II (D) hereinafter, an
         Executive who remains in the employ of the Bank until the Normal
         Retirement Age [Subparagraph I (J)] shall be entitled to receive the
         balance in the Pre-Retirement Account in one hundred eighty (180) equal
         monthly installments commencing thirty (30) days following the
         Executive's retirement. In addition to these payments and commencing in
         conjunction therewith, the Index Retirement Benefit [Subparagraph I
         (F)] for each Plan Year subsequent to the Executive's retirement, and
         including the remaining portion of the Plan Year following said
         retirement, shall be paid to the Executive until the Executive's death.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total amount of said benefit (i.e.
         the Pre-Retirement Account and the Index Retirement Benefit combined or
         the Index Retirement Benefit alone) to be received by the Executive at
         the Retirement Date shall be a maximum of $30,000.00. For each year
         thereafter that the Executive receives a benefit, said total maximum
         benefit amount shall be increased by four percent (4%) from the
         previous years benefit amount.

      B. Termination of Service:
         ----------------------

         Unless terminated for Clause under Subparagraph II (U), should an
         Executive suffer a Termination of Service the Executive shall be
         entitled to receive the balance in the Pre-Retirement Account payable
         to the Executive in one hundred eighty (180) equal monthly installments
         commencing thirty (30) days following the Executive's Normal Retirement
         Age [Subparagraph I (J)]. In addition to these payments and commencing
         in conjunction therewith, the Index Retirement Benefit for each Plan
         Year subsequent to the year in which the Executive attains Normal
         Retirement Age, and including the remaining portion of the Plan Year in
         which the Executive attains Normal Retirement Age, shall be paid to the
         Executive until the Executive's death.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing. the maximum total amount of said benefit
         (i.e. the Pre-Retirement Account and the Index Retirement Benefit
         combined or the Index Retirement Benefit) to be received by the
         Executive at Normal Retirement Age shall be the Executive`s vested
         percentage in

                                       5


<PAGE>


         said benefits, as set forth hereinabove, times $30,000.00. For each
         year thereafter that the Executive receives a benefit, said total
         maximum benefit amount shall be increased by four percent (4%) from the
         previous years benefit amount.

      C. Death.
         -----

         Should the Executive die prior to having received the balance of the
         Pre-Retirement Account the Executive is entitled to under the terms of
         this Executive Plan, the entire unpaid balance of the Executive's Pre-
         Retirement Account shall be paid in a lump sum to the individual or
         individuals the Executive may have designated in writing and filed with
         the Bank. In the absence of any effective designation of
         beneficiary(ies), the unpaid balance shall be paid as set forth herein
         to the duly qualified executor or administrator of the Executive's
         estate. Said payment due hereunder shall be made the first day of the
         second month following the decease of the Executive. Provided, however,
         that anything hereinabove to the contrary notwithstanding, no death
         benefit shall be payable hereunder if the Executive dies on or before
         the 30th day of June, 2002.

      D. Discharge for Cause:
         -------------------

         The Bank may terminate the Executive's employment for Cause. For the
         purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean the Executive's gross
         negligence or willful misconduct, which is detrimental to the best
         interests of the Bank's business operations. For purposes of this
         paragraph, no act, or failure to act, on the Executive's part shall be
         considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by him not in
         good faith and without reasonable belief that his act or omission was
         in the best interest of the Bank; provided that any act or omission to
         act on the Executive's behalf in reliance upon an opinion of counsel to
         the Bank or counsel to the Executive's shall be deemed to be
         willful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be
         deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall
         have been delivered to him a copy of a certification by a majority of
         the outside members of the Board of Directors of the Bank finding that,
         in the good faith opinion of such majority, the Executive was guilty of
         conduct which is deemed to be Cause within the meaning of the first
         sentence of this paragraph and specifying the particulars thereof in
         detail, after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for
         him, together with his counsel, to be heard before such majority.

      E. Death Benefit:
         -------------

         Except as set forth above, there is no death benefit provided under
         this Agreement.


                                       6

<PAGE>


      F. Disability Benefit:
         ------------------

         In the event the Executive becomes disabled prior to any Termination of
         Service, and the Executive's employment is terminated because of such
         disability, he shall begin receiving one hundred percent (100%) of the
         benefits in Subparagraph II (A) above only upon the occurrence of one
         of the following events, whichever shall first occur: (i) the Bank's
         long term disability coverage payments to the Executive cease, (ii) the
         Bank's long term disability policy shall terminate, or (iii) when the
         Executive attains age sixty-five (65). An Executive shall be considered
         disabled if the Executive is unable to perform the duties of the
         Executive's regular position due to any medically determinable physical
         or mental impairment that is expected to be permanent or of indefinite
         duration.

III.  RESTRICTIONS UPON FUNDING

      The Bank shall have no obligation to set aside, earmark or entrust any
      fund or money with which to pay its obligations under this Executive Plan.
      The Executive, their beneficiary(ies), or any successor in interest shall
      be and remain simply a general creditor of the Bank in the same manner as
      any other creditor having a general claim for matured and unpaid
      compensation.

      The Bank reserves the absolute right, at its sole discretion, to either
      fund the obligations undertaken by this Executive Plan or to refrain from
      funding the same and to determine the extent, nature and method of such
      funding. Should the Bank elect to fund this Executive Plan, in whole or in
      part, through the purchase of life insurance, mutual funds, disability
      policies or annuities, the Bank reserves the absolute right, in its sole
      discretion, to terminate such funding at any time, in whole or in part. At
      no time shall any Executive be deemed to have any lien nor right, title or
      interest in or to any specific funding investment or to any assets of the
      Bank.

      If the Bank elects to invest in a life insurance, disability or annuity
      policy upon the life of the Executive, then the Executive shall assist the
      Bank by freely submitting to a physical exam and supplying such additional
      information necessary to obtain such insurance or annuities.

IV.   CHANGE OF CONTROL

      Upon a Change of Control [Subparagraph I (I)], if the Executive
      subsequently suffers a Termination of Service [Subparagraph I (D)], then
      the Executive shall receive the benefits promised in this Executive Plan
      upon attaining Normal Retirement Age, as if the Executive had been
      continuously employed by the Bank until the Executive's Normal Retirement
      Age. The Executive will also remain eligible for all promised death
      benefits in this Executive Plan. In addition, no

                                       7


<PAGE>


      sale. merger, or consolidation of the Bank shall take place unless the new
      or surviving entity expressly acknowledges the obligations under this
      Executive Plan and agrees to abide by its terms.

V.    MISCELLANEOUS

      A.  Alienability and Assignment Prohibition
          ---------------------------------------

          Neither the Executive, nor the Executive's surviving spouse, nor any
          other beneficiary(ies) under this Executive Plan shall have any power
          or right to transfer, assign, anticipate, hypothecate, mortgage,
          commute, modify or otherwise encumber in advance any of the benefits
          payable hereunder nor shall any of said benefits be subject to seizure
          for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate
          maintenance owed by the Executive or the Executive's beneficiary(ies),
          nor be transferable by operation of law in the event of bankruptcy,
          insolvency or otherwise. In the event the Executive or any beneficiary
          attempts assignment, commutation, hypothecation, transfer or disposal
          of the benefits hereunder, the Bank's liabilities shall forthwith
          cease and terminate.

      B.  Binding Obligation of the Bank and any Successor in Interest:
          ------------------------------------------------------------

          The Bank shall not merge or consolidate into or with another bank or
          sell substantially all of its assets to another bank, firm or person
          until such bank, firm or person expressly agrees, in writing, to
          assume and discharge the duties and obligations of the Bank under this
          Executive Plan. This Executive Plan shall be binding upon the parties
          hereto, their successors. beneficiaries, heirs and personal
          representatives.

      C.  Amendment or Revocation:
          -----------------------

          It is agreed by and between the parties hereto that, during the
          lifetime of the Executive, this Executive Plan may be amended or
          revoked at any time or times, in whole or in part, by the mutual
          written consent of the Executive and the Bank.

      D.  Gender:
          ------

          Whenever in this Executive Plan words are used in the masculine or
          neuter gender, they shall be read and construed as in the masculine,
          feminine or neuter gender, whenever they should so apply.

      E.  Effect on Other Bank Benefit Plans:
          ----------------------------------

          Nothing contained in this Executive Plan shall affect the right of the
          Executive to participate in or be covered by any qualified or
          non-qualified

                                       8


<PAGE>


          pension, profit-sharing, group, bonus or other supplemental
          compensation or fringe benefit plan constituting a part of the Bank's
          existing or future compensation structure.

      F.  Headings:
          --------

          Headings and subheadings in this Executive Plan are inserted for
          reference and convenience only and shall not be deemed a part of this
          Executive Plan.

      G.  Applicable Law:
          --------------

          The validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by
          the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

      H.  12 U.S.C. ss. 1828(k):
          ---------------------

          Any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Executive Plan, or
          otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with
          12 U.S.C. ss. 1828(k) or any regulations promulgated thereunder.

      I.  Partial Invalidity:
          ------------------

          If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Executive Plan
          is determined by an arbitrator or a court, as the case may be, to be
          invalid, void, or unenforceable, such determination shall not render
          any other term, provision, covenant, or condition invalid, void, or
          unenforceable, and the Executive Plan shall remain in full force and
          effect notwithstanding such partial invalidity.

      J.  Employment:
          ----------

          No provision of this Executive Plan shall be deemed to restrict or
          limit any existing employment agreement by and between the Bank and
          the Executive, nor shall any conditions herein create specific
          employment rights to the Executive nor limit the right of the Employer
          to discharge the Executive with or without cause. In a similar
          fashion, no provision shall limit the Executive's rights to
          voluntarily sever the Executive's employment at any time.

VI.   ERISA PROVISION

      A.  Named Fiduciary and Plan Administrator:
          --------------------------------------

          The "Named Fiduciary and Plan Administrator" of this Executive Plan
          shall be The Fauquier Bank until its resignation or removal by the
          Board.

                                       9


<PAGE>


          As Named Fiduciary and Plan Administrator, the Bank shall be
          responsible for the management, control and administration of the
          Executive Plan. The Named Fiduciary may delegate to others certain
          aspects of the management and operation responsibilities of the
          Executive Plan including the employment of advisors and the delegation
          of ministerial duties to qualified individuals.

      B.  Claims Procedure and Arbitration:
          --------------------------------

          In the event a dispute arises over benefits under this Executive Plan
          and benefits are not paid to the Executive (or to the Executive's
          beneficiary(ies) in the case of the Executive's death) and such
          claimants feel they are entitled to receive such benefits, then a
          written claim must be made to the Named Fiduciary and Plan
          Administrator named above within sixty (60) days from the date
          payments are refused. The Named Fiduciary and Plan Administrator shall
          review the written claim and if the claim is denied, in whole or in
          part, they shall provide in writing within sixty (60) days of receipt
          of such claim its specific reasons for such denial, reference to the
          provisions of this Executive Plan upon which the denial is based and
          any additional material or information necessary to perfect the claim.
          Such written notice shall further indicate the additional steps to be
          taken by claimants if a further review of the claim denial is desired.
          A claim shall be deemed denied if the Named Fiduciary and Plan
          Administrator fail to take any action within the aforesaid sixty-day
          period.

          If claimants desire a second review they shall notify the Named
          Fiduciary and Plan Administrator in writing within sixty (60) days of
          the first claim denial. Claimants may review this Executive Plan or
          any documents relating thereto and submit any written issues and
          comments it may feel appropriate. In their sole discretion, the Named
          Fiduciary and Plan Administrator shall then review the second claim
          and provide a written decision within sixty (60) days of receipt of
          such claim. This decision shall likewise state the specific reasons
          for the decision and shall include reference to specific provisions of
          the Plan Agreement upon which the decision is based.

          If claimants continue to dispute the benefit denial based upon
          completed performance of this Executive Plan or the meaning and effect
          of the terms and conditions thereof, then claimants may submit the
          dispute to an Arbitrator for final arbitration. The Arbitrator shall
          be selected by mutual agreement of the Bank and the claimants. The
          Arbitrator shall operate under any generally recognized set of
          arbitration rules. The parties hereto agree that they and their heirs,
          personal representatives, successors and assigns shall be bound by the
          decision of such Arbitrator with respect to any controversy properly
          submitted to it for determination.

                                       10


<PAGE>


          Where a dispute arises as to the Bank's discharge of the Executive for
          "cause", such dispute shall likewise be submitted to arbitration as
          above- described and the parties hereto agree to be bound by the
          decision thereunder.

VII.      TERMINATION OR MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT BY REASON OF CHANGES IN THE
          LAW, RULES OR REGULATIONS

          The Bank is entering into this Agreement upon the assumption that
          certain existing tax laws, rules and regulations will continue in
          effect in their current form. If any said assumptions should change
          and said change has a detrimental effect on this Executive Plan, then
          the Bank reserves the right to terminate or modify this Agreement
          accordingly. Upon a Change of Control [Subparagraph I (I)], this
          paragraph shall become null and void effective immediately upon said
          Change of Control.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto acknowledge that each has
carefully read this Agreement and executed the original thereof on the 10th day
of August, 2000, and that, upon execution, each has received a conforming copy.

                                             THE FAUQUIER BANK
                                             Warrenton, Virginia

/s/ Illegible                                /s/ Illegible
-------------------------                    -----------------------------------
Witness                                          Illegible                 Title



                                             /s/ C. Hunton Tiffany
-------------------------                    -----------------------------------
Witness                                      C. Hunton Tiffany



                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
