<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 10-8

                             AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT

         This Amendment to Agreement entered into as of the 27th day of
November, 2000 by and between THE FAUQUIER BANK, a Virginia banking corporation
(the "Bank"), and Eric P. Graap, (the "Executive").

                                    RECITALS

         1. The Bank and Executive entered into an Agreement dated as of the
27th of November, 2000, the ("Original Agreement") which provides for
compensation and other benefits to the Executive in certain events, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A; and

         2. The parties desire to amend such Agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, IN
CONSIDERATION of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

         1. Paragraph 1 of the Original Agreement is hereby amended to read as
follows:

         CHANGE OF CONTROL: For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control
of the Bank occurs if, after the date of this Agreement, (i) any person,
including a "group" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (but excluding any group of which the Executive is a member),
becomes the owner or beneficial owner of securities of the Bank or of Fauquier
Bankshares, Inc. (the "Holding Company") having 20% or more of the combined
voting power of the then outstanding Bank or Holding Company securities that may
be cast for the election of the Bank or Holding Company directors other than a
result of an issuance of securities initiated by the Bank or Holding Company, as
long as the majority of the Board of Directors approving the purchases is a
majority at the time the purchases are made; or (ii) as the direct or indirect
result of, or in connection with, a tender or exchange offer, a merger or other
business combination, a sale of assets, contested election, or any combination
of these events, the persons who were directors of the Bank or Holding Company
before such events cease to constitute a majority of the Bank's or Holding
Company's Board, or any successor's board, within two years of the last of such
transactions. For purposes of this Agreement, the Control Change Date is the
date on which an event described in (i) or (ii) occurs. If a Change of Control
occurs on account of a series of transactions, the Control Change Date is the
date of the last of such transactions.

         2. Paragraph 3(ii)(b) of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted and
Paragraph 3(ii)(c) is hereby redesignated as Paragraph 3(ii)(b).


                                                 THE FAUQUIER BANK

                                                 By: /s/ C. Hunter Tiffany
                                                     ---------------------------

                                                     /s/ Eric P. Graap
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                              Executive
<PAGE>

                                   AGREEMENT
                                   ---------

         THIS AGREEMENT, entered into as of the 27th day of November, 2000 by
and between THE FAUQUIER BANK, a Virginia banking corporation (the "Bank"), and
Eric P. Graap (the "Executive").

                                  WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Bank has approved this Agreement
and authorized its execution and delivery on the Bank's behalf to the Executive;
and

         WHEREAS, the Executive is presently a key executive officer of the Bank
whose continued dedication, availability, advice and counsel to the Bank is
deemed important to the Board of Directors of the Bank, the Bank and its
shareholders; and

         WHEREAS, the services of the Executive, his experience and knowledge of
the affairs of the Bank, and his reputation and contacts in the industry are
extremely valuable to the Bank; and

         WHEREAS, the Bank wishes to attract and retain such well-qualified
Executives, and it is in the best interest of the Bank and of the Executive; and

         WHEREAS, the Bank considers the establishment and maintenance of a
sound and vital management to be part of its overall corporate strategy and to
be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Bank and its
shareholders;

         NOW, THEREFORE, to assure the Bank of the Executive's continued
dedication, the availability of his advice and counsel to the Board of Directors
of the Bank, and to induce the Executive to remain and continue in the employ of
the Bank and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
whereof each party hereby acknowledges, the Bank and the Executive hereby agree
that the following terms and conditions of employment shall control and take
effect only in the event there is a change of control:

         1. CHANGE OF CONTROL: For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of
Control occurs if, after the date of this Agreement, (i) any person, including a
"group" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(but excluding any group of which the Executive is a member), becomes the owner
or beneficial owner of Bank securities having 20% or more of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding Bank securities that may be cast for the election
of the Bank's directors other than a result of an issuance of securities
initiated by the Bank, or open market purchases approved by the Board of
Directors, as long as the majority of the Board of Directors approving the
purchases is a majority at the time the purchases are made; or (ii) as the
direct or indirect result of, or in connection with, a tender or exchange offer,
a merger or other business combination, a sale of assets, contested election, or
any combination of these events, the persons who were directors of the Bank
before such events cease to constitute a majority of the Bank's Board, or any
successor's board, within two years of the last of such transactions. For
purposes of this Agreement, the Control Change Date is the date on which an
event described in (i) or (ii) occurs. If a Change of Control occurs on account
of a series of transactions, the Control Change Date is the date of the last of
such transactions.

         2. TERMINATION AFTER CHANGE OF CONTROL: If, after such a Change of
Control shall have occurred, the Executive's employment is terminated, then the
Executive shall be entitled to receive the payments specified in this Agreement
unless such termination is for Cause or the Executive terminates employment
without Good Reason.


                                       2
<PAGE>


         (i) The Bank may terminate the Executive's employment for Cause. For
the purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean the Executive's gross
negligence or willful misconduct, which is detrimental to the best interests of
the Bank's business operations. For purposes of this paragraph, no act, or
failure to act, on the Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless
done, or omitted to be done, by him not in good faith and without reasonable
belief that his act or omission was in the best interest of the Bank; provided
that any act or omission to act on the Executive's behalf in reliance upon an
opinion of counsel to the Bank or counsel to the Executive shall not be deemed
to be willful. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be deemed
to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been
delivered to him a copy of a certification by a majority of the outside members
of the Board of Directors of the Bank finding that, in the good faith opinion of
such majority, the Executive was guilty of conduct which is deemed to be Cause
within the meaning of the first sentence of this paragraph and specifying the
particulars thereof in detail, after reasonable notice to the Executive and an
opportunity for him, together with his counsel, to be heard before such
majority.

         (ii) The Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean:

                  (a) The assignment of duties to the Executive by the Bank
which (i) are materially different from the Executive's duties immediately prior
to the Change of Control, or (ii) result in the Executive having significantly
less authority and/or responsibility than he had prior to the Change of Control,
without his express written consent;

                  (b) The removal of the Executive from or any failure to
re-elect him to the aforesaid position(s), except in connection with a
termination of his employment by the Bank for Cause;

                  (c) A reduction by the Bank of the Executive's base salary as
in effect on the date of the Change of Control or as the same may be increased
from time to time thereafter, or a failure by the Bank to increase such as
salary each year after such Change of Control by an amount which at least
equals, on a percentage basis, the percentage increase, if any, in the cost of
living as set forth in the Consumer Price Index for the area in which the
principal office of the Bank is located (1967=100) published by the Bureau of
Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor over the preceding
year, unless the failure to so increase the Executive's salary is waived in
writing by the Executive;

                  (d) The failure of the Bank to provide the Executive with
substantially the same fringe benefits that were provided to him immediately
prior to the Change of Control, or with a package of fringe benefits that,
though one or more of such benefits may vary from those in effect immediately
prior to such Change of Control, is substantially comparable in all material
respects to such fringe benefits taken as a whole:

                  (e) The failure of the Bank to obtain the assumption of and
agreement to perform this Agreement by any successor as contemplated in
paragraph 5(iii) hereof; or

                  (f) The relocation of the Bank's principal executive offices
outside of Warrenton, Virginia, without the consent of Executive.

         (iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 2(i) and 2(ii),
following a Change of Control the Bank may terminate the Executive's employment
without cause at any time in any otherwise lawful manner, subject to the Bank's
providing to the Executive the payments and benefits specified in paragraph
3(ii).

         (iv) Termination by either party shall be communicated by written
Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement,
a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice


                                        3
<PAGE>

which shall indicate the specific termination provision(s) in this Agreement
relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of employment under the provision so
indicated.

         (v) "Date of Termination" shall mean the date specified in the Notice
of Termination, which shall be not less than thirty (30) nor more than ninety
(90) days after such Notice of Termination is given; provided, that if within
thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is given pursuant to paragraph
2(i) or 2(ii) the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other
party that a dispute exists concerning the termination, then pending the
resolution of any such dispute the Bank shall continue to pay the Executive the
same base salary as and when due and payable, and provide him the same or
substantially comparable fringe benefits that he was paid and provided
immediately prior to the delivery of the Notice of Termination. If a termination
by the Bank pursuant to paragraph 2(i) above is challenged by the Executive and
the termination is ultimately determined to be justified, then all sums paid by
the Bank to the Executive pursuant to this paragraph 2(v), plus the cost to the
Bank of providing the Executive such fringe benefits from the date of such
termination to the date of the resolution of such dispute, shall be promptly
repaid by the Executive to the Bank with interest at the rate charged from time
to time by The Fauquier Bank, to its most substantial customers for unsecured
parties of credit. Should it ultimately be determined that a termination by the
Bank pursuant to paragraph 2(i) above was not justified, or that a termination
by the Executive pursuant to paragraph 2(ii) above was for Good Reason, then the
Executive shall be entitled to retain all sums paid to him pending the
resolution of such dispute and he shall be entitled to receive in addition the
payments and other benefits provided for in paragraph 3(ii), and the Date of
Termination shall be the date on which the dispute is finally settled, either by
mutual written agreement of the parties, or by a final judgment.

         3. TERMINATION PROVISIONS. (i) If the Executive's employment shall be
terminated for Cause pursuant to paragraph 2(i), and if such termination is
challenged by the Executive and the challenge is resolved in favor of the Bank,
the Bank shall have no further obligation to the Executive.

         (ii) If within (3) years after a Change of Control of the Bank, (1) the
Bank shall terminate the Executive's employment in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph 2(i) hereof, and if such termination is challenged by
the Executive and the challenge is resolved in favor of the Executive, or (2)
the Executive shall terminate his employment pursuant to paragraph 2(ii) hereof
at any time during the period beginning with a Change of Control and ending
three (3) years after the Change of Control, then, except as provided in Section
6 of this Agreement,

                  (a) On or before the Executive's last day of employment with
the Bank, the Bank shall pay to the Executive as compensation for services
rendered to the Bank a cash amount (subject to any applicable payroll or other
taxes required to be withheld) equal to 2.99 times the highest annual
compensation paid to the Executive by the Bank for any six months ending with
the Executive's termination, provided that, at the option of the Executive, the
cash amount required to be paid hereby shall be paid by the Bank in equal
monthly installments over the six (6) months succeeding the Date of Termination,
payable on the first day of each such month. For purposes of this paragraph
3(ii), highest annual compensation shall include only base salary and cash
bonuses paid to Executive.

                  (b) In addition to the benefits to which the Executive is
entitled under the retirement plans or programs of the Bank in effect as of the
date first above written or any successor plans or programs in effect on the
Date of Termination of the Executive's employment, the Bank shall pay the
Executive a cash amount equal to the actuarial equivalent of the retirement
pension to which the Executive would have been entitled under the terms of such
retirement plan or programs, without regard to "vesting" thereunder, had the
Executive accumulated three (3) additional years of continuous service (after
any termination pursuant to this Agreement) at the Executive's base salary rate
in effect on the Date of Termination under such retirement plans or programs
reduced by the


                                       4
<PAGE>

single sum actuarial equivalent of any amounts to which the Executive is
entitled pursuant to the provisions of said retirement plans and programs. For
purposes of this paragraph 3(ii)(b), "actuarial equivalent" shall be determined
using the same methods and assumptions utilized under the Bank's retirement
plans and programs immediately prior to the Change of Control. The Bank's
obligation under this paragraph 3(ii)(b) may be satisfied by a lump sum payment
in cash or by the purchase of an annuity owned by and payable to the Executive,
which annuity shall provide for payment comparable to payments which the
Executive would receive pursuant to the aforementioned retirement plans or
programs. The payment shall be made or the annuity shall be purchased and
delivered to the Executive within thirty (30) days following termination;
provided, however, that at the Executive's option, payment may be deferred until
a later time if in the Executive's opinion, a deferral would result in a more
advantageous income or estate tax treatment.

                  (c) The Bank shall maintain in full force and effect, for the
continued benefit of the Executive for a three-year period after the Date of
Termination, all employee benefit plans and programs or arrangements in which
the Executive was entitled to participate immediately prior to the Date of
Termination, provided that the Executive's continued participation is possible
under the general terms and provisions of such plans and programs. In the event
that the Executive's participation in any such plan or program is barred, the
Bank shall arrange to provide the Executive with benefits substantially similar
to those which the Executive was entitled to receive under such plans and
programs.

         (iii) In the event that the Executive terminates his employment at any
time after a Change of Control for other than Good Reason, or Good Reason is
alleged but ultimately determined pursuant to paragraph 2(v) to be not
justifiable, then the Bank shall have no further obligation to the Executive.

         4. STOCK OPTIONS: Upon a Change of Control, all stock options granted
to the Executive under any of the Bank's Stock Option Plans, or any successor
thereto, shall become immediately exercisable with respect to all or any portion
of the shares covered thereby regardless of whether such options are otherwise
exercisable. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for any federal income tax
liability incurred by the Executive in connection with the exercise of such
options which would not have otherwise been incurred by the Executive in the
absence of such options becoming immediately available upon a Change of Control,
such reimbursement to be submitted to the Executive within ten (10) days of
written notification to the Bank by the Executive of the exact amount of such
additional tax liability.

         At any time subsequent to seven (7) days after the public announcement
of a Change of Control, any or all stock options granted to the Executive under
the Bank's Stock Option Plans, or any successor thereto, held by the Executive
for more than six months ("Cancelable Options") may, upon the written approval
of a majority of disinterested, non-employee members of the Board of Directors,
be cancelled by the Bank in exchange for the payment to the Executive of cash in
an amount equal to the aggregate spread between the average exercise price of
the Cancelable Options and the higher of: (a) the average of the closing prices
of the Bank's shares as reported in the daily newspaper for the thirty (30)
business days immediately preceding the public announcement of the Change of
Control, or (b) the highest price per share actually paid in connection with the
Change of Control of the Bank.

         5. LlTIGATlON - OBLlGATIONS - SUCCESSORS: Notwithstanding the
requirements of paragraph 13 hereof, if litigation shall be brought to
challenge, enforce or interpret any provision contained in this Agreement, and
such litigation does not end with judgment in favor of the Bank, the Bank hereby
agrees to indemnify the Executive for his reasonable attorney's fees and
disbursements incurred in such litigation, and hereby agrees to pay
post-judgement interest on any money judgment obtained by the Executive
calculated at the rate charged from time to time by The Fauquier Bank, to


                                       5
<PAGE>


its most substantial customers for unsecured lines of credit from the date that
payment(s) to him should have been made under the judgment to date of payment.

         (ii) The Bank's obligation to pay the Executive the compensation and
benefits and to make the arrangements provided in this Agreement shall be
absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances,
including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or
other right which the Bank may have against him or anyone else. All amounts
payable by the Bank under this Agreement shall be paid without notice or demand
except as provided in paragraph 4 hereof. Except as expressly provided in
paragraph 2(v), each and every payment made hereunder by the Bank shall be final
and the Bank will not seek to recover all or any part of such payment from the
Executive or from whosoever may be entitled thereto, for any reason whatsoever.
The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment
provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise.

         (iii) The Bank will require any successor (whether direct or indirect,
by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of
the business and/or assets of the Bank, or either one of them, by agreement in
form and substance satisfactory to the Executive, to expressly assume and agree
to perform this Agreement in its entirety. Failure of the Bank to obtain such
agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of
this Agreement and shall entitle the Executive to compensation from the Bank in
the same amount and on the same terms as he would be entitled if he had
terminated his employment for Good Reason pursuant to subparagraph 2(ii) above,
except that for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the date on which any
such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Date of Termination. As
used in this Agreement, "Bank" shall mean the Bank as hereinabove defined and
any successor to its respective business and/or assets as aforesaid which
executes and delivers the Agreement provided for in this paragraph 5 or which
otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by
operation of law.

         6. LIMITATION OF BENEFITS: It is the intention of the parties that no
payment be made or benefit provided to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement
that would constitute an "excess Parachute payment" within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as Amended (the "Code") and
any regulations hereunder, thereby resulting in a loss of an income tax
Deduction by the Bank or the imposition of an excise tax on the Executive under
Section 4999 of the Code. If the independent accounts serving as auditors for
the Bank on the date of a Change of Control (or any other accounting firm
designated by the Bank) determine that some or all of the payments or benefits
scheduled under this Agreement, as well as any other payments or benefits on a
Change of Control, would be nondeductible by the Company under Section 280G of
the code, then the payments scheduled under this Agreement will be reduced to
one dollar less than the maximum amount which may be paid without causing any
such payment or benefit to be nondeductible. The determination made as to the
reduction of benefits or payments required hereunder by the independent
accountants shall be binding on the parties. The Executive shall have the right
to designate within a reasonable period, which payments or benefits will be
reduced; provided, however, that if no direction is received from the Executive,
the Bank shall implement the reductions in its discretion.

         7. NOTICES: For the purposes of this Agreement, notices or other
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed as follows:


                                       6
<PAGE>


If to the Executive:                   Eric P. Graap
                                       6023 Finchingfield Road
                                       Warrenton, Va. 20187

If to the Bank:                        The Fauquier Bank
                                       10 Courthouse Square
                                       P. O. Drawer 561
                                       Warrenton, Virginia 20186

or at such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing
in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be
effective only upon receipt.

         8. MODIFICATION - WAIVERS - APPLICABLE LAW: No provisions of this
Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver,
modification or discharge is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and
on behalf of the Bank by such officer as may be specifically designated by the
Board of Directors of the Bank. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of
any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or
provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed
a waiver of similar or dissimilar provision or conditions at the same or at any
prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise,
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by
either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The validity,
interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

         9. INVALIDITY - ENFORCEABILITY: The invalidity or enforceability of any
provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and
effect. Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in
any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the
extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating or affecting
the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in
any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.

         10. CHANGE OF CONTROL TERM: The terms of this Agreement shall
automatically renew and be extended for three (3) years following the date of
the Change of Control.

         11. SUCCESSOR RIGHTS: This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be enforceable by the Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If
Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to him under this
Agreement, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement to his devisee, legatee or other
designee or, if there is not such designee, to his estate.

         12. HEADINGS: Descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning of construction of
any provision hereof.

         13. ARBITRATION: Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall he settled exclusively by arbitration.
conducted before a panel of three arbitrators, in Richmond, Virginia in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in
effect. Judgement may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having
jurisdiction. Unless otherwise provided in the rules of the American Arbitration
Association, the arbitrators shall, in


                                       7
<PAGE>

their award, allocate between the parties the costs of arbitration, which shall
include reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of the parties, as well as the
arbitrator's fees and expenses, in such proportions as the arbitrators deem
just.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective
as of the date first above written.

                                                 "EXECUTIVE"

                                                 /s/ Eric P. Graap
                                                 -------------------------------


                                                 THE FAUQUIER BANK


                                                 By: /s/ C. Hunter Tiffany
                                                     ---------------------------


                                       8
<PAGE>


STATE OF VIRGINIA       }
                        }    To-Wit:
County of Fauquier  }
------    --------


         Sworn and subscribed before me this 6th day of  April,
                                             ---         -----

2001, by Eric P. Graap
----     -------------

                                                 /s/ Allison J. Dodson
                                                 ---------------------
                                                     Notary Public


         My commission expires: 10/31/2004
                                ----------


STATE OF VIRGINIA       }
                        }    To-Wit:
County of Fauquier  }
------    --------

         Sworn and subscribed before me this 6th day of April,
                                             ---        -----
2001, by C. Hunton Tiffany, President of The
----     -----------------  ---------
Fauquier Bank.


                                                 /s/ Allison J. Dodson
                                                 ---------------------
                                                     Notary Public

         My commission expires: 10/31/2004
                                ----------


                                       9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
