<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.4 2000 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.4
                                                                    ------------


                            SWITCHBOARD INCORPORATED

                       2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan

1. Purpose
   -------

     The purpose of this 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") of
Switchboard Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), is to advance
the interests of the Company's stockholders by enhancing the Company's ability
to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make)
important contributions to the Company by providing such persons with equity
ownership opportunities and performance-based incentives and thereby better
aligning the interests of such persons with those of the Company's stockholders.
Except where the context otherwise requires, the term "Company" shall include
any of the Company's present or future subsidiary corporations as defined in
Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code").

2. Eligibility
   -----------

     All of the Company's employees (and any individuals who have accepted an
offer for employment), consultants and advisors, other than those who are also
officers within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Exchange Act"), or directors of the Company, are eligible to be granted
options, restricted stock awards, or other stock-based awards (each, an "Award")
under the Plan. Each person who has been granted an Award under the Plan shall
be deemed a "Participant."

3. Administration, Delegation
   --------------------------

     (a) Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be administered by
         ------------------------------------
the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). The Board shall have
authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such administrative
rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall deem advisable.
The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any
inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall
deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect and it shall be the sole and final
judge of such expediency. All decisions by the Board shall be made in the
Board's sole discretion and shall be final and binding on all persons having or
claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award. No director or person acting
pursuant to the authority delegated by the Board shall be liable for any action
or determination relating to or under the Plan made in good faith.

     (b) Delegation to Executive Officers. To the extent permitted by applicable
         --------------------------------
law, the Board may delegate to one or more executive officers of the Company the
power to make Awards and exercise such other powers under the Plan as the Board
may determine, provided that the Board shall fix the maximum number of shares
subject to Awards and the maximum number of shares for any one Participant to be
made by such executive officers.

     (c) Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
         -------------------------
the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more
committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). All references in the
Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or a Committee of the Board or the
executive officer referred to in Section 3(b) to the extent that the Board's
powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee or
executive officer.

4. Stock Available for Awards
   --------------------------

     (a) Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 8, Awards may be
         ----------------
made under the Plan for up to the sum of Four Hundred Forty-Six Thousand
(446,000) shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (the
"Common Stock"). If any Award expires or is terminated, surrendered or canceled
without having been fully exercised or is forfeited in whole or in part or
results in any Common Stock not being issued, the unused Common Stock covered by
such Award shall again be available for the grant of Awards under the Plan.
Shares issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but
unissued shares or treasury shares.

5. Nonstatutory Stock Options
   --------------------------

     (a) General. The Board may grant nonstatutory options to purchase Common
         -------
Stock (each, an "Option") and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to
be covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions
and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions
relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers
necessary or advisable. No Option granted under the Plan shall be intended to be
an "incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code.

     (b) Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at the
         --------------
time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option agreement.

     (c) Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and
         -------------------
subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the applicable
option agreement.

     (d) Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the Company
         ------------------
of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any other form
of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board together with
payment in full as specified in Section 5(f) for the number of shares for which
the Option is exercised.

     (e) Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an
         ---------------------
Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

          (1) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

          (2) except as the Board may, in its sole discretion, otherwise provide
in an option agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional
undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company
sufficient funds to pay the exercise price or (ii) delivery by the Participant
to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a
creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check
sufficient to pay the exercise price;

          (3) when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act, by
delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued at their fair
market value as determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board in good
faith ("Fair Market Value"), provided (i) such method of payment is then
permitted under applicable law and (ii) such Common Stock was owned by the
Participant at least six months prior to such delivery;

          (4) to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole discretion by
(i) delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the Company on terms
determined by the Board, or (ii) payment of such other lawful consideration as
the Board may determine; or

          (5) by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.

6. Restricted Stock
   ----------------

     (a) Grants. The Board may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire
         ------
shares of Common Stock, subject to the right of the Company to repurchase all or
part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price (or to
require forfeiture of such shares if issued at no cost) from the recipient in
the event that conditions specified by the Board in the applicable Award are not
satisfied prior to the end of the applicable restriction period or periods
established by the Board for such Award (each, a "Restricted Stock Award").

     (b) Terms and Conditions. The Board shall determine the terms and
         --------------------
conditions of any such Restricted Stock Award, including the conditions for
repurchase (or forfeiture) and the issue price, if any. Any stock certificates
issued in respect of a Restricted Stock Award shall be registered in the name of
the Participant and, unless otherwise determined by the Board, deposited by the
Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company (or
its designee). At the expiration of the applicable restriction periods, the
Company (or such designee) shall deliver the certificates no longer subject to
such restrictions to the Participant or if the Participant has died, to the
beneficiary designated, in a manner determined by the Board, by a Participant to
receive amounts due or exercise rights of the Participant in the event of the
Participant's death (the "Designated Beneficiary"). In the absence of an
effective designation by a Participant, Designated Beneficiary shall mean the
Participant's estate.

7. Other Stock-Based Awards
   ------------------------

     The Board shall have the right to grant other Awards based upon the Common
Stock having such terms and conditions as the Board may determine, including the
grant of shares based upon certain conditions, the grant of securities
convertible into Common Stock and the grant of stock appreciation rights.

8. Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

     (a) Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse
         -------------------------
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the per-Participant limit set forth in Section 4(b), (iii) the number and
class of securities and exercise price per share subject to each outstanding
Option, (iv) the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding
Restricted Stock Award, and (v) the terms of each other outstanding Award shall
be appropriately adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if
applicable) to the extent the Board shall determine, in good faith, that such an
adjustment (or substitution) is necessary and appropriate. If this Section 8(a)
applies and Section 8(c) also applies to any event, Section 8(c) shall be
applicable to such event, and this Section 8(a) shall not be applicable.

     (b) Liquidation or Dissolution. In the event of a proposed liquidation or
         --------------------------
dissolution of the Company, the Board shall upon written notice to the
Participants provide that all then unexercised Options will (i) become
exercisable in full as of a specified time at least 10 business days prior to
the effective date of such liquidation or dissolution and (ii) terminate
effective upon such liquidation or dissolution, except to the extent exercised
before such effective date. The Board may specify the effect of a liquidation or
dissolution on any Restricted Stock Award or other Award granted under the Plan
at the time of the grant of such Award.

     (c) Acquisition Events
         ------------------

          (1) Definition. An "Acquisition Event" shall mean: (a) any merger or
              ----------
consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which
the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash,
securities or other property or (b) any exchange of shares of the Company for
cash, securities or other property pursuant to a statutory share exchange
transaction.

          (2) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Options. Upon the
              -----------------------------------------------
occurrence of an Acquisition Event, or the execution by the Company of any
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Event, the Board shall provide that all
outstanding Options shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof). For purposes hereof, an Option shall be considered to be assumed if,
following consummation of the Acquisition Event, the Option confers the right to
purchase, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Option immediately prior
to the consummation of the Acquisition Event, the consideration (whether cash,
securities or other property) received as a result of the Acquisition Event by
holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to
the consummation of the Acquisition Event (and if holders were offered a choice
of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that if the
consideration received as a result of the Acquisition Event is not solely common
stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the
Company may, with the consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation,
provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of Options to
consist solely of common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an
affiliate thereof) equivalent in Fair Market Value to the per share
consideration received by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a
result of the Acquisition Event.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to assume, or substitute
for, such Options, then the Board shall, upon written notice to the
Participants, provide that all then outstanding Options will become exercisable
in full as of a specified time prior to the Acquisition Event and will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of such Acquisition Event, except to the
extent exercised by the Participants before the consummation of such Acquisition
Event; provided, however, that in the event of an Acquisition Event under the
terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon consummation thereof a
cash payment for each share of Common Stock surrendered pursuant to such
Acquisition Event (the "Acquisition Price"), then the Board may instead provide
that all outstanding Options shall terminate upon consummation of such
Acquisition Event and that each Participant shall receive, in exchange therefor,
a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by which (A) the Acquisition Price
multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which such
outstanding Options are then exercisable, exceeds (B) the aggregate exercise
price of such Options. To the extent all or any portion of an Option becomes
exercisable solely as a result of the first sentence of this paragraph, upon
exercise of such Option the Participant shall receive shares subject to a right
of repurchase by the Company or its successor at the Option exercise price. Such
repurchase right (1) shall not apply to (y) any shares subject to the Option
that were exercisable under its terms without regard to the first sentence of
this paragraph and (z) up to an additional 25% of the shares (applied pro rata
over all vesting periods accelerated pursuant to the first sentence of this
paragraph) subject to the Option that were not exercisable under its terms
without regard to the first sentence of this paragraph and (2) shall lapse at
the same rate as the Option would have become exercisable under its terms (with
respect to the shares that are subject to the repurchase right).

          If any Option provides that it may be exercised for shares of Common
Stock which remain subject to a repurchase right in favor of the Company, upon
the occurrence of an Acquisition Event, any shares of restricted stock received
upon exercise of such Option shall be treated in accordance with Section 8(c)(3)
as if they were a Restricted Stock Award.

          (3) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Restricted Stock Awards.
              ---------------------------------------------------------------
Upon the occurrence of an Acquisition Event, the repurchase and other rights of
the Company under each outstanding Restricted Stock Award shall be assumed or
substituted by and shall inure to the benefit of the Company's successor and
shall apply to the cash, securities or other property which the Common Stock was
converted into or exchanged for pursuant to such Acquisition Event in the same
manner and to the same extent as they applied to the Common Stock subject to
such Restricted Stock Award.

          (4) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Other Awards. The Board
              ----------------------------------------------------
shall specify the effect of an Acquisition Event on any other Award granted
under the Plan at the time of the grant of such Award.

9. General Provisions Applicable to Awards
   ---------------------------------------

     (a) Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise determine
         -------------------------
or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged
or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are granted, either
voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only
by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the
context, shall include references to authorized transferees.

     (b) Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced by a written instrument in
         -------------
such form as the Board shall determine. Each Award may contain terms and
conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

     (c) Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each Award
         ----------------
may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of
each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat Participants
uniformly.

     (d) Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on an Award
         ---------------------
of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or other
change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to
which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise
rights under the Award.

     (e) Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
         -----------
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act,
Participants may satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of
shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the Award creating the
tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value, such that the total tax
withholding cannot exceed the Company's minimum statutory withholding (based on
minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes,
including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable
income). The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax
obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant.

     (f) Amendment of Award. The Board may amend, modify or terminate any
         ------------------
outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another
Award of the same or a different type, and changing the date of exercise or
realization, provided that the Participant's consent to such action shall be
required unless the Board determines that the action, taking into account any
related action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.

     (g) Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to
         -------------------------------
deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove
restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all
conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the
Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all other legal matters
in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied,
including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or
stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and
delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may
consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules
or regulations.

     (h) Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Options shall
         ------------
become immediately exercisable in full or in part, that any Restricted Stock
Awards shall be free of restrictions in full or in part or that any other Awards
may become exercisable in full or in part or free of some or all restrictions or
conditions, or otherwise realizable in full or in part, as the case may be.

10. Miscellaneous
    -------------

     (a) No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any claim
         --------------------------------------
or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

     (b) No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the applicable
         ------------------------
Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights as a
stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with
respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the
Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the
number of shares subject to such Option are adjusted as of the date of the
distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such
dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option between the record date and
the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive, on
the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common
Stock acquired upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such
shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for
such stock dividend.

     (c) Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on the
         -------------------------------
date on which it is adopted by the Board (the "Effective Date"). No Awards shall
be granted under the Plan after the completion of ten years from the Effective
Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date.

     (d) Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan
         -----------------
or any portion thereof at any time.

     (e) Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made hereunder
         -------------
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
