<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10_39.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.39 EPRESENCE SUBLEASE
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.39
                                                                   -------------
                                    SUBLEASE

THIS SUBLEASE dated January 1, 2003 between ePresence, Inc. (the "Sublandlord")
and Switchboard, Inc. (the "Subtenant").

                                    ARTICLE I

                                 REFERENCE DATA

     1.1 Subjects Referred To.
         --------------------

     Each  reference in this Sublease to any of the following  subjects shall be
construed to incorporate the data stated for that subject in this Section 1.1:

Date of Sublease:           January 1, 2003

Sublandlord:                ePresence, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation

Sublandlord's Address:      120 Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts 01581

Subtenant:                  Switchboard, Inc., a Delaware corporation

Subtenant's Address:        120 Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts 01581

Headlandlord:               Commonwealth Westborough Limited Partnership

Headlandlord's Address      c/o J.F. White Properties, Inc.
                            One Gateway Center, Suite 500
                            Newton, MA 02158

Headlease:                  Lease Agreement dated April 21, 1989 by and
                            between CB Westborough C limited
                            Partnership, as landlord, and Sublandlord as
                            tenant, as amended from time to time.
                            Commonwealth Westborough Limited Partnership
                            is the successor in interest to
                            CB-Westborough C Limited Partnership.

Headlease                   Premises: The premises situated at 120
                            Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts,
                            as described in the Headlease, containing
                            approximately 79,203 rentable square feet
                            (constituting all of the rentable square
                            feet in the building) (the "Building").

Premises:                   The Premises are shown in Exhibit B attached hereto.

Rentable Floor Area
Of Premises:                17,463 on the first floor of the Building including
                            common areas.

Commencement Date:          January 1, 2003

Term Expiration Date:       December 31, 2003

Rent Commencement Date:     January 1, 2003
<PAGE>

Monthly Fixed Rent:         $18,918.25  ($13.00 per Sq. Ft.)

Security Deposit:           None

Utilities:                  All provided except for electricity, telephone and
                            Internet connectivity.

Electricity:                Separately metered, paid for by Subtenant directly
                            to utility company.

Permitted Uses:             All permitted uses in Headlease.

Parking                     Spaces Under the terms of the Headlease,
                            Subtenant, at Subtenant's expense may
                            install several visitor parking spaces in
                            front of the entrance to the Premises.
                            Subtenant shall be entitled to use of an
                            additional 100 general parking spaces.

Signs:                      Subject to signage criteria of Headlandlord
                            under the terms of the Headlease, Subtenant,
                            at Subtenants expense, may place signage at
                            the entrance to the Premises.

Cafeteria Access:           Allocated  on a per head  basis  at  commencement
                            of  Sublease,  and  revised  during  the Term as
                            applicable.

Health Club Access:         Ten (10) passes as included in Monthly Fixed Rent.


     1.2 Exhibits
         --------

     The exhibits listed below in this section are incorporated in this Sublease
by reference and are to be construed as part of this Sublease.

         EXHIBIT A                  Headlease
         EXHIBIT B                  Floor Plan of Premises


                                   ARTICLE II

                                PREMISES AND TERM

     2.1  Premises.  Subject to and with the benefit of the  provisions  of this
          --------
Sublease,  Sublandlord hereby subleases the Premises to Subtenant, and Subtenant
subleases  the Premises  from  Sublandlord.  The Premises are subleased in their
condition "as is" on the Commencement Date.

     2.2  Term.  To have  and to hold  beginning  on the  Commencement  Date and
          ----
continuing  until the Term  Expiration  Date (the  "Term"),  subject  to earlier
termination as provided herein.
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III

                                      RENT

     3.1 Monthly Fixed Rent.  Subtenant  shall Pay Sublandlord the Monthly Fixed
         ------------------
Rent in advance on the first  calendar  day of each month  included in the Term,
Commencing on the Rent Commencement Date. Monthly Fixed Rent shall include HVAC,
security and nightly janitorial service five (5) days per week.

     3.2 Additional Rent. Pursuant to the Headlease,  Sublandlord is required to
         ---------------
pay 100% of all operating,  tax,  maintenance  and repair costs for the Building
(as such terms are defined in the Headlease),  and such other amounts payable as
in the Headlease  (collectively,  the "Operating  Costs").  Subtenant  shall pay
Sublandlord as additional rent hereunder, 22% of any increase over the base year
of all  Operating  Costs  allocable to the periods of time  included in the Term
(the "Additional  Rent").  The Base Year for Operating Costs and Taxes are 2003.
Subtenant shall pay such amounts within ten (10) days of billing by Sublandlord,
which bills shall include, where applicable, copies of the applicable statements
from  Headlandlord.  Any surplus  shall be promptly  refunded to  Subtenant  and
Subtenant shall promptly pay any deficit in such payments after the Headlandlord
finally  determines the amounts payable by the Sublandlord  under the Headlease.
Capital  repairs  and  repairs to the roof,  structural  elements  and  Building
systems shall be the sole  responsibility  of the  Sublandlord  and shall not be
included in the Operating Costs.

     3.3  Electricity.   A  separate  meter  for  the  measurement  of  electric
          -----------
consumption  has been installed  covering the Premises.  Subtenant shall pay for
such  electric  consumption  directly  to the  utility  company  providing  such
service.

     3.4  Telephone.  Sublandlord  and  Subtenant  have  entered into a separate
          ---------
agreement covering charges for telephone usage.

     3.5 Internet  Connectivity.  Subtenant shall be responsible for payment for
         ----------------------
its internet connectivity.

     3.5 Payments.  All payments of Monthly Fixed Rent and Additional Rent shall
         --------
be made to Sublandlord at Sublandlord's  Address set forth in Section 1.1, or to
such other address as Sublandlord may designate by notice to Subtenant from time
to time.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                              SUBTENANT'S CONENANTS

     Subtenant  covenants  during the Term and such  further  time as  Subtenant
occupies any part of the Premises:

     4.1  Subtenant's  Payments.  Subtenant  shall pay all  Monthly  Fixed Rent,
          ---------------------
Additional Rent and any other amounts payable when due.

     4.2 Maintenance and Repair.  Subtenant  shall, at its own cost and expense,
         ----------------------
keep and maintain all parts of the interior of the Premises in good condition in
accordance with the Headlease.
<PAGE>

     4.3  Occupancy and Use.  Subtenant  shall not use the Premises for any uses
          -----------------
other than the Permitted  Uses,  and shall not make use of the Premises which is
prohibited by any applicable law, ordinance, code, regulation,  license, permit,
variances or governmental order.

     4.4 Alterations and additions.  Subtenant shall not make any  improvements,
         -------------------------
repairs, alterations, replacements, decorations and/or additions to the Premises
without first obtaining the written approval of the Sublandlord,  which approval
shall not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed,  and the written approval of the
Headlandlord on the terms and conditions set forth in the Headlease.

     All construction  work required or permitted by this Sublease shall be done
in a good and workmanlike  manner and in compliance with all applicable laws and
all lawful  ordinances,  regulations  and orders of  governmental  authority and
insurers of the Building.

     4.5  Assignment and  Subletting.  Except with  Sublandlord's  prior written
          --------------------------
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,  Subtenant
shall not assign, transfer, mortgage or pledge this Sublease, or sublease (which
term shall be deemed to include the granting of concessions and licenses and the
like) all or any part of the Premises,  or suffer or permit this Sublease or the
leasehold  estate hereby created or any other rights arising under this Sublease
to be  assigned,  transferred  or  encumbered,  in  whole  or in  part,  whether
voluntarily,  involuntarily  or by operation of law, or permit the  occupancy of
the Premises by anyone other than Subtenant. Any attempted assignment, transfer,
mortgage, pledge, sublease or encumbrance without such consent shall be void.

     In the event that any assignee or transferee of Subtenant pays to Subtenant
any amount in excess of the Monthly Fixed Rent,  Additional Rent and any amounts
and/or charges then payable hereunder,  Subtenant shall promptly pay one hundred
(100) percent of said excess to  Sublandlord  as and when received by Subtenant.
If Subtenant  shall receive from any assignee or transferee,  either directly or
indirectly, any consideration for the assignment of this Sublease, either in the
form of cash, goods or services, Subtenant shall pay an amount equivalent to one
hundred (100) percent of such  consideration to Sublandlord as and when received
by Subtenant.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, any assignment, transfer, mortgage or pledge
of this Sublease is subject to and conditioned upon receipt of the prior written
consent of the Headlandlord as provided in the Headlease.

     No assignment or subletting shall affect the continuing  primary  liability
of Subtenant (which,  following the assignment,  shall be joint and several with
the assignee).

     4.6 Indemnification. Except to the extent caused by the gross negligence or
         ---------------
willful  misconduct of Landlord,  its agents,  servants or employees,  Subtenant
shall  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  Sublandlord,   Sublandlord's  agents  and
employees,  from and  against  any and all claims,  demands,  suits,  judgments,
liabilities,  costs  and  expenses,  including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
damages, both real and alleged, arising out of or in connection with Subtenant's
use and possession of the Premises,  or arising out of the failure of Subtenant,
its agents,  contractors or employees to perform any covenant, term or condition
of this Sublease or the Headlease to be performed by the Subtenant hereunder, or
any injury to person or damage to property on or about the  Premises,  resulting
in part or whole by the  negligence  or  misconduct  of  Subtenant,  its agents,
servants  or  employees.  Sublandlord  agrees to  indemnify  and hold  Subtenant
harmless  from  and  against  any and all  claims,  demands,  suits,  judgments,
liabilities,  costs and expenses,  including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising
out of the failure of  Sublandlord,  its agents,  contractors  or  employees  to
perform any covenant,  term or condition of this Sublease or of the Headlease to
be performed by Sublandlord Hereunder.
<PAGE>

     4.5 Insurance.  Subtenant  shall  maintain in responsible  companies with a
         ---------
general  policy  rating of A or better and a financial  class of VI or better by
A.M.  Best,  Inc.  and  qualified  to  do  business  and  in  good  standing  in
Massachusetts,  comprehensive  general liability insurance covering the Premises
insuring  Sublandlord and  Headlandlord as well as Subtenant,  with limits which
shall at the  commencement of the term, be at least $2,000,000 per occurrence in
respect to injury to person  (including  death) and from time to time during the
Term shall be for such higher limits, if any, as are customarily  carried in the
Marlborough and Westborough areas with respect to similar  properties,  property
damage  insurance  which  shall  at the  commencement  of the  Term be at  least
$500,000 per occurrence in respect to property damage or destruction,  including
loss or use thereof and worker's  compensation  insurance with statutory  limits
covering all of  Subtenant's  employees  working in the  Premises.  In addition,
Subtenant shall be responsible for insuring its personal property.  Prior to the
Commencement   Date,   Subtenant  shall  deposit   promptly  with   Sublandlord,
certificates of such insurance naming Sublandlord and Headlandlord as additional
insured,  and all  renewals  thereof  not less than  fifteen  (15) days prior to
expiration  bearing the  endorsement  that the policies will not be cancelled or
change to reduce insurance provided thereby until after thirty (30) days written
notice to Sublandlord.


                                    ARTICLE V

                               CASUALTY AND TAKING

     5.1 Termination of Headlease. In the event that during the Term, all or any
         ------------------------
part of the Premises or the Headlease  Premises are destroyed or damaged by fire
or other  casualty,  or taken by  eminent  domain,  and  either  Sublandlord  or
Headlandlord  terminates  the  Headlease  pursuant to its terms  because of such
damage,  destruction or taking,  then this Sublease shall likewise  terminate on
the same date that the Headlease  terminates.  Sublandlord  shall give Subtenant
prompt notice of such termination and the date on which it shall occur.

     5.2 Repair and  Restoration.  In the event any such damage,  destruction or
         -----------------------
taking of the Premises and this Sublease is not  terminated  pursuant to section
5.1 above, then Sublandlord shall use reasonable effort to cause Headlandlord to
repair and  restore  the  Premises  to the extent  required  by the terms of the
Headlease.

     5.3  Reservation  of Award.  Any and all rights to receive  awards made for
          ---------------------
damages to the Premises and the leasehold  hereby created  accruing by reason of
exercise of eminent  domain or by reason of anything  lawfully done in pursuance
of public or other  authority,  are reserved to  Sublandlord  and  Headlandlord.
Subtenant  hereby  releases  and assigns to  Sublandlord  and  Headlandlord  all
Subtenant's  rights  to such  awards  and  covenants  to  deliver  such  further
assignments and assurances thereof as Sublandlord and Headlandlord may from time
to time request.
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                    HEADLEASE

     6.1  Sublease  Subject  to  Headlease.  This  Sublease  is  subject  to the
          --------------------------------
Headlease. Subject to the terms of this Section 6.1, all terms and conditions of
the  Headlease  are  incorporated  into and made a part of this  Sublease  as if
Sublandlord were the landlord  thereunder and Subtenant were the tenant. In case
of a conflict  between the  incorporated  provisions  of the  Headlease  and the
remaining  provisions  of this  Sublease,  the later  shall  control.  Subtenant
assumes  and agrees to perform  the  tenant's  obligations  under the  Headlease
during the Term,  except  that the  obligation  to pay rent or other  amounts to
Headlandlord  under the Headlease  shall not be an obligation of Subtenant,  and
Subtenant shall pay the rent to Sublandlord under this Sublease. Subtenant shall
not commit or suffer any act or omission that will violate any of the provisions
of the Headlease.

     If the  Headlease  terminates  as a result  of a  default  or breach of the
Subtenant under this Sublease and/or the Headlease,  then the Subtenant shall be
liable to the  Sublandlord  for the direct damages  suffered as a result of such
termination.  Subtenant  covenants  not to commit or suffer any act or  omission
that will violate the Headlease.

     6.2 Excluded Obligations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
         --------------------
the incorporated provisions of the Headlease are amended or qualified as
follows:

     i. Sublandlord  shall not be liable under any  circumstances  for a loss or
injury  to  property,  or  interference  with  Subtenant's   business,   however
occurring, incidental to any failure to furnish any utilities or services.

     ii. Sublandlord shall have no responsibility to perform or construct (or to
pay  the  cost  of  performing  or  constructing)  any  repair,  maintenance  or
improvement in or to the Premises,  except as specifically  set forth in Section
2.1 of this  Sublease,  and except for repair and  maintenance  of the Premises'
HVAC systems, plumbing systems and twenty-four (24) hour card access system.

     iii.  Rent shall be abated  under  this  Sublease  only to the extent  that
Sublandlord receives a corresponding rent abatement under the Headlease.

     iv.  Wherever the Headlease  grants to  Sublandlord a grace or cure period,
the  corresponding  grace or cure period  under this  Sublease  shall be two (2)
business days shorter in duration.

     The parties  acknowledge that  Sublandlord's  ability to satisfy certain of
its obligations to Subtenant under this Sublease is contingent upon the full and
timely  performance  of  Headlandlord's  obligations  under the  Headlease.  The
parties further  acknowledge that, while Sublandlord will use reasonable efforts
to  cause   Headlandlord  to  perform  its  obligations   under  the  Headlease,
Sublandlord  will not be liable to  Subtenant  for any  breach of  Sublandlord's
obligations  under this Sublease,  nor shall any breach  diminish  Sublandlord's
rights hereunder,  where the same is caused by or attributable to failure of the
Headlandlord to perform its obligations under the Headlease.

     6.3 Headlandlord's Rights.  Headlandlord shall have all rights with respect
         ---------------------
to the Premises which it has reserved to itself as landlord under the Headlease.
<PAGE>

     6.4 Termination of Headlease. In the event that Headlandlord terminates the
         ------------------------
Headlease  pursuant  to its  terms  or the  Headlease  otherwise  terminates  or
Expires, this Sublease shall likewise simultaneously terminate.


                                   ARTICLE VII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     7.1 Notices from One Party to the Other.  All notices required or permitted
         -----------------------------------
hereunder  shall be in writing,  duly signed by the party giving such notice and
transmitted by prepaid  registered or certified mail, return receipt  requested,
by telegram or telefax, or delivered by hand and addressed as follows:

         to Sublandlord:            ePresence, Inc.
                                    120 Flanders Road
                                    Westborough, MA 01581
                                    Fax. No. (508) 836 3281
                                    Attn. Contracts and Legal Dept.

         To Subtenant:              Switchboard, Inc.
                                    120 Flanders Road
                                    Westborough, MA 01581
                                    Fax. No. (508) 898 8222
                                    Attn. General Counsel

Or to such other address as Sublandlord or Subtenant shall designate by written
notice to each other. Any notice shall be deemed duly given on the second
business day following the date of mailing, or when delivered to such address by
hand, or if transmitted by telefax or telegram, on the business day received.

     7.2 Estoppel Certificates. Upon not less than twenty (20) days prior notice
         ---------------------
by  the  Sublandlord,  Subtenant  shall  execute,  acknowledge  and  deliver  to
Sublandlord  a statement  in writing,  addressed  to such person as  Sublandlord
shall  designate,  certifying  (a) that this Sublease is unmodified  and in full
force and effect,  (b) the dates to which  Monthly Fixed Rent,  additional  Rent
have been paid, and (c) that  Sublandlord is not in default  hereunder (or if in
default, specifying the nature of such default in reasonable detail). The person
to whom it is addressed  as to the facts  stated  therein may rely upon any such
certificate.

     7.3 Brokerage.  Subtenant and  Sublandlord  mutually  represent and warrant
         ---------
that they have dealt with no broker in connection  with this  transaction.  Each
agrees to defend, indemnify and save the other harmless from and against any and
all costs,  expenses or liability  for any  compensation,  commission or charges
claimed by any broker or agent with respect to the indemnifying party's dealings
in connection with this Sublease.

     7.4  Applicable  Law.  This  Sublease  shall be governed  and  construed in
          ---------------
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
<PAGE>

     7.5 Security Deposit. None required.
         ----------------

     7.6 Construction.  If any terms,  covenant,  condition or provision of this
         ------------
Sublease  or the  application  thereof to any person or  circumstances  shall be
declared  invalid or  unenforceable  by the final ruling of a court of competent
jurisdiction having final review, the remaining terms, covenants, conditions and
provisions of this sublease and there  application  to persons or  circumstances
shall not be affected  thereby and shall  continue to be enforced and recognized
as valid agreements of the parties.

     This Sublease  constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties hereto
with respect to the  transactions  contemplated  herein,  and it supercedes  all
prior discussions, undertakings or agreements, including without limitations the
Offer to Sublease, between the parties.

     There are no oral or written agreements  between  Sublandlord and Subtenant
affecting this Sublease. This Sublease may be amended, and the provisions hereof
may be waived or modified, only by instruments in writing executed by authorized
representatives of Sublandlord and Subtenant.

     The titles of the several  Articles and Sections  contained  herein are for
convenience only and shall not be considered in construing this Sublease.

     Unless repugnant to the context,  the words  "Sublandlord"  and "Subtenant"
appearing  in this  Sublease  shall be  construed  to mean those named above and
their respective heirs,  executors,  administrators,  successor and assigns, and
those  claiming  through or under them  respectively.  If there be more than one
tenant,  the obligations  imposed by this Sublease upon Subtenant shall be joint
and several.

     7.7 Access and Security.  Normal  Building hours shall be from 7:00a.m.  to
         -------------------
6:00p.m.  Monday through Friday.  The Building has a twenty-four  (24) hour card
access system. Subtenant shall be responsible for its own security access at the
entrance to the Premises.

     7.8 Signs.  Subject to the prior written  approval and signage  criteria of
         -----
Headlandlord  under  the  terms  of the  Headlease,  Subtenant,  at  Subtenant's
expense, may place signage at the side entrance to the Premises.

     7.9 Cafeteria.  Subtenant  shall have the right to use the cafeteria in the
         ---------
Building  during  the Term of this  Sublease  under the terms of a cost  sharing
arrangement separate from this agreement.

     7.10 Health Club Access.  Sublandlord shall make available to Subtenant, at
          ------------------
no additional  cost to Subtenant,  ten (10) passes to the health club located in
the Building for use during the Term of this Sublease.

<PAGE>

     THIS  SUBLEASE  is  executed  as  a  sealed   instrument  in  two  or  more
counterparts on the day and year first written above.

SUBLANDLORD                                 SUBTENANT

EPRESENCE, INC.                             SWITCHBOARD, INC.

By:    /s/Richard M. Spaulding        By:    /s/Robert P. Orlando
       -----------------------               --------------------
Name:  Richard M. Spaulding           Name:  Robert P. Orlando
       --------------------                  -----------------
Title: SVP & CFO                      Title: VP & CFO
       ---------                             --------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
