<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex1012.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.12
                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

     This Agreement is made as of this ___ day of November 2002 ("Agreement"),
by and between CIRCOR International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company," which term shall include, where appropriate, any Entity (as
hereinafter defined) controlled directly or indirectly by the Company) and
________ ("Indemnitee").

     WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company that it be able to retain and
attract as officers and directors the most capable persons available;

     WHEREAS, increased corporate litigation has subjected officers and
directors to litigation risks and expenses, and the limitations on the
availability of directors and officers liability insurance have made it
increasingly difficult for the Company to attract and retain such persons;

     WHEREAS, the Company's Amended and Restated By-laws require it to indemnify
its officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law and permit it
to make other indemnification arrangements and agreements;

     WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide Indemnitee with specific
contractual assurance of Indemnitee's rights to full indemnification against
litigation risks and expenses (regardless of, among other things, any amendment
to or revocation of any such By-laws or any change in the ownership of the
Company or the composition of its Board of Directors); and

     WHEREAS, Indemnitee is relying upon the rights afforded under this
Agreement in continuing in Indemnitee's position as an officer or director of
the Company.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the covenants
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as
follows:

     1.   Definitions.

          (a)  "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is
serving or has served (i) as a director or officer of the Company, (ii) in any
capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan of the Company, or (iii) as a
director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of any other Entity at
the request of the Company. For purposes of subsection (iii) of this Section
1(a), an officer or director of the Company who is serving or has served as a
director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of a Subsidiary shall be
deemed to be serving at the request of the Company.

          (b)  "Entity" shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization
or other legal entity.

          (c)  "Expenses" shall mean all fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection with any Proceeding (as defined below), including, without
limitation, attorneys' fees, disbursements and retainers (including, without
limitation, any such fees,

                                        1

<PAGE>

disbursements and retainers incurred by Indemnitee pursuant to Sections 10 and
11(c) of this Agreement), fees and disbursements of expert witnesses, private
investigators and professional advisors (including, without limitation,
accountants and investment bankers), court costs, transcript costs, fees of
experts, travel expenses, duplicating, printing and binding costs, telephone and
fax transmission charges, postage, delivery services, secretarial services, and
other disbursements and expenses.

          (d)  "Indemnifiable Expenses," "Indemnifiable Liabilities" and
"Indemnifiable Amounts" shall have the meanings ascribed to those terms in
Section 3(a) below.

          (e)  "Liabilities" shall mean judgments, damages, liabilities, losses,
penalties, excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement.

          (f)  "Proceeding" shall mean any threatened, pending or completed
claim, action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution process,
investigation, administrative hearing, appeal, or any other proceeding, whether
civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative, whether formal or
informal, including a proceeding initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 10
of this Agreement to enforce Indemnitee's rights hereunder.

          (g)  "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture, trust or other Entity of which the Company
owns (either directly or through or together with another Subsidiary of the
Company) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest
or (ii) (A) 50% or more of the voting power of the voting capital equity
interests of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture or other Entity, or (B) 50% or more of the outstanding voting capital
stock or other voting equity interests of such corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, joint venture or other Entity.

     2.   Services of Indemnitee. In consideration of the Company's covenants
and commitments hereunder, Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve as a
director or officer of the Company. However, this Agreement shall not impose any
obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitee's service to the
Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or
commitments of the parties, if any.

     3.   Agreement to Indemnify. The Company agrees to indemnify Indemnitee as
follows:

          (a)  Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 4(a) below, if
Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
Proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of
Indemnitee's Corporate Status, Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company
against all Expenses and Liabilities incurred or paid by Indemnitee in
connection with such Proceeding (referred to herein as "Indemnifiable Expenses"
and "Indemnifiable Liabilities," respectively, and collectively as
"Indemnifiable Amounts").

          (b)  Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 4(b) below, if
Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
Proceeding by or

                                        2

<PAGE>

in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee's Corporate Status, Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company
against all Indemnifiable Expenses.

          (c)  If Indemnitee, in connection with Indemnitee's Corporate Status,
is compelled or asked to be a witness in connection with any Proceeding but is
not otherwise a Party or threatened to be made a party to such Proceeding,
Indemnitee shall be indemnified by the Company against all Indemnifiable
Expenses.

     4.   Exceptions to Indemnification. Indemnitee shall be entitled to
indemnification under Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above in all circumstances other
than the following:

          (a)  If indemnification is requested under Section 3(a) and it has
been adjudicated finally by a court of competent jurisdiction that, in
connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which the claim for
indemnification has arisen, Indemnitee failed to act (i) in good faith and (ii)
in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitee's conduct was
unlawful, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment of Indemnifiable Amounts
hereunder.

          (b)  If indemnification is requested under Section 3(b) and

               (i)  it has been adjudicated finally by a court of competent
jurisdiction that, in connection with the subject of the Proceeding out of which
the claim for indemnification has arisen, Indemnitee failed to act (A) in good
faith and (B) in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to
payment of Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder; or

               (ii) it has been adjudicated finally by a court of competent
jurisdiction that Indemnitee is liable to the Company with respect to any claim,
issue or matter involved in the Proceeding out of which the claim for
indemnification has arisen, including, without limitation, a claim that
Indemnitee received an improper personal benefit, no Indemnifiable Expenses
shall be paid with respect to such claim, issue or matter unless the Court of
Chancery or another court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all
the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such Indemnifiable Expenses which such court shall deem proper.

     5.   Procedure for Payment of Indemnifiable Amounts. Indemnitee shall
submit to the Company a written request specifying the Indemnifiable Amounts for
which Indemnitee seeks payment under Section 3 of this Agreement and the basis
for the claim. The Company shall pay such Indemnifiable Amounts to Indemnitee
within twenty (20) calendar days of receipt of the request. At the request of
the Company, Indemnitee shall furnish such documentation and information as are
reasonably available to Indemnitee and necessary to establish that Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification hereunder.

     6.   Indemnification for Expenses of a Party Who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and without
limiting any such

                                        3

<PAGE>

provision, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitee's Corporate
Status, a party to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any
Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee's behalf in connection therewith. If
Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the
merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or
matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all
Expenses reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee's behalf in
connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes
of this Agreement, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a
Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a
successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

     7.   Effect of Certain Resolutions. Neither the settlement or termination
of any Proceeding nor the failure of the Company to award indemnification or to
determine that indemnification is payable shall create an adverse presumption
that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. In addition, the
termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or
upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not create a presumption
that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to
believe that Indemnitee's action was unlawful.

     8.   Agreement to Advance Expenses; Conditions. The Company shall pay to
Indemnitee all Indemnifiable Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
any Proceeding, including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company, in
advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding. To the extent required by
Delaware law, Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay the amount of Indemnifiable
Expenses paid to Indemnitee if it is finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled under this Agreement to
indemnification with respect to such Expenses. This undertaking is an unlimited
general obligation of Indemnitee.

     9.   Procedure for Advance Payment of Expenses. Indemnitee shall submit to
the Company a written request specifying the Indemnifiable Expenses for which
Indemnitee seeks an advancement under Section 8 of this Agreement, together with
documentation evidencing that Indemnitee has incurred such Indemnifiable
Expenses. Payment of Indemnifiable Expenses under Section 8 shall be made no
later than twenty (20) calendar days after the Company's receipt of such
request.

                                        4

<PAGE>

     10.  Remedies of Indemnitee.

          (a)  Right to Petition Court. In the event that Indemnitee makes a
request for payment of Indemnifiable Amounts under Sections 3 and 5 above or a
request for an advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses under Sections 8 and 9
above and the Company fails to make such payment or advancement in a timely
manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee may petition the
Court of Chancery to enforce the Company's obligations under this Agreement.

          (b)  Burden of Proof. In any judicial proceeding brought under Section
10(a) above, the Company shall have the burden of proving by clear and
convincing evidence that Indemnitee is not entitled to payment of Indemnifiable
Amounts hereunder.

          (c)  Expenses. The Company agrees to reimburse Indemnitee in full for
any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with investigating, preparing
for, litigating, defending or settling any action brought by Indemnitee under
Section 10(a) above, or in connection with any claim or counterclaim brought by
the Company in connection therewith.

          (d)  Validity of Agreement. The Company shall be precluded from
asserting in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, an action under
Section 10(a) above, that the provisions of this Agreement are not valid,
binding and enforceable or that there is insufficient consideration for this
Agreement and shall stipulate in court that the Company is bound by all the
provisions of this Agreement.

          (e)  Failure to Act Not a Defense. The failure of the Company
(including its Board of Directors or any committee thereof, independent legal
counsel or stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility
of the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Indemnifiable
Expenses under this Agreement shall not be a defense in any action brought under
Section 10(a) above, and shall not create a presumption that such payment or
advancement is not permissible.

     11.  Defense of the Underlying Proceeding.

          (a)  Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to notify the Company
promptly upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint,
indictment, information, or other document relating to any Proceeding which may
result in the payment of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of
Indemnifiable Expenses hereunder; provided, however, that the failure to give
any such notice shall not disqualify Indemnitee from the right to receive
payments of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancements of Indemnifiable Expenses
unless the Company is materially and adversely prejudiced thereby.

          (b)  Indemnitee's Option to Control Defense. Subject to the provisions
of Section 11(c) below, the Indemnitee shall have the right to control the
defense of any Proceeding brought against the Indemnitee including, but not
limited to, the selection of defense counsel and the determination of whether or
not to consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or enter into any
settlement or compromise. Alternatively,

                                        5

<PAGE>

Indemnitee may elect to tender defense of the Proceeding to the Company by
providing the Company with written notice as soon as practicable after
Indemnitee has learned of the circumstances giving rise to Indemnitee's claim
for indemnification in connection with such Proceeding. Upon receipt of
Indemnitee's notice tendering defense of the Proceeding to the Company, the
Company, at the Company's sole cost and expense, shall provide such defense with
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee. In no event, however, shall the
Company consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or enter into
any settlement or compromise without the prior written consent of the
Indemnitee.

          (c)  Limitations of Defense by Indemnitee. Notwithstanding paragraph
11(b) above and except as otherwise provided by paragraph 11(d) below, the
Company's obligation to indemnify Indemnitee with respect to legal fees shall be
limited to the fees charged by counsel unanimously selected by Indemnitee and
all other persons similarly entitled to indemnification by the Company in the
same Proceeding on account of their Corporate Status to defend the interests of
all such persons entitled to indemnification. .

          (d)  Indemnitee's Right to Individual Counsel. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 11(c) above, if in a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a
party by reason of Indemnitee's Corporate Status, Indemnitee reasonably
concludes that it may have separate defenses or counterclaims to assert with
respect to any issue which may not be consistent with the position of other
defendants in such Proceeding, , Indemnitee shall be entitled to be represented
by separate legal counsel of Indemnitee's choice at the expense of the Company.
In addition, if the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations under
this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other person takes any
action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any
action, suit or proceeding to deny or to recover from Indemnitee the benefits
intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall have the right
to retain counsel of Indemnitee's choice, at the expense of the Company, to
represent Indemnitee in connection with any such matter.

     12.  Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby
represents and warrants to Indemnitee as follows:

          (a)  Authority. The Company has all necessary power and authority to
enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement, and the execution,
delivery and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized by the Company.

          (b)  Enforceability. This Agreement, when executed and delivered by
the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall be a legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

                                        6

<PAGE>

     13.  Insurance.

          (a)  Prior to any Change of Control. Prior to any Change in Control
(as defined in paragraph 13(c) below), the Company shall, from time to time,
make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for the
Company to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance with a
reputable insurance company providing Indemnitee with coverage for losses from
wrongful acts, and to ensure the Company's performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations, the Company will
weigh the costs of obtaining such insurance coverage against the protection
afforded by such coverage. In all policies of director and officer liability
insurance, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to
provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most
favorably insured of the Company's officers and directors. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain such
insurance if the Company determines in good faith that such insurance is not
reasonably available, if the premium costs for such insurance are
disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, or if the coverage provided
by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient
benefit. The Company shall promptly notify Indemnitee of any good faith
determination not to provide such coverage.

          (b)  Upon a Change of Control. In the event of and immediately upon a
Change of Control (as defined in paragraph 13(c) below), the Company (or any
successor to the interests of the Company by way of merger, sale of assets or
otherwise) shall be obligated to continue, procure and/or otherwise maintain in
effect for a period of six (6) years from the date on which such Change of
Control is effective a policy or policies of insurance (the "Change of Control
Coverage") with an insurance company having a minimum rating by A.M. Best (or
its successor) of "excellent" providing Indemnitee with coverage for losses from
wrongful acts occurring on or before the effective date of the Change of
Control, and to ensure the Company's performance of its indemnification
obligations under this Agreement. If such insurance is in place immediately
prior to the Change of Control, then the Change of Control Coverage shall
contain limits, deductibles and exclusions substantially identical to those in
place immediately prior to the Change in Control. In the event that the Company
does not maintain such insurance immediately prior to the Change of Control, the
Change of Control Coverage shall contain such limits, deductibles and exclusions
as are customary for companies of similar size as determined by an insurance
brokerage company of national reputation, provided, however, that in no event
shall the Change of Control Coverage contain limits, deductibles and exclusions
that are less favorable to Indemnitee than those set forth in the policy or
policies most recently maintained by the Company. Each policy evidencing the
Change of Control Coverage shall contain an endorsement or other provision
requiring that Indemnitee be provided with at least sixty (60) days written
notice prior to the termination or non-renewal (as applicable) of such policy or
policies.

                                        7

<PAGE>

          (c)  Definition of "Change of Control". For purposes of this Section
13, the term "Change of Control" shall mean any of the following:

          (i) Any "person," as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act") or any trustee,
fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee
benefit plan or trust of the Parent or any of its subsidiaries), together with
all "affiliates" and "associates" (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Act) of such person, shall become the "beneficial owner" (as such term is
defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of
the Parent representing fifty percent (50%) or more of either (A) the combined
voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities having the right to
vote in an election of the Company's Board ("Voting Securities") or (B) the then
outstanding shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share
("Common Stock") (other than as a result of an acquisition of securities
directly from the Company); or

          (ii) Incumbent Directors (as defined below) cease for any reason,
including, without limitation, as a result of a tender offer, proxy contest,
merger or similar transaction, to constitute at least a majority of the Board;
or

          (iii) The stockholders of the Company shall approve (A) any
consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company,
immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after
the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule
13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the
aggregate fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting shares of the Company or
other party issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its
ultimate parent corporation, if any), (B) any sale, lease, exchange or other
transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or
arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company or (C) any plan or proposal for the liquidation or
dissolution of the Company.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be
deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (i) solely as the
result of an acquisition of securities by the Company which, by reducing the
number of shares of Common Stock or other Voting Securities outstanding,
increases the proportionate number of shares beneficially owned by any person to
fifty percent (50%) or more of either (A) the combined voting power of all of
the then outstanding Voting Securities or (B) Common Stock; provided, however,
that if any person referred to in this sentence shall thereafter become the
beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Securities or Common Stock
(other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, or similar transaction or
as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company) and
immediately thereafter beneficially owns fifty percent (50%) or more of either
(A) the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding Voting Securities
or (B) Common Stock, then a "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred
for purposes of the foregoing clause (i).

                                        8

<PAGE>

     14.  Contract Rights Not Exclusive. The rights to payment of Indemnifiable
Amounts and advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses provided by this Agreement
shall be in addition to, but not exclusive of, any other rights which Indemnitee
may have at any time under applicable law, the Company's By-laws or Certificate
of Incorporation, or any other agreement, vote of stockholders or directors (or
a committee of directors), or otherwise, both as to action in Indemnitee's
official capacity and as to action in any other capacity as a result of
Indemnitee's serving as an officer or director of the Company.

     15.  Successors. This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors
and assigns of the Company (including any transferee of all or a substantial
portion of the business, stock and/or assets of the Company and any direct or
indirect successor by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law)
and (b) binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, personal
representatives, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. This Agreement
shall continue for the benefit of Indemnitee and such heirs, personal
representatives, executors and administrators after Indemnitee has ceased to
have Corporate Status.

     16.  Subrogation. In the event of any payment of Indemnifiable Amounts
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such
payment to all of the rights of contribution or recovery of Indemnitee against
other persons, and Indemnitee shall take, at the request of the Company, all
reasonable action necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of
such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce
such rights.

     17.  Change in Law. To the extent that a change in Delaware law (whether by
statute or judicial decision) shall permit broader indemnification or
advancement of expenses than is provided under the terms of the By-laws of the
Company and this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to such broader
indemnification and advancements, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be
amended to such extent.

     18.  Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or any clause thereof,
shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid
or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or clause shall be limited
or modified in its application to the minimum extent necessary to make such
provision or clause valid, legal and enforceable, and the remaining provisions
and clauses of this Agreement shall remain fully enforceable and binding on the
parties.

     19.  Indemnitee as Plaintiff. Except as provided in Section 10(c) of this
Agreement and in the next sentence, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to payment
of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Indemnifiable Expenses with respect
to any Proceeding brought by Indemnitee against the Company, any Entity which it
controls, any director or officer thereof, or any third party, unless such
Company has consented to the initiation of such Proceeding. This Section shall
not apply to counterclaims or affirmative defenses asserted by Indemnitee in an
action brought against Indemnitee, nor shall this Section apply to any
Proceeding brought by Indemnitee in order to enforce Indemnitee's

                                        9

<PAGE>

rights under any policies of insurance that the Company has secured under
Section 13 above.

     20.  Modifications and Waiver. Except as provided in Section 17 above with
respect to changes in Delaware law which broaden the right of Indemnitee to be
indemnified by the Company, no supplement, modification or amendment of this
Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by each of the parties
hereto. This Agreement supercedes any prior indemnification agreements between
the Indemnitee and the Company. No waiver of any of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions
of this Agreement (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a
continuing waiver.

     21.  General Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given (a) when delivered by hand, (b) when transmitted by facsimile and
receipt is acknowledged, or (c) if mailed by certified or registered mail with
postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so
mailed:

                  (i)    If to Indemnitee, to:

                         [name of Indemnitee]
                         c/o CIRCOR International, Inc.
                         35 Corporate Drive
                         Burlington, Massachusetts 01803

                  (ii)   If to the Company, to:

                         CIRCOR International, Inc.
                         35 Corporate Drive
                         Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
                         Attn:  Corporate Counsel

or to such other address as may have been furnished in the same manner by any
party to the others.

     22.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced under the laws of Delaware without giving effect to the provisions
thereof relating to conflicts of law.

     23.  Consent to Jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
Delaware and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The
Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the
laying of venue of any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
in the courts of the State of Delaware or the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and
agrees not to plead or claim that any such Proceeding brought in any such court
has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

                                       10

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first above written.

                                                   CIRCOR INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                                             By:
                                                ----------------------------
                                             Name:
                                             Title:

                                                   INDEMNITEE:


                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   Name:

                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
