<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>w83033exv2w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.4

                          FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT
                      FOR PURCHASE AND SALE OF FCC LICENSES

      This FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE OF FCC LICENSES is
dated as of December 2, 2002 (this "Agreement") by and between Lafayette
Communications Company L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("SELLER"),
and Triton PCS License Company L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company
("BUYER").

                                R E C I T A L S:

      A. Seller and Buyer are parties to an Agreement for Purchase and Sale of
FCC Licenses, dated as of October 9, 2002 (the "PURCHASE AGREEMENT"). Any
capitalized term used, but not otherwise defined, herein shall have the meaning
given to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

      B. Seller and Buyer desire to amend the Purchase Agreement as set forth
herein.

                              A G R E E M E N T S:

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound,
do hereby agree as follows:

      1. Purchase Price. Section 2.2 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended
by deleting such Section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

                  "Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Licenses shall be
      One Hundred Fourteen Million Seven Hundred Forty One Thousand Five Hundred
      Eighty Seven Dollars ($114,741,587) (the "PURCHASE PRICE"), which shall be
      paid by Buyer as follows:

                  (a) Subject to Article 10 hereof and satisfaction of the
      conditions set forth in Articles 7 and 8 hereof (or waiver thereof by the
      parties entitled to the benefit thereof), at the Closing Buyer shall pay
      to Seller an amount equal to the Purchase Price, minus the FCC Debt Amount
      (such amount, the "ADJUSTED PURCHASE PRICE"); and

                  (b) Subject to Article 10 hereof and satisfaction of the
      conditions set forth in Articles 7 and 8 hereof (or waiver thereof by the
      parties entitled to the benefit thereof), at the Closing Buyer shall pay
      directly to the FCC the FCC Debt Amount."

      2. Schedule A. Schedule A to the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by
deleting such Schedule in its entirety and replacing it with Schedule 1 attached
to this Agreement.

<PAGE>

      3. HSR Filing. Section 6.2(c) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended
by deleting such Section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

                  "HSR Filing. Within ten (10) Business Days after delivery of
      written notice by Buyer to Seller in accordance with Section 11.3 of this
      Agreement requesting that the parties make, or cause to be made, any and
      all filings which are required under the HSR Act in connection with the
      transactions contemplated hereby, which notice shall in no event be given
      later than December 31, 2002, the parties shall make, or cause to be made,
      any and all filings which are required under the HSR Act (the "HSR
      APPROVAL") with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Each
      party shall furnish to the other such necessary information and reasonable
      assistance as any other party may request in connection with its
      preparation of necessary filings or submissions pursuant to the provisions
      of the HSR Act. If the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of
      Justice requests additional information from the parties or imposes any
      condition upon the transactions contemplated hereby, the parties will
      cooperate with each other, the Federal Trade Commission and the Department
      of Justice; provided, however, that nothing herein shall compel either
      party or any Affiliate of such party to comply with any condition imposed
      upon such party or such Affiliate that is adverse to the interests of such
      party or its Affiliates as determined by such party in the exercise of its
      reasonable business judgment. Buyer shall pay all filing fees, if any,
      required under the HSR Act."

      2. Representations and Warranties. Each party hereto hereby makes the
following representations and warranties to the other party hereto:

            (a) Such party has full power and authority to execute, deliver and
perform this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by such party have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary
action of such party (including all necessary action by any of its directors,
members, equity owners or managers, as applicable). This Agreement is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance
with its respective terms, except for the effect thereon of any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws affecting
the rights of creditors generally, and general principles of equity.

            (b) Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance with
or fulfillment of the terms, conditions and provisions hereof will result in a
Default under: (1) any note, indenture, instrument, agreement, contract,
mortgage, lease, license, franchise, permit or other authorization, rights
restriction or obligation to which such party is a party or by which such party
is, or any of its assets are, bound; (2) any Court Order to which such party is
a party or by which such party is, or any of its assets are, bound; (3) any
applicable Law; or (4) the Certificate of Formation or Limited Liability Company
Agreement of such party.

      6. Miscellaneous. The Purchase Agreement, as amended pursuant to this
Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms,
and all references in the Purchase Agreement to "this Agreement" and words of
similar import shall be deemed to


                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

mean the Purchase Agreement as so amended. All of the provisions of Article 11
of the Purchase Agreement shall apply to, and govern, this Agreement as if such
provisions were set forth in and as part of this Agreement, and they are hereby
deemed restated in full herein mutatis mutandis.

                        [END OF PAGE. SIGNATURES FOLLOW.]


                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this First Amendment to
Agreement for Purchase and Sale of FCC Licenses as of the date first above
written.

                                    LAFAYETTE COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY L.L.C.

                                    By:    /s/  John M. Duff, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  John M. Duff, Jr.
                                    Title: President


                                    TRITON PCS LICENSE COMPANY L.L.C.

                                    By:    Triton Management Company, Inc.,
                                           its manager

                                    By:    /s/  Daniel E. Hopkins
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Daniel E. Hopkins
                                    Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 1
     (TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE OF FCC LICENSES)

                                                                      SCHEDULE A
                            (to Agreement for Purchase and Sale of FCC Licenses)

                                  The Licenses


Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the contents of this schedule have
been omitted. A copy of the omitted schedule will be furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission upon their request.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
