<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

                      [HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS LETTERHEAD]

                                                  Robert S. Evans
                                                  Chairman
                                                  Huttig Building Products, Inc.
                                                  555 Maryville University Dr.
                                                  St. Louis, Missouri 63141


Mr. Barry M. Kulpa
3 Glen Forest
St. Louis, MO 63124

March 5, 2003

Dear Mr. Kulpa:

               This is to confirm your  resignation  effective  immediately from
your  employment  with Huttig  Building  Products,  Inc. (the  "Company") as its
President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its Board of Directors,
and from all  positions  as an  employee,  officer and director of any direct or
indirect  subsidiary of the Company.  In accordance with our prior  discussions,
you  will  be  entitled  to  the  following   (subject  to  all  applicable  tax
withholdings):

               (a) You have a negative balance in your cash subaccount under the
          Company's EVA Incentive  Compensation Plan, so you will be entitled to
          no further cash payments under that Plan, but you shall be entitled to
          retain any and all vested  shares of Company  Common Stock  previously
          issued to you under that Plan.  Any  shares of  restricted  stock that
          were not vested  immediately  prior to your termination of employment,
          whether  awarded to you under the EVA Incentive  Compensation  Plan or
          otherwise, as well as any stock options, shall expire and be forfeited
          as of the date of this letter.

               (b) You will be  entitled  to receive  payment  in full  promptly
          after the date of this letter of (i) any accrued but unpaid salary and
          payment  for any  accrued  vacation  and  (ii)  reimbursement  for any
          previously unreimbursed  Company-related business expenses (subject to
          presentation  of  adequate  supporting   documentation   therefor  and
          compliance   with   other   Company   policies    regarding    expense
          reimbursement).

               (c) During the period  beginning  on the date of this  letter and
          ending March 31, 2005 (the "Severance  Period"),  you will be entitled
          to receive severance pay in the form of salary continuation, at a rate
          equal to your current rate of base salary,  payable in accordance with
          the Company's  regular  payroll  practices.  In addition,  you will be
          entitled to continue to participate in the Company's health,  life and
          disability  insurance  plans,  and the Company will pay the portion of
          the plan costs that the Company  would pay if you  continued  to be an
          active  employee,  until the  earliest  of (i) the  expiration  of the
          Severance Period or (ii) the date you commence other employment.

               (d) All of your compensation and benefits,  to the extent accrued
          and vested  through but not after the date of this  letter,  under the
          Company's  benefit  plans  and  programs  shall  be  paid  to  you  in
          accordance with the terms of such plans and programs. Without limiting
          the generality of the foregoing, your vested stock options will expire
          90 days after the salaries  ends.  Car is continued  for the length of
          salary.

               In  consideration  for the  payments  and  benefits  that will be
provided to you under this Agreement, on behalf of yourself and your dependents,
heirs,  administrators,  representatives,  trustees,  beneficiaries,  executors,
successors,  assigns and any other person or entity, you hereby  unconditionally
release and forever discharge the Company and its agents,  officers,  directors,
employees,   parents,   attorneys,    subsidiaries,    divisions,    affiliates,
predecessors,  successors and assigns,  all their  respective  employee  benefit
plans and their  administrators,  trustees and other fiduciaries  (severally and
collectively  called the "Released  Parties") from

<PAGE>

any and all manner of  claims,  demands,  debts,  rights,  disputes,  judgments,
agreements,  losses,  costs, damages and liabilities of any kind whatsoever,  in
law or in equity,  whether  known or  unknown,  that you or any person or entity
acting for you now has or hereafter may have against any of the Released Parties
for any acts,  circumstances,  omissions, or events up to and including the date
hereof, it being your intention to effect a general release of all claims.  This
general  release  includes,  without in any way limiting the  generality  of the
foregoing,  all claims or causes of action  arising  out of or  relating to your
employment or termination of employment with the Company; and any claims arising
from any alleged violation by any of the Released Parties of any federal,  state
or  local  statutes,   ordinances,   rules,  Executive  Orders  or  regulations,
including,  but not limited to, any of the following,  as amended:  Title VII of
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with
Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Civil
Rights Act of 1991,  and the Age  Discrimination  in  Employment  Act, and every
other  source  of legal  rights  and  obligations  which  may be  waived  and/or
released;  provided,  however,  that the  foregoing  release shall not adversely
affect your rights under this letter.

               You acknowledge  that you have been given no less than twenty-one
(21) days to consider  this letter  agreement  before  executing it. You further
acknowledge  that you may revoke this  Agreement  for a period of seven (7) days
from the date you execute it (the "Revocation Period"), by notifying in writing,
Nick H. Varsam,  Vice President - General  Counsel,  Huttig  Building  Products,
Inc., 555 Maryville  University  Drive, St. Louis,  Missouri 63141. In the event
you revoke this agreement during the Revocation Period,  this agreement shall be
null and void in its entirety  and all of the  Company's  obligations  hereunder
shall cease immediately.

               Except as directed by the Board of Directors of the Company or as
may be required by law, you shall keep confidential and shall not divulge to any
other  person  or  entity  at any  time  any of the  business  secrets  or other
confidential information regarding the Company and its affiliates, except to the
extent that such  information  has become public  knowledge  through no fault of
yours.  Consistent with the Company's  policy,  you acknowledge that all papers,
books and records of every kind and  description  relating to the  business  and
affairs of the Company and its affiliates, whether or not prepared by you, other
than your personal  notes,  shall remain the sole and exclusive  property of the
Company,  and you shall  return them to the Company  promptly  after the date of
this letter.


               You agree  that you will not make,  publish  or  disseminate  any
derogatory  statements  or  comments,  whether  orally or in writing,  about the
Company or its  officers  or  directors,  or take any action  that a  reasonable
person would expect,  directly or indirectly,  to impair the goodwill,  business
reputation  or good  name of any of them.  In  addition,  during  the  Severance
Period,  you will,  if requested  by the Company from time to time,  consult and
cooperate  with the Company and its  representatives  and answer  questions with
regard to the business,  management and finances of the Company;  provided, that
the Company shall take  reasonable  measures to ensure that such  obligations do
not materially  interfere with any employment  opportunities or responsibilities
you may have during such Severance Period.  Finally, you agree to cooperate with
the  Company  in any  actual  or  threatened  litigation  or  other  proceedings
involving the Company or any of its affiliates.  Such cooperation shall include,
but not be limited to, testifying on the Company's behalf at depositions, before
administrative  or  regulatory  bodies  or in court or  arbitration  or  similar
proceedings.

               This  agreement  shall be  governed  by the laws of the  State of
Missouri, other than the conflict of laws provisions thereof.


<PAGE>



               This letter agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the
parties with respect to its subject matter,  supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings  with respect to such subject  matter,  and may be  terminated or
amended only by a writing  signed by all of the parties to this  Agreement.  The
Employment/Severance  Agreement between you and the Company, dated as of October
18, 1999, is hereby terminated in its entirety as of the date of this letter.


                                                 HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC.,


                                                 By:  /s/ Robert S. Evans
                                                      --------------------------
                                                      Robert S. Evans
                                                      Chairman of the Board

Agreed to and accepted by:

/s/ Barry J. Kulpa
--------------------------
Barry M. Kulpa


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
