<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f88691exv10w17.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.17
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.17
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                               SILICON VALLEY BANK
                                3003 TASMAN DRIVE
                              SANTA CLARA, CA 95054
                               ATTN: LOAN SERVICES
                                 (408) 496-2429

                                       AND

                                  IMANAGE, INC.
                                 950 TOWER LANE
                                    SUITE 500
                              FOSTER CITY, CA 94404

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                         Page(s)
                                                                         -------

1.    DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 1

   1.1 DEFINITIONS                                                             1
   1.2 ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS                                              8
   1.3 NO PRESUMPTION AGAINST ANY PARTY                                        9

2.     LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT                                               9

   2.1 LOANS                                                                   9
   2.2 OVERADVANCES                                                           15
   2.3 DEFAULT RATES, PAYMENTS, AND CALCULATIONS                              15
   2.4 CREDITING PAYMENTS                                                     15
   2.5 FEES                                                                   16
   2.6 ADDITIONAL COSTS                                                       16
   2.7 TERM                                                                   17

3.     CONDITIONS OF LOANS                                                    17

   3.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO INITIAL LOAN                                   17
   3.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ALL LOANS                                      17

4.     CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST                                          18

   4.1 GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST                                             18
   4.2 DELIVERY OF ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION REQUIRED                          18
   4.3 RIGHT TO INSPECT                                                       18

5.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                                         18

   5.1 DUE ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION                                     18
   5.2 DUE AUTHORIZATION; NO CONFLICT                                         18
   5.3 NO PRIOR ENCUMBRANCES                                                  19
   5.4 MERCHANTABLE INVENTORY                                                 19
   5.5 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY                                                  19
   5.6 NAME; LOCATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE                               19
   5.7 LITIGATION                                                             19
   5.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                     19
   5.9 SOLVENCY                                                               19
   5.10  REGULATORY COMPLIANCE                                                19
   5.11  ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION                                              20
   5.12  TAXES                                                                20
   5.13  SUBSIDIARIES                                                         20
   5.14  GOVERNMENT CONSENTS                                                  20
   5.15  FULL DISCLOSURE                                                      20

6.     AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS                                                  21

   6.1 GOOD STANDING                                                          21
   6.2 GOVERNMENT COMPLIANCE                                                  21
   6.3 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, REPORTS, CERTIFICATES                            21
   6.4 INVENTORY; RETURNS                                                     22
   6.5 TAXES                                                                  22
   6.6 INSURANCE                                                              22
   6.7 PRINCIPAL DEPOSITORY                                                   23
   6.8 FINANCIAL COVENANTS                                                    23
   6.9 REGISTRATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS                           23
<PAGE>
   6.10  CONTROL AGREEMENTS                                                   23
   6.11  FURTHER ASSURANCES                                                   24

7.     NEGATIVE COVENANTS                                                     24

   7.1 DISPOSITIONS                                                           24
   7.2 CHANGES IN BUSINESS, OWNERSHIP, OR MANAGEMENT, BUSINESS LOCATIONS      24
   7.3 MERGERS OR ACQUISITIONS                                                24
   7.4 INDEBTEDNESS                                                           24
   7.5 ENCUMBRANCES                                                           24
   7.6 DISTRIBUTIONS                                                          24
   7.7 INVESTMENTS                                                            24
   7.8 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES                                           25
   7.9 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENTS                                       25
   7.10  SUBORDINATED DEBT                                                    25
   7.11  INVENTORY                                                            25
   7.12  COMPLIANCE                                                           25

8.     EVENTS OF DEFAULT                                                      25

   8.1 PAYMENT DEFAULT                                                        25
   8.2 COVENANT DEFAULT                                                       26
   8.3 MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT                                                26
   8.4 ATTACHMENT                                                             26
   8.5 INSOLVENCY                                                             26
   8.6 OTHER AGREEMENTS                                                       26
   8.7 SUBORDINATED DEBT                                                      26
   8.8 JUDGMENTS                                                              27
   8.9 MISREPRESENTATIONS                                                     27

9.     BANK'S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES                                             27

   9.1 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES                                                    27
   9.2 POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                      28
   9.3 ACCOUNTS COLLECTION                                                    29
   9.4 BANK EXPENSES                                                          29
   9.5 BANK'S LIABILITY FOR COLLATERAL                                        29
   9.6 REMEDIES CUMULATIVE                                                    29
   9.7 DEMAND; PROTEST                                                        29

10.    NOTICES                                                                29


11.    CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL                          30


12.    GENERAL PROVISIONS                                                     30

   12.1  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS                                               30
   12.2  INDEMNIFICATION                                                      30
   12.3  TIME OF ESSENCE                                                      30
   12.4  SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS                                           30
   12.5  AMENDMENTS IN WRITING, INTEGRATION                                   31
   12.6  COUNTERPARTS                                                         31
   12.7  SURVIVAL                                                             31
   12.8  CONFIDENTIALITY                                                      31
   12.9  AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT                                            31
<PAGE>
This AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 16,
2002 (this "Agreement"), is between SILICON VALLEY BANK ("Bank") and IMANAGE,
INC., a Delaware corporation ("Borrower").

                                    RECITALS

      A. Borrower and Bank (as defined in the Prior Agreement) entered into that
certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 1999 (as amended, the
"Prior Agreement").

      B. Borrower and Bank desire to amend, restate, replace and supercede the
Prior Agreement in its entirety in accordance with the terms and provisions of
this Agreement.

The parties agree as follows:

      1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION

            1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following definitions:

                  "Accounts" means all presently existing and hereafter arising
accounts, contract rights, and all other forms of obligations owing to Borrower
arising out of the sale or lease of goods (including, without limitation, the
licensing of software and other technology) or the rendering of services by
Borrower, whether or not earned by performance, and any and all credit
insurance, guaranties, and other security therefor, as well as all merchandise
returned to or reclaimed by Borrower and Borrower's Books relating to any of the
foregoing.

                  "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any Person that
owns or controls directly or indirectly such Person, any Person that controls or
is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, and each of such
Person's senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that
is a limited liability company, such Persons, managers and members.

                  "Bank Expenses" means all reasonable costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in connection with
the preparation, negotiation, administration (limited to audit fees), and
enforcement of the Loan Documents; and Bank's reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses incurred in amending, enforcing or defending the Loan Documents,
(including fees and expenses of appeal or review, or those incurred in any
Insolvency Proceeding) whether or not suit is brought.

                  "Borrower's Books" means all of Borrower's books and records
including, without limitation: ledgers; records concerning Borrower's assets or
liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition; and all
computer programs, or tape files, and the equipment, containing such information
if such equipment is necessary for the review of such information.

                  "Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday,
or other day on which banks in the State of California are authorized or
required to close.
<PAGE>
                  "Cash Management Sublimit" means $4,000,000.00.

                  "Closing Date" means the date of this Agreement.

                  "Collateral" means the property described on Exhibit A
attached hereto.

                  "Contingent Obligation" means, as applied to any Person, any
direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with
respect to (i) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other
obligation of another, including, without limitation, any such obligation
directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made or discounted or sold with
recourse by that Person, or in respect of which that Person is otherwise
directly or indirectly liable; (ii) any obligations with respect to undrawn
letters of credit issued for the account of that Person; and (iii) all
obligations arising under any interest rate, currency or commodity swap
agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, or other
agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in
interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; provided that the
term "Contingent Obligation" shall not include endorsements for collection or
deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent
Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determined
amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated
liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person in good faith;
provided that such amount shall not in any event exceed the maximum amount of
the obligations under the guarantee or other support arrangement.

                  "Copyrights" means any and all copyright rights, copyright
applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work or
authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and
whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret, now or hereafter
existing, created, acquired or held.

                  "Credit Extension" is each Revolving Loan, Letter of Credit,
Equipment Loan, Term Loan A, Term Loan B, Term Loan C, Term Loan D or any other
extension of credit by Bank for Borrower's benefit.

                  "Default" means any condition or event which constitutes an
Event of Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both
would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.

                  "Eligible Equipment" is unencumbered new equipment, general
purpose computer equipment, office equipment, test, laboratory equipment and
furnishings which reside in the United States.

                  "Equipment" means all present and future machinery, computer
equipment, software, office equipment, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures,
vehicles, tools, parts and attachments in which Borrower has any interest.

                  "Equipment Availability End Date" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1.5.
<PAGE>
                  "Equipment Commitment" means a credit extension of up to
$1,000,000.00.

                  "Equipment Loan" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.5.

                  "Equipment Loan Amount" is the aggregate amount of the
Equipment Loan.

                  "Equipment Loan Rate" is, as of the date of determination, the
per annum rate of interest (based on a year of 360 days) equal to the greater
of: (i) the sum of (a) the Prime Rate, plus (b) 0.50%; or (ii) 4.75%.

                  "ERISA" means the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.

                  "Event of Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

                  "Exchange Contract" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.1.4.

                  "Funding Date" is any date on which an Equipment Loan is made
to or on account of Borrower.

                  "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles as in
effect in the United States from time to time.

                  "Indebtedness" means (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money
or the deferred purchase price of property or services, including without
limitation reimbursement and other obligations with respect to surety bonds and
letters of credit, (b) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or
similar instruments, (c) all capital lease obligations and (d) all Contingent
Obligations.

                  "Insolvency Proceeding" means any proceeding commenced by or
against any person or entity under any provision of the United States Bankruptcy
Code, as amended, or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including
assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria,
compositions, extension generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking
reorganization, arrangement, or other relief.

                  "Intellectual Property Collateral" means all right, title, and
interest of Borrower in any of the following, whether now existing or hereafter
acquired or created:

                  (a) Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, and Mask Works;

                  (b) Any and all trade secrets, and any and all intellectual
property rights in computer software and computer software products;

                  (c) Any and all design rights;
<PAGE>
                  (d) Any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and
future infringement of any of the rights included above, with the right, but not
the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement
of the intellectual property rights identified above;

                  (e) All licenses or other rights to use any of the Copyrights,
Patents, Trademarks, or Mask Works, and all license fees and royalties arising
from such use to the extent permitted by such license or rights;

                  (f) All amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the
Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, or Mask Works; and

                  (g) All proceeds and products of the foregoing, including
without limitation all payments under insurance or any indemnity or warranty
payable in respect of any of the foregoing.

                  "Inventory" means all present and future inventory in which
Borrower has any interest, including merchandise, raw materials, parts,
supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products
intended for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, of
every kind and description now or at any time hereafter owned by or in the
custody or possession, actual or constructive, of Borrower, including such
inventory as is temporarily out of its custody or possession or in transit and
including any returns upon any accounts or other proceeds, including insurance
proceeds, resulting from the sale or disposition of any of the foregoing and any
documents of title representing any of the above.

                  "Investment" means any beneficial ownership of (including
stock, partnership interest or other securities) any Person, or any loan,
advance or capital contribution to any Person.

                  "IRC" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
the regulations thereunder.

                  "Letter of Credit" means a letter of credit or similar
undertaking issued by Bank pursuant to Section 2.1.3.

                  "Lien" means any mortgage, lien, deed of trust, charge,
pledge, security interest or other encumbrance (or any agreement to grant any of
the foregoing, whether or not contingent on the happening of any future event).

                  "Loan" means a Revolving Loan, an Equipment Loan, a Term Loan
A, a Term Loan B, a Term Loan C, and a Term Loan D.

                  "Loan Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement, any note
or notes executed by Borrower, and any other present or future agreement entered
into between Borrower and/or for the benefit of Bank in connection with this
Agreement, all as amended, extended or restated from time to time.
<PAGE>
                  "Mask Works" means all mask work or similar rights available
for the protection of semiconductor chips, now owned or hereafter acquired.

                  "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on
(i) the business operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of Borrower to repay the
Obligations or otherwise perform its obligations under the Loan Documents, (iii)
the enforceability or binding effect of the Loan Documents, or (iv) the
attachment, perfection, or priority of Bank's security interests in the
Collateral or the value of the Collateral.

                  "Negotiable Collateral" means all of Borrower's present and
future letters of credit of which it is a beneficiary, notes, drafts,
instruments, securities, documents of title, and chattel paper.

                  "Obligations" means all debt, principal, interest, Bank
Expenses and other amounts owed to Bank by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement
or any other agreement, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due,
now existing or hereafter arising, including any interest that accrues after the
commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including any debt, liability, or
obligation owing from Borrower to others that Bank may have obtained by
assignment or otherwise.

                  "Patents" means all patents, patent applications and like
protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations,
renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same.

                  "Payment Date" is defined in Section 2.1.5(d).

                  "Permitted Indebtedness" means:

                  (a) Indebtedness of Borrower in favor of Bank arising under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document;

                  (b) Subordinated Debt;

                  (c) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in
the Schedule;

                  (d) Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary
course of business;

                  (e) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens;

                  (f) Indebtedness conforming with the requirements set forth in
the attached Schedule of Permitted Indebtedness; and
<PAGE>
                  (g) Extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and
restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (c) through (f) above,
provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof
are not modified to impose more burdensome terms upon Borrower or its
Subsidiary, as the case may be.

                  "Permitted Investment" means:

                  (a) Direct obligations of the United States Treasury,
including bills, notes, and bonds; (b) Obligations issued or guaranteed by
agencies or instrumentalities of the United States government;

                  (c) Bank obligations, including certificates of deposit, bank
notes, and bankers acceptances. Investments in these securities are limited to
banks whose long term debt is rated "A" or higher by Moody's and Standard &
Poor's and whose short-term obligations are rated "P1" by Moody's and "A1" or
higher by Standard & Poor's;

                  (d) Corporate obligations, including intermediate-term notes
rated "A" or higher by Moody's and Standard & Poor's and commercial paper rated
"P1" or higher by Moody's and "A1" or higher by Standard & Poor's;

                  (e) Money market funds over $1,000,000,000 in assets, with an
historically constant dollar net asset value, consisting of acceptable
securities as described in clauses (a) through (d), above, as long as the fund's
manager has been in business over five years, has name recognition, and has
performance that is easily tracked; and

                  (f) United States and dollar-denominated international
corporate debt of all types, as long as the issuer meets credit rating and
marketability guidelines.

Derivative instruments are not Permitted Investments. This would cover all
investments where the value is based on an underlying variable causing the
coupon and/or the maturity value to be unknown for the life of the security. The
maximum maturity of individual securities in Borrower's portfolio may not exceed
twenty-four months. The average maturity of Borrower's portfolio may not exceed
fifteen months. For securities that have put dates or reset dates, the put date
or reset date will be used, instead of the final maturity date, for maturity
guideline purposes. There is no limit to the percentage of Borrower's portfolio
which may be maintained in securities issued by the United States Treasury or by
its agencies and instrumentalities. No one issuer or group of issuers from the
same holding company is to exceed 15% of Borrower's portfolio at the time of
purchase, with the exception of Government securities. No investment will be
permitted in common stocks, preferred stocks, options (put or calls),
commodities, foreign securities, futures or mutual funds whose underlying
securities are not Permitted Investments.

                  "Permitted Liens" means the following:

                  (a) Any Liens existing on the Closing Date and disclosed in
the Schedule or arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;
<PAGE>
                  (b) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental
charges or levies, either not delinquent or being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and as to which adequate reserves are maintained on
Borrower's Books in accordance with GAAP, provided the same have no priority
over any of Bank's security interests;

                  (c) Liens (i) upon or in any Equipment acquired or held by
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such
Equipment or indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the
acquisition of such Equipment, or (ii) existing on such equipment at the time of
its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so
acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment;

                  (d) Leases or subleases and non-exclusive licenses or
sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of Borrower's business not
interfering in any material respect with the business of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and any interest or title of a lessor, licensor
or under any lease or license provided that such leases, subleases, licenses and
sublicenses do not prohibit the grant of the security interest granted
hereunder; and

                  (e) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in
circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.8;

                  (f) Easements, reservations, rights-of-way, restrictions,
minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar charges or
encumbrances affecting real property not constituting a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (g) Liens that are not prior to the Lien of Bank which
constitute rights of set-off of a customary nature or bankers' Liens with
respect to amounts on deposit, whether arising by operation of law or by
contract, in connection with arrangements entered into with banks in the
ordinary course of business; and

                  (h) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal
or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in
clauses (a) and (c) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the
principal amount of the indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does
not increase.

                  "Person" means any individual, sole proprietorship,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated
organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation,
firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or governmental agency.

                  "Prime Rate" means the variable rate of interest, per annum,
most recently announced by Bank, as its "prime rate," whether or not such
announced rate is the lowest rate available from Bank.

                  "Repayment Period" is 36 months.
<PAGE>
                  "Responsible Officer" means each of the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer and the Corporate Controller
of Borrower.

                  "Revolving Commitment" means a credit extension of up to
$4,000,000.00.

                  "Revolving Loan" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.1.

                  "Revolving Maturity Date" means December 15, 2003.

                  "Schedule" means the schedule of exceptions attached hereto,
if any.

                  "Scheduled Equipment Payments" is defined in 2.1.5(d).

                  "Subordinated Debt" means any debt incurred by Borrower that
is subordinated to the debt owing by Borrower to Bank on terms acceptable to
Bank (and identified as being such by Borrower and Bank).

                  "Subsidiary" means with respect to any Person, corporation,
partnership, company association, joint venture, or any other business entity of
which more than 50% of the voting stock or other equity interests is owned or
controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

                  "Term Loan A Maturity Date" is February 28, 2003.

                  "Term Loan B Maturity Date" is June 30, 2003.

                  "Term Loan C Maturity Date" is March 29, 2004.

                  "Term Loan D Maturity Date" is June 30, 2005.

                  "Trademarks" means any trademark and servicemark rights,
whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the
same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower
connected with and symbolized by such trademarks.

                  "UCC" means the California Uniform Commercial Code.

            1.2 Accounting and Other Terms. All accounting terms not
specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP and all
calculations and determinations made hereunder shall be made in accordance with
GAAP. When used herein, the term "financial statements" shall include the notes
and schedules thereto. In the computation of periods of time from a specified
date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and
the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding." Periods of days
referred to in this Agreement shall be counted in calendar days unless otherwise
stated. References to the plural include the singular and to the singular
include the plural, references to any gender include any other gender, the part
includes the whole, the term "including" is not limiting, and the term
<PAGE>
"or" has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by
the phrase "and/or." The words "hereof," "herein," "hereby," "hereunder," and
similar terms in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. Article, section, subsection,
clause, exhibit and schedule references are to this Agreement, unless otherwise
specified. All of the exhibits and schedules attached hereto shall be deemed
incorporated herein by reference. All terms contained in this Agreement which
are not otherwise specifically defined herein (including the term "good faith")
shall have the meanings provided by the UCC to the extent the same are used or
defined therein.

            1.3 No Presumption Against Any Party. Neither this Agreement
nor any other Loan Document nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein or therein
shall be construed or resolved using any presumption against any party hereto or
thereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary,
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents have been reviewed by each of the
parties and their counsel and, in the case of any ambiguity or uncertainty,
shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the
words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of all parties
hereto.

      2. LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT

            2.1 Loans. Borrower promises to pay to the order of Bank, in lawful
money of the United States of America, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of
all Loans made by Bank to Borrower hereunder. Borrower shall also pay interest
on the unpaid principal amount of such Loans at rates in accordance with the
terms hereof.

                  2.1.1 Revolving Loans.

                        (a) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank agrees to make Revolving loans (each a "Revolving Loan") to
Borrower in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the Committed
Revolving Line, minus the amount outstanding under the Cash Management Services
Sublimit, minus the amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn
but unreimbursed Letters of Credit), and minus the Foreign Exchange Reserve.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, amounts borrowed pursuant
to this Section 2.1 may be repaid and reborrowed at any time during the term of
this Agreement.

                        (b) Whenever Borrower desires a Revolving Loan, Borrower
will notify Bank by facsimile transmission or telephone no later than 12:00 noon
Pacific Time, on the Business Day that such Revolving Loan is to be made. Each
such notification shall be promptly confirmed by a Payment/Loan Form in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto. Bank is authorized to make Loans
under this Agreement, based upon instructions received from a Responsible
Officer or a designee of a Responsible Officer, or without instructions if in
Bank's discretion such Loans are necessary to meet Obligations which have become
due and remain unpaid. Bank shall be entitled to rely on any telephonic notice
given by a person who Bank reasonably believes to be a Responsible Officer or a
designee thereof, and Borrower shall indemnify and hold Bank harmless for any
damages or loss suffered by Bank as a result of such reliance. Bank will credit
the amount of Loans made under this Section 2.1 to Borrower's deposit account.
<PAGE>
                        (c) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(b), the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans shall bear
interest, on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate
equal to 0.50 percentage point above the Prime Rate, and shall be payable
monthly on the first day of each month through the Revolving Maturity Date.

                        (d) The Revolving Commitment shall terminate on the
Revolving Maturity Date, at which time all Revolving Loans and accrued interest
thereon shall be immediately due and payable.

                  2.1.2 Cash Management Services Sublimit.

                        (a) Subject to availability under the Committed
Revolving Line, Borrower may use up to $4,000,000 for Bank's Cash Management
Services, which may include merchant services, business credit card, automated
clearing house transactions, and controlled disbursement accounts identified in
various cash management services agreements related to such services (the "Cash
Management Services"). All amounts Bank pays for any Cash Management Services
will be treated as Revolving Loans under the Committed Revolving Line.

                  2.1.3 Letters of Credit.

                        (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Bank agrees to issue or cause to be issued Letters of Credit for the
account of Borrower in an aggregate outstanding face amount not to exceed the
Revolving Commitment minus the Cash Management Sublimit, minus the amount of all
outstanding Revolving Loans and the Foreign Exchange Reserve, provided that the
face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed
Letters of Credit) shall not in any case exceed $4,000,000.00. Each Letter of
Credit shall have an expiry date no later than 180 days after the Revolving
Maturity Date provided that Borrower's Letter of Credit reimbursement obligation
shall be secured by cash on terms acceptable to Bank at any time after the
Revolving Maturity Date if the term of this Agreement is not extended by Bank.
All Letters of Credit shall be, in form and substance, acceptable to Bank in its
sole discretion and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bank's form
of standard Application and Letter of Credit Agreement.

                        (b) The obligation of Borrower to immediately reimburse
Bank for drawings made under Letters of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional
and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and such Letters of Credit, under all circumstances whatsoever.
Borrower shall indemnify, defend, protect, and hold Bank harmless from any loss,
cost, expense or liability, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys'
fees, arising out of or in connection with any Letters of Credit.

                        (c) Borrower may request that Bank issue a Letter of
Credit payable in a currency other than United States Dollars. If a demand for
payment is made under any such Letter of Credit, Bank shall treat such demand as
a Revolving Loan to Borrower of the equivalent of the amount thereof (plus cable
charges) in United States currency at the then
<PAGE>
prevailing rate of exchange in San Francisco, California, for sales of that
other currency for cable transfer to the country of which it is the currency.

                        (d) Upon the issuance of any letter of credit payable in
a currency other than United States Dollars, Bank shall create a reserve under
the Revolving Commitment for letters of credit against fluctuations in currency
exchange rates, in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the face amount of
such letter of credit. The amount of such reserve may be amended by Bank from
time to time to account for fluctuations in the exchange rate. The availability
of funds under the Revolving Commitment shall be reduced by the amount of such
reserve for so long as such letter of credit remains outstanding, plus the face
amount of such letter of credit.

                  2.1.4 Foreign Exchange Contract; Foreign Exchange Settlements.

                        (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Borrower may
enter into foreign exchange contracts (the "Exchange Contracts") not to exceed
an aggregate amount of $4,000,000.00 (the "Contract Limit"), pursuant to which
Bank shall sell to or purchase from Borrower foreign currency on a spot or
future basis. Borrower shall not request any Exchange Contracts at any time it
is out of compliance with any of the provisions of this Agreement. All Exchange
Contracts must provide for delivery of settlement on or before the Revolving
Maturity Date. The amount available under the Revolving Commitment at any time
shall be reduced by the following amounts (the "Foreign Exchange Reserve") on
any given day (the "Determination Date"): (i) on all outstanding Exchange
Contracts on which delivery is to be effected or settlement allowed more than
two business days after the Determination Date, 10% of the gross amount of the
Exchange Contracts; plus (ii) on all outstanding Exchange Contracts on which
delivery is to be effected or settlement allowed within two business days after
the Determination Date, 100% of the gross amount of the Exchange Contracts.

                        (b) Bank may, in its discretion, terminate the Exchange
Contracts at any time (a) that an Event of Default occurs or (b) that there is
no sufficient availability under the Revolving Commitment and Borrower does not
have available funds in its bank account to satisfy the Foreign Exchange
Reserve. If Bank terminates the Exchange Contracts, and without limitation of
any applicable indemnities, Borrower agrees to reimburse Bank for any and all
fees, costs and expenses relating thereto or arising in connection therewith.

                        (c) Borrower shall not permit the total gross amount of
all Exchange Contracts on which delivery is to be effected and settlement
allowed in any two business day period to be more than $4,000,000.00 (the
"Settlement Limit") nor shall Borrower permit the total gross amount of all
Exchange Contracts to which Borrower is a party, outstanding at any one time, to
exceed the Contract Limit. Notwithstanding the above, however, the amount which
may be settled in any two (2) business day period may be increased above the
Settlement Limit up to, but in no event to exceed, the amount of the Contract
Limit under either of the following circumstances:

                           (i) if there is sufficient availability under the
Revolving Commitment in the amount of the Foreign Exchange Reserve as of each
Determination Date,
<PAGE>
provided that Bank in advance shall reserve the full amount of the Foreign
Exchange Reserve against the Revolving Commitment; or

                           (ii) if there is insufficient availability under the
Revolving Commitment, as to settlements within any two (2) business day period,
provided that Bank, in its sole discretion, may: (A) verify good funds overseas
prior to crediting Borrower's deposit account with Bank (in the case of
Borrower's sale of foreign currency); or (B) debit Borrower's deposit account
with Bank prior to delivering foreign currency overseas (in the case of
Borrower's purchase of foreign currency).

                        (d) In the case of Borrower's purchase of foreign
currency, Borrower in advance shall instruct Bank upon settlement either to
treat the settlement amount as an advance under the Revolving Commitment, or to
debit Borrower's account for the amount settled.

                        (e) Borrower shall execute all standard form
applications and agreements of Bank in connection with the Exchange Contracts
and, without limiting any of the terms of such applications and agreements,
Borrower will pay all standard fees and charges of Bank in connection with the
Exchange Contracts.

                        (f) Without limiting any of the other terms of this
Agreement or any such standard form applications and agreement of Bank, Borrower
agrees to indemnify Bank and hold it harmless, from and against any and all
claims, debts, liabilities, demands, obligations, actions, costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, attorneys' fees of counsel of Bank's choice), of
every nature and description which it may sustain or incur, based upon, arising
out of, or in any way relating to any of the Exchange Contracts or any
transactions relating thereto or contemplated thereby.

                  2.1.5 Equipment Loans.

                        (a) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, at any time from the date hereof through June 15, 2003, (the
"Equipment Availability End Date"), Bank agrees to make advances (each an
"Equipment Loan", and collectively "Equipment Loans") to Borrower in an
aggregate amount not to exceed the Equipment Commitment. The Equipment Loans may
only be used to finance Eligible Equipment purchased on or after 180 days before
the date of each Equipment Loan (except that the initial Equipment Loan which
may include Eligible Equipment purchased after 90 days but before 180 days) and
may not exceed 100% of the equipment invoice excluding taxes, shipping, warranty
charges, freight discounts and installation expense. Transferable software
licenses, leasehold improvements and other soft costs (including taxes,
shipping, warranty charges, freight discounts and installation expense) may
constitute up to 40% of the aggregate Equipment Loans. The number of Equipment
Advances is limited to 6.

                        (b) When Borrower desires to obtain an Equipment Loan,
Borrower shall notify Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable) by facsimile
transmission to be received no later than 12:00 noon Pacific Time one Business
Day before the day on which the Equipment Loan is to be made. Such notice shall
be substantially in the form of Exhibit B. The
<PAGE>
notice shall be signed by a Responsible Officer or its designee and include a
copy of the invoice for the Equipment to be financed.

                        (c) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(a), the outstanding principal amount of the Equipment Loans shall bear
interest, on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate
equal to the Equipment Loan Rate determined by Bank for each Equipment Loan in
accordance with the definition of Equipment Loan Rate. Accrued interest on each
Equipment Loan shall be payable monthly on each Payment Date and on the date the
final installment of principal on the Equipment Loans is due.

                        (d) Borrower will make equal monthly installments of
principal plus accrued interest for each Equipment Loan (collectively,
"Scheduled Equipment Payments"), on the first Business Day of the month
following the Funding Date (or commencing on the Funding Date if the Funding
Date is the first Business Day of the month) with respect to such Equipment Loan
and continuing thereafter during the Repayment Period on the first Business Day
of each calendar month (each a "Payment Date"). All unpaid principal and accrued
interest is due and payable in full on the last Payment Date with respect to
such Equipment Advance. Payments received after 12:00 noon Pacific time are
considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. An
Equipment Loan may only be prepaid in accordance with Section 2.1.5 (e).

                        (e) Equipment Loans may be prepaid in whole or in part,
without premium or penalty provided that: (i) no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, (ii) Borrower provides Bank with at least five (5) days prior
written notice, and (iii) each such prepayment is in a minimum amount of
$10,000. If the Equipment Loans are accelerated following the occurrence and
continuation of an Event of Default or otherwise, then Borrower will immediately
pay to Bank (i) all unpaid Scheduled Equipment Payments (including principal and
interest) with respect to each Equipment Loan, (ii) all remaining Scheduled
Equipment Payments (including principal and unpaid interest) (iii) all accrued
unpaid interest, including the default rate of interest, to the date of the
prepayment, and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and
payable with respect to each Equipment Loan.

                  2.1.6 Term Loan A.

                        (a) In connection with the Prior Agreement and subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agreed to make a Term Loan A (the "Term
Loan A") to Borrower. As of the Closing Date, the principal owing under such
Term Loan A is $111,111.36. Borrower may elect to prepay any of the Term Loan A
without penalty or premium.

                        (b) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan A shall bear interest,
on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate equal to 0.50
percentage point above the Prime Rate.

                        (c) Interest shall accrue from Closing Date at the rate
specified in Section 2.1.6(b) and shall be payable monthly on the last day of
each month through the Term Loan A Maturity Date. The principal balance of the
Term Loan A that is outstanding on the
<PAGE>
Closing Date shall be payable in 4 equal monthly installments of principal, plus
all accrued interest, beginning on November 30, 2002, and continuing on the last
day of each month thereafter through the Term Loan A Maturity Date, at which
time all amounts due under this Section 2.1.6 shall be immediately due and
payable.

                  2.1.7 Term Loan B.

                        (a) In connection with the Prior Agreement and subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agreed to make a Term Loan B (the "Term
Loan B") to Borrower. As of the Closing Date, the principal owing under such
Term Loan B is $222,222.16. Borrower may elect to prepay any of the Term Loan B
without penalty or premium.

                        (b) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan B shall bear interest,
on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate equal to 0.50
percentage point above the Prime Rate.

                        (c) Interest shall accrue from Closing Date at the rate
specified in Section 2.1.7(b), and shall be payable monthly on the last day of
each month through the Term Loan B Maturity Date. The principal balance of the
Term Loan B that is outstanding on the Closing Date shall be payable in 8 equal
monthly installments of principal, plus all accrued interest, beginning on
November 30, 2002, and continuing on the last day of each month thereafter
through the Term Loan B Maturity Date, at which time all amounts due under this
Section 2.1.7 shall be immediately due and payable.

                  2.1.8 Term Loan C.

                        (a) In connection with the Prior Agreement and subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agreed to make a Term Loan C (the "Term
Loan C") to Borrower. As of the Closing Date, the principal owing under such
Term Loan C is $889,406.08. Borrower may elect to prepay any of the Term Loan C
without penalty or premium.

                        (b) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan C shall bear interest,
on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate equal to 0.50
percentage point above the Prime Rate.

                        (c) Interest shall accrue from Closing Date at the rate
specified in Section 2.1.8(b), and shall be payable monthly on the last day of
each month through the Term Loan C Maturity Date. The principal balance of the
Term Loan C that is outstanding on the Closing Date shall be payable in 17 equal
monthly installments of principal, plus all accrued interest, beginning on
November 30, 2002, and continuing on the last day of each month thereafter
through the Term Loan C Maturity Date, at which time all amounts due under this
Section 2.1.8 shall be immediately due and payable.

                  2.1.9 Term Loan D.
<PAGE>
                        (a) In connection with the Prior Agreement and subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agreed to make a Term Loan D (the "Term
Loan D") to Borrower. As of the Closing Date, the principal owing under such
Term Loan D is $888,888.88. Borrower may elect to prepay any of the Term Loan D
without penalty or premium.

                        (b) Interest Rate. Except as set forth in Section
2.3(b), the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan D shall bear interest,
on the average daily balance thereof, at a floating per annum rate equal to 0.50
percentage point above the Prime Rate.

                        (c) Interest shall accrue from Closing Date at the rate
specified in Section 2.1.9(b), and shall be payable monthly on the last day of
each month through the Term Loan D Maturity Date. The principal balance of the
Term Loan D that is outstanding on the Closing Date shall be payable in 32 equal
monthly installments of principal, plus all accrued interest, beginning on
November 30, 2002, and continuing on the last day of each month thereafter
through the Term Loan D Maturity Date, at which time all amounts due under this
Section 2.1.9 shall be immediately due and payable.

            2.2 Overadvances. If, at any time or for any reason, the amount of
Obligations owed by Borrower to Bank pursuant to Section 2.1.1, 2.1.2, 2.1.3 and
2.1.4 of this Agreement is greater than the Revolving Commitment, Borrower shall
immediately pay to Bank, in cash, the amount of such excess.

            2.3 Default Rates, Payments, and Calculations.

                  (a) Default Rate. All Obligations shall bear interest, from
and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, at a rate equal to five
percentage points above the interest rate applicable immediately prior to the
occurrence of the Event of Default.

                  (b) Payments. Borrower hereby authorizes Bank to debit any
accounts with Bank, including, without limitation, Account Number 3300104898 for
payments of principal and interest due on the Obligations and any other amounts
owing by Borrower to Bank. Bank will notify Borrower of all debits which Bank
has made against Borrower's accounts. Any such debits against Borrower's
accounts in no way shall be deemed a set-off. Any interest not paid when due
shall be compounded by becoming a part of the Obligations, and such interest
shall thereafter accrue interest at the rate then applicable hereunder.

                  (c) Computation. In the event the Prime Rate is changed from
time to time hereafter, the applicable rate of interest hereunder shall be
increased or decreased effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the day the Prime Rate is
changed, by an amount equal to such change in the Prime Rate. All interest
chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day
year for the actual number of days elapsed.

            2.4 Crediting Payments. Prior to the occurrence of an Event of
Default, Bank shall credit a wire transfer of funds, check or other item of
payment to such deposit account or Obligation as Borrower specifies. After the
occurrence of an Event of Default, the receipt by Bank of any wire transfer of
funds, check, or other item of payment, whether directed to
<PAGE>
Borrower's deposit account with Bank or to the Obligations or otherwise, shall
be immediately applied to conditionally reduce Obligations, but shall not be
considered a payment in respect of the Obligations unless such payment is of
immediately available federal funds or unless and until such check or other item
of payment is honored when presented for payment. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, any wire transfer or payment received by Bank
after 12:00 noon Pacific time shall be deemed to have been received by Bank as
of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. Whenever
any payment to Bank under the Loan Documents would otherwise be due (except by
reason of acceleration) on a date that is not a Business Day, such payment shall
instead be due on the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as the
case may be, shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension.

            2.5 Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank the following:

                  (a) Facility Fee. A Facility Fee equal to $20,000, which fee
shall be due on the Closing Date and shall be fully earned and non-refundable;

                  (b) Financial Examination and Appraisal Fees. Bank's customary
fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for Bank's audits of Borrower's
Accounts, and for each appraisal of Collateral and financial analysis and
examination of Borrower performed from time to time by Bank or its agents;

                  (c) Bank Expenses. Upon demand from Bank, including, without
limitation, upon the date hereof, all Bank Expenses incurred through the date
hereof, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, and, after the date
hereof, all Bank Expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, as
and when they become due.

            2.6 Additional Costs. In case of any change in any law, regulation,
treaty or official directive or the interpretation or application thereof by any
court or any governmental authority charged with the administration thereof or
the compliance with any guideline or request of any central bank or other
governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) in each case
after the date of this Agreement:

                  (a) subjects Bank to any tax with respect to payments of
principal or interest or any other amounts payable hereunder by Borrower or
otherwise with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (except for taxes
on the overall net income of Bank imposed by the United States of America or any
political subdivision thereof);

                  (b) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any deposit
insurance, reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets held
by, or deposits in or for the account of, or loans by, Bank; or

                  (c) imposes upon Bank any other condition with respect to its
performance under this Agreement,

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Bank, reduce
the income receivable by Bank or impose any expense upon Bank with respect to
any loans, Bank shall notify Borrower thereof. Borrower agrees to pay to Bank
the amount of such increase in cost, reduction in income or additional expense
as and when such cost, reduction or expense is
<PAGE>
incurred or determined, upon presentation by Bank of a statement of the amount
and setting forth Bank's calculation thereof, all in reasonable detail, which
statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error.

            2.7 Term. Except as otherwise set forth herein, this Agreement shall
become effective on the Closing Date and, subject to Section 12.7, shall
continue in full force and effect until the Loans and all interest thereon have
been fully and finally paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank shall have the
right to terminate its obligation to make Loans under this Agreement immediately
and without notice upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default.

      3. CONDITIONS OF LOANS

            3.1 Conditions Precedent to Initial Loan. The obligation of Bank to
make the initial Loan is subject to the condition precedent that Bank shall have
received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, the following:

                  (a) this Agreement;

                  (b) a certificate of the Secretary of Borrower with respect to
articles, bylaws, incumbency and resolutions authorizing the execution and
delivery of this Agreement;

                  (c) insurance certificate;

                  (d) payment of the fees and Bank Expenses then due specified
in Section 2.5 hereof; and

                  (e) such other documents, and completion of such other
matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

            3.2 Conditions Precedent to all Loans. The obligation of Bank to
make each Loan, including the initial Loan, is further subject to the following
conditions:

                  (a) timely receipt by Bank of the Payment/Loan Form as
provided in Section 2.1; and

                  (b) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5
shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such
Payment/Loan Form and on the effective date of each Loan as though made at and
as of each such date (except to the extent they relate specifically to an
earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall continue
to have been true and accurate as of such date), and no Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, or would result from such Loan, The making of each
Loan shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date
of such Loan as to the accuracy of the facts referred to in this Section 3.2(b).
<PAGE>
      4. CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST

            4.1 Grant of Security Interest. Borrower grants and pledges to Bank
a continuing security interest in all presently existing and hereafter acquired
or arising Collateral in order to secure prompt payment of any and all
Obligations and in order to secure prompt performance by Borrower of each of its
covenants and duties under the Loan Documents. Except as set forth in the
Schedule, such security interest constitutes a valid, first priority security
interest in the presently existing Collateral, and will, subject to Permitted
Liens, constitute a valid, first priority security interest in Collateral
acquired after the date hereof. Borrower acknowledges that Bank may, following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, place a "hold"
on any Deposit Account pledged as Collateral to secure the Obligations.
Notwithstanding termination of this Agreement, Bank's Lien on the Collateral
shall remain in effect for so long as any Obligations are outstanding.

            4.2 Delivery of Additional Documentation Required. Borrower shall
from time to time execute and deliver to Bank, at the request of Bank, all
Negotiable Collateral, all financing statements and other documents that Bank
may reasonably request, in form satisfactory to Bank, to perfect and continue
perfected Bank's security interests in the Collateral and in order to fully
consummate all of the transactions contemplated under the Loan Documents.

            4.3 Right to Inspect. Bank (through any of its officers, employees,
or agents) shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice, from time to time
during Borrower's usual business hours, to inspect Borrower's Books and to make
copies thereof and to check, test, and appraise the Collateral in order to
verify Borrower's financial condition or the amount, condition of, or any other
matter relating to, the Collateral.

      5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

            Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

            5.1 Due Organization and Qualification . Borrower and each
Subsidiary is a corporation duly existing and in good standing under the laws of
its state of incorporation and qualified and licensed to do business in, and is
in good standing in, any state in which the conduct of its business or its
ownership of property requires that it be so qualified.

            5.2 Due Authorization; No Conflict. The execution, delivery, and
performance of the Loan Documents are within Borrower's powers, have been duly
authorized, and are not in conflict with nor constitute a breach of any
provision contained in Borrower's Articles/Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws, nor will they constitute an event of default under any material
agreement to which Borrower is a party or by which Borrower is bound except to
the extent that certain intellectual property agreements prohibit the assignment
of the rights thereunder to a third party without Borrower's or other party's
consent and the Loan Documents constitute an assignment Borrower is not in
default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound,
which default would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
<PAGE>
            5.3 No Prior Encumbrances. Borrower has good and indefeasible title
to the Collateral, free and clear of Liens, except for Permitted Liens.

            5.4 Merchantable Inventory. All Inventory is in all material
respects of good and marketable quality, free from all material defects.

            5.5 Intellectual Property. Borrower is the sole owner of the
Intellectual Property Collateral, except for non-exclusive licenses granted by
Borrower to its customers in the ordinary course of business. Each of the
Patents is valid and enforceable, and no part of the Intellectual Property
Collateral has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and no
claim has been made that any part of the Intellectual Property Collateral
violates the rights of any third party. Except for and upon the filing with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to the Patents and
Trademarks and the Register of Copyrights with respect to the Copyrights and
Mask Works necessary to perfect the security interests created hereunder, and
except as has been already made or obtained, no authorization, approval or other
action by, and no notice to or filing with, any United States governmental
authority or United States regulatory body is required either (i) for the grant
by Borrower of the security interest granted hereby or for the execution,
delivery or performance of Loan Documents by Borrower in the United States or
(ii) for the perfection in the United States or the exercise by Bank of its
rights and remedies hereunder.

            5.6 Name; Location of Chief Executive Office. Except as disclosed in
the Schedule, Borrower has not done business and will not without at least 30
days prior written notice to Bank do business under any name other than that
specified on the signature page hereof. The chief executive office of Borrower
is located at the address indicated in Section 10 hereof.

            5.7 Litigation. Except as set forth in the Schedule or on current
and existing reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, there are no actions or proceedings pending, or, to
Borrower's knowledge, threatened by or against Borrower or any Subsidiary before
any court or administrative agency in which an adverse decision would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            5.8 No Material Adverse Change in Financial Statements. All
consolidated financial statements related to Borrower and any Subsidiary that
have been delivered by Borrower to Bank fairly present in all material respects
Borrower's consolidated financial condition as of the date thereof and
Borrower's consolidated results of operations for the period then ended. There
has not been a material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition
of Borrower since the date of the most recent of such financial statements
submitted to Bank on or about the Closing Date.

            5.9 Solvency. The fair saleable value of Borrower's assets
(including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of its
liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small capital after the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and Borrower is able to pay its
debts (including trade debts) as they mature.

            5.10 Regulatory Compliance. Borrower and each Subsidiary has met the
minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to any employee benefit plans
subject to
<PAGE>
ERISA. No event has occurred resulting from Borrower's failure to comply with
ERISA that is reasonably likely to result in Borrower's incurring any liability
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower is
not an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company"
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Borrower is not
engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of
extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within
the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System). Borrower has complied with all the provisions of the Federal Fair Labor
Standards Act. Borrower has not violated any statutes, laws, ordinances or rules
applicable to it, violation of which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

            5.11 Environmental Condition. None of Borrower's or any Subsidiary's
properties or assets has ever been used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the
best of Borrower's knowledge, by previous owners or operators, in the disposal
of, or to produce, store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any hazardous
waste or hazardous substance other than in accordance with applicable law; to
the best of Borrower's knowledge, none of Borrower's properties or assets has
ever been designated or identified in any manner pursuant to any environmental
protection statute as a hazardous waste or hazardous substance disposal site, or
a candidate for closure pursuant to any environmental protection statute; no
lien arising under any environmental protection statute has attached to any
revenues or to any real or personal property owned by Borrower or any
Subsidiary; and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary has received a summons,
citation, notice, or directive from the Environmental Protection Agency or any
other federal, state or other governmental agency concerning any action or
omission by Borrower or any Subsidiary resulting in the release, or other
disposition of hazardous waste or hazardous substances into the environment.

            5.12 Taxes. Borrower and each Subsidiary has filed or caused to be
filed all tax returns required to be filed on a timely basis, and has paid, or
has made adequate provision for the payment of, all taxes reflected therein,
except those being contested in good faith by proper proceedings with adequate
reserves under GAAP.

            5.13 Subsidiaries. Borrower does not own any stock, partnership
interest or other equity securities of any Person, except for Permitted
Investments.

            5.14 Government Consents. Borrower and each Subsidiary has obtained
all consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings
with, and given all notices to, all governmental authorities that are necessary
for the continued operation of Borrower's business as currently conducted except
where the failure to obtain such consent, approval or authorization, to make any
such declaration or filing or to give any such notice would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            5.15 Full Disclosure. No representation, warranty or other statement
made by Borrower in any certificate or written statement furnished to Bank by
Borrower in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement,
taken as a whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained in
such certificates or statements not misleading it being recognized by the
<PAGE>
Bank that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower are based on
Borrower's reasonable and good faith assessment of the probabilities of future
events and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such
projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results).

      6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

            Borrower covenants and agrees that, until payment in full of all
outstanding Obligations, and for so long as Bank may have any commitment to make
a Credit Extension hereunder, Borrower shall do all of the following:

            6.1 Good Standing. Borrower shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained, its and each of its Subsidiaries' corporate existence and good
standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation and maintain qualification in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Borrower shall maintain, and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to maintain, to the extent consistent with prudent management
of Borrower's business, in force all licenses, approvals and agreements, the
loss of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

            6.2 Government Compliance. Borrower shall meet, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to meet, the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with respect to
any employee benefit plans subject to ERISA. Borrower shall comply, and shall
cause each Subsidiary to comply, with all statutes, laws, ordinances and
government rules and regulations to which it is subject, noncompliance with
which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

            6.3 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates. Borrower shall
deliver to Bank: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after
the end of each month, a company prepared consolidated balance sheet and income
statement covering Borrower's consolidated operations during such period, in a
form and certified by an officer of Borrower reasonably acceptable to Bank; (b)
as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of
Borrower's fiscal year, audited consolidated financial statements of Borrower
prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, together with an
unqualified opinion on such financial statements of an independent certified
public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Bank; (c) within five days of
filing, copies of all statements, reports and notices sent or made available
generally by Borrower to its security holders or to any holders of Subordinated
Debt and all reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission; (d) promptly upon receipt of notice thereof, a report of
any legal actions pending or threatened against Borrower or any Subsidiary that
could result in damages or costs to Borrower or any Subsidiary of $250,000 or
more; (e) prompt notice of any material change in the composition of the
Intellectual Property Collateral, including, but not limited to, any subsequent
ownership right of Borrower in or to any Copyright, Patent or Trademark not
specified in any intellectual property security agreement between Borrower and
Bank or knowledge of an event that materially adversely affects the value of the
Intellectual Property Collateral; and (f) such budgets, sales projections,
operating plans or other financial information as Bank may reasonably request
from time to time.
<PAGE>
                  Within 30 days after the last day of each month, Borrower
shall deliver to Bank with the monthly financial reports a Compliance
Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit
C hereto.

            6.4 Inventory; Returns. Borrower shall keep all Inventory in good
and marketable condition, free from all material defects. Returns and
allowances, if any, as between Borrower and its account debtors shall be on the
same basis and in accordance with the usual customary practices of Borrower, as
they exist at the time of the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Borrower
shall promptly notify Bank of all returns and recoveries and of all disputes and
claims, where the return, recovery, dispute or claim involves more than
$100,000.00.

            6.5 Taxes. Borrower shall make, and shall cause each Subsidiary to
make, due and timely payment or deposit of all material federal, state, and
local taxes, assessments, or contributions required of it by law, and will
execute and deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to
the payment or deposit thereof; and Borrower will make, and will cause each
Subsidiary to make, timely payment or deposit of all material tax payments and
withholding taxes required of it by applicable laws, including, but not limited
to, those laws concerning F.I.C.A., F.U.T.A., state disability, and local,
state, and federal income taxes, and will, upon request, furnish Bank with proof
satisfactory to Bank indicating that Borrower or a Subsidiary has made such
payments or deposits; provided that Borrower or a Subsidiary need not make any
payment if the amount or validity of such payment is (I) contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings , (ii) is reserved against (to the extent required by
GAAP) by Borrower and (iii) no lien other than a Permitted Lien results.

            6.6 Insurance.

                  (a) Borrower, at its expense, shall keep the Collateral
insured against loss or damage by fire, theft, explosion, sprinklers, and all
other hazards and risks, and in such amounts, as ordinarily insured against by
other owners in similar businesses conducted in the locations where Borrower's
business is conducted on the date hereof. Borrower shall also maintain insurance
relating to Borrower's ownership and use of the Collateral in amounts and of a
type that are customary to businesses similar to Borrower's.

                  (b) All such policies of insurance shall be in such form, with
such companies, and in such amounts as are reasonably satisfactory to Bank. All
such policies of property insurance shall contain a lender's loss payable
endorsement, in a form satisfactory to Bank, showing Bank as an additional loss
payee thereof and all liability insurance policies shall show the Bank as an
additional insured, and shall specify that the insurer must give at least 30
days notice to Bank before canceling its policy for any reason. At Bank's
request, Borrower shall deliver to Bank certified copies of such policies of
insurance and evidence of the payments of all premiums therefor. All proceeds
payable under any such policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable to Bank
to be applied on account of the Obligations; provided that so long as no Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of
applying the proceeds of any casualty policy to the replacement or repair of
destroyed or damaged property.
<PAGE>
            6.7 Principal Depository. Borrower will maintain its primary
operating accounts with Bank. In addition to its primary operating accounts,
Borrower agrees to maintain, at or through Bank, deposits in a minimum amount of
$10,000,000. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, Bank agrees that any violation of this Section 6.7 shall not be
deemed an Event of Default hereunder.

            6.8 Financial Covenants. Borrower will maintain as of the last day
of each month unless otherwise stated:

                  (a) Minimum Cash Short Term Investments. Borrower will
maintain at all times unrestricted cash balances and short term investments on
Borrower's balance sheet of no less than $25,000,000. Bank will measure
compliance with this covenant on the last day of each month.

                  (b) Maximum Net Loss (Quarterly). Borrower will not incur a
maximum quarterly "Loss", as defined below, in excess of $2,000,000 in any one
fiscal quarter; provided, further that Borrower shall not incur a maximum
quarterly Loss in excess of $3,700,000 in the aggregate for any 2 consecutive
fiscal quarters.

For purposes of this Section, "Loss" means negative net income after taxes
(excluding amortization and depreciation), as reported on Borrower's financial
statements.

            6.9 Registration of Intellectual Property Rights.

                  (a) Borrower shall execute and deliver such additional
instruments and documents from time to time as Bank shall reasonably request to
perfect Bank's security interest in the Intellectual Property Collateral.

                  (b) Borrower shall (i) protect, defend and maintain the
validity and enforceability of the Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, and Mask
Works, (ii) use its best efforts to detect infringements of the Trademarks,
Patents, Copyrights and Mask Works and promptly advise Bank in writing of
material infringements detected and (iii) not allow any Trademarks, Patents,
Copyrights, or Mask Works to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public
without the written consent of Bank, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
unless Bank determines that reasonable business practices suggest that
abandonment is appropriate.

                  (c) Bank shall have the right, but not the obligation, to
take, at Borrower's sole expense, any actions that Borrower is required under
this section to take but which Borrower fails to take, after 15 days' notice to
Borrower. Borrower shall reimburse and indemnify Bank for all reasonable costs
and reasonable expenses incurred in the reasonable exercise of its rights under
this section.

            6.10 Control Agreements. With respect to deposit accounts or
investment accounts maintained at financial institutions other than Bank, within
30 days of the opening of any such deposit account or investment account,
Borrower will execute and deliver to Bank, control agreements in form
satisfactory to Bank in order for Bank to perfect its security interest in
Borrower's deposit accounts or investment accounts.
<PAGE>
            6.11 Further Assurances. At any time and from time to time Borrower
shall execute and deliver such further instruments and take such further action
as may reasonably be requested by Bank to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

      7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS

            Borrower covenants and agrees that, so long as any Credit
Extension hereunder shall be available and until payment in full of the
outstanding Obligations or for so long as Bank may have any commitment to make
any Loans, Borrower will not do any of the following:

            7.1 Dispositions. Convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose
of (collectively, a "Transfer"), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer,
all or any part of its business or property, other than Transfers: (i) of
inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) of non-exclusive licenses and
similar arrangements for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries
in the ordinary course of business; (iii) that constitute payment of normal and
usual operating expenses in the ordinary course of business;; or (iii) of
worn-out or obsolete Equipment.

            7.2 Changes in Business, Ownership, or Management, Business
Locations. Engage in any business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage
in any business, other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and
any business substantially similar or related thereto (or incidental thereto),
or suffer a material change in Borrower's ownership or management. Borrower will
promptly notify Bank if it relocates its chief executive office or adds any new
offices or business locations.

            7.3 Mergers or Acquisitions. Without the prior consent of Bank (not
to be unreasonably withheld), merge or consolidate, or permit any of its
Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with or into any other business
organization, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or
substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person.

            7.4 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or be or remain liable with
respect to any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary so to do, other than
Permitted Indebtedness.

            7.5 Encumbrances. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien
with respect to any of its property, or assign or otherwise convey any right to
receive income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of its
Subsidiaries so to do, except for Permitted Liens.

            7.6 Distributions. Pay any dividends or make any other distribution
or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement or purchase of any capital
stock, except for repurchases under Borrower's employee stock option/purchase
plans in an aggregate amount not in excess of $250,000.00 during any twelve
month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section
7.6, Borrower may repurchase Borrower's shares in an amount not in excess of
$3,000,000 at any time.

            7.7 Investments. Without the prior consent of Bank (not to be
unreasonably withheld), directly or indirectly acquire or own, or make any
Investment in or to any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries so to do,
other than Permitted Investments.
<PAGE>
            7.8 Transactions with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly enter into
or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower
except for transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrower's business,
upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would
be obtained in an arm's length transaction with a nonaffiliated Person.

            7.9 Intellectual Property Agreements. Borrower shall not permit the
inclusion in any material contract to which it becomes a party of any provisions
that could or might in any way prevent the creation of a security interest in
Borrower's rights and interests in any property included within the definition
of the Intellectual Property Collateral acquired under such contracts, except to
the extent that such provisions are necessary in Borrower's exercise of its
reasonable business judgement.

            7.10 Subordinated Debt. Make any payment in respect of any
Subordinated Debt, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any such payment,
except in compliance with the terms of such Subordinated Debt, or amend any
provision contained in any documentation relating to the Subordinated Debt
without Bank's prior written consent.

            7.11 Inventory. Store the Inventory with a bailee, warehouseman, or
similar party unless Bank has received a pledge of any warehouse receipt
covering such Inventory. Except for Inventory sold in the ordinary course of
business and except for such other locations as Bank may approve in writing,
Borrower shall keep the Inventory only at the location set forth in Section 10
hereof and such other locations of which Borrower gives Bank prior written
notice and as to which Borrower signs and files a financing statement where
needed to perfect Bank's security interest.

            7.12 Compliance. Become an "investment company" or a company
controlled by an "investment company," within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, or become principally engaged in, or undertake as one of
its important activities, the business of extending credit for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying margin stock, or use the proceeds of any Loan for such
purpose; fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA; permit a
Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, to occur; fail
to comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or violate any other law or
regulation, which violation could have a Material Adverse Effect; or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing.

      8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

      Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an "Event of
Default" by Borrower under this Agreement:

            8.1 Payment Default. If Borrower fails to pay any of the Obligations
within 3 days after their due date. During the additional period the failure to
cure the default is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be
made during the cure period);
<PAGE>
            8.2 Covenant Default.

                  (a) If Borrower fails to perform any obligation under Sections
6.3, 6.6, 6.8, 6.9, 6.10 or 6.11 or violates any of the covenants contained in
Article 7 of this Agreement, or

                  (b) If Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe
any other material term, provision, condition, covenant, or agreement contained
in this Agreement, in any of the Loan Documents, or in any other present or
future agreement between Borrower and Bank and as to any default under such
other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has
failed to cure such default within ten days after the occurrence thereof;
provided that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten day
period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such 10 day
period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then
Borrower shall have an additional reasonable period (which shall not in any case
exceed 30 days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time
period the failure to have cured such default shall not be deemed an Event of
Default (provided that no Loans will be required to be made during such cure
period);

            8.3 Material Adverse Effect. If there occurs any event which has a
Material Adverse Effect;

            8.4 Attachment. If any material portion of Borrower's assets is
attached, seized, subjected to a writ or distress warrant, or is levied upon, or
comes into the possession of any trustee, receiver or person acting in a similar
capacity and such attachment, seizure, writ or distress warrant or levy has not
been removed, discharged or rescinded within ten days, or if Borrower is
enjoined, restrained, or in any way prevented by court order from continuing to
conduct all or any material part of its business affairs, or if a judgment or
other claim becomes a lien or encumbrance upon any material portion of
Borrower's assets, or if a notice of lien, levy, or assessment is filed of
record with respect to any of Borrower's assets by the United States Government,
or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, or by any state, county,
municipal, or governmental agency, and the same is not paid within ten days
after Borrower receives notice thereof, provided that none of the foregoing
shall constitute an Event of Default where such action or event is stayed or an
adequate bond has been posted pending a good faith contest by Borrower (provided
that no Credit Extensions will be required to be made during such cure period);

            8.5 Insolvency. If Borrower becomes insolvent, or if an Insolvency
Proceeding is commenced by Borrower, or if an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced
against Borrower and is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days (provided that no
Loans will be made prior to the dismissal of such Insolvency Proceeding);

            8.6 Other Agreements. If there is a default in any agreement to
which Borrower is a party with a third party or parties resulting in a right by
such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the
maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $100,000.00 or that could
have a Material Adverse Effect;

            8.7 Subordinated Debt. If Borrower makes any payment on account of
Subordinated Debt, except to the extent such payment is allowed under any
subordination agreement entered into with Bank;
<PAGE>
            8.8 Judgments. If a judgment or judgments for the payment of money
in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least $100,000.00 shall be
rendered against Borrower and shall remain unsatisfied and unstayed for a period
of ten days (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the
satisfaction or stay of such judgment); or

            8.9 Misrepresentations. If any material misrepresentation or
material misstatement exists now or hereafter in any warranty or representation
set forth herein or in any certificate or writing delivered to Bank by Borrower
or any Person acting on Borrower's behalf pursuant to this Agreement or to
induce Bank to enter into this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

      9. BANK'S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

            9.1 Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, at its election, without notice of
its election and without demand, do any one or more of the following, all of
which are authorized by Borrower:

                  (a) Declare all Obligations, whether evidenced by this
Agreement, by any of the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, immediately due and
payable (provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in
Section 8.5 all Obligations shall become immediately due and payable without any
action by Bank);

                  (b) Cease advancing money or extending credit to or for the
benefit of Borrower under this Agreement or under any other agreement between
Borrower and Bank;

                  (c) Settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with account
debtors for amounts, upon terms and in whatever order that Bank reasonably
considers advisable;

                  (d) Without notice to or demand upon Borrower, make such
payments and do such acts as Bank considers necessary or reasonable to protect
its security interest in the Collateral. Borrower agrees to assemble the
Collateral if Bank so requires, and to make the Collateral available to Bank as
Bank may designate. Borrower authorizes Bank to enter the premises where the
Collateral is located, to take and maintain possession of the Collateral, or any
part of it, and to pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any encumbrance,
charge, or lien which in Bank's determination appears to be prior or superior to
its security interest and to pay all expenses incurred in connection therewith.
With respect to any of Borrower's premises, Borrower hereby grants Bank a
license to enter such premises and to occupy the same, without charge in order
to exercise any of Bank's rights or remedies provided herein, at law, in equity,
or otherwise;

                  (e) Without notice to Borrower set off and apply to the
Obligations any and all (i) balances and deposits of Borrower held by Bank, or
(ii) indebtedness at any time owing to or for the credit or the account of
Borrower held by Bank;

                  (f) Ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair,
prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell (in the manner provided for
herein) the Collateral. Bank is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free
license or other right, solely pursuant to the provisions of this Section 9.1,
to use, without charge, Borrower's labels, patents, copyrights,
<PAGE>
mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks,
service marks, and advertising matter, or any property of a similar nature, as
it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for
sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Bank's exercise of its
rights under this Section 9.1, Borrower's rights under all licenses and all
franchise agreements shall inure to Bank's benefit;

                  (g) Sell the Collateral at either a public or private sale, or
both, by way of one or more contracts or transactions, for cash or on terms, in
such manner and at such places (including Borrower's premises) as Bank
determines is commercially reasonable, and apply the proceeds thereof to the
Obligations in whatever manner or order it deems appropriate;

                  (h) Bank may credit bid and purchase at any public sale, or at
any private sale as permitted by law;

                  (i) Any deficiency that exists after disposition of the
Collateral as provided above will be paid immediately by Borrower; and

                  (j) Bank shall have a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to
use the Intellectual Property Collateral to the extent reasonably necessary to
permit Bank to exercise its rights and remedies upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default.

            9.2 Power of Attorney. Effective only upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints
Bank (and any of Bank's designated officers, or employees) as Borrower's true
and lawful attorney to: (a) send requests for verification of Accounts or notify
account debtors of Bank's security interest in the Accounts; (b) endorse
Borrower's name on any checks or other forms of payment or security that may
come into Bank's possession; (c) sign Borrower's name on any invoice or bill of
lading relating to any Account, drafts against account debtors, schedules and
assignments of Accounts, verifications of Accounts, and notices to account
debtors; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under and decisions with
respect to Borrower's policies of insurance; and (e) settle and adjust disputes
and claims respecting the accounts directly with account debtors, for amounts
and upon terms which Bank determines to be reasonable; (f) to modify, in its
sole discretion, any intellectual property security agreement entered into
between Borrower and Bank without first obtaining Borrower's approval of or
signature to such modification by amending Exhibit A, Exhibit B and Exhibit C
thereof, as appropriate, to include reference to any right, title or interest in
any Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, Mask Works acquired by Borrower after the
execution hereof or to delete any reference to any right, title or interest in
any Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, or Mask Works in which Borrower no longer
has or claims any right, title or interest; (g) to file, in its sole discretion,
one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto,
relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of Borrower where
permitted by law; and (h) to transfer the Intellectual Property Collateral into
the name of Bank or a third party to the extent permitted under the UCC provided
Bank may exercise such power of attorney to sign the name of Borrower on any of
the documents described in Section 4.2 regardless of whether an Event of Default
has occurred. The appointment of Bank as Borrower's attorney in fact, and each
and every one of Bank's rights and powers, being coupled with an
<PAGE>
interest, is irrevocable until all of the Obligations have been fully repaid and
performed and Bank's obligation to provide Loans hereunder is terminated.

            9.3 Accounts Collection. Effective only upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may notify any Person owing
funds to Borrower of Bank's security interest in such funds and verify the
amount of such Account. Borrower shall collect all amounts owing to Borrower for
Bank, receive in trust all payments as Bank's trustee, and if requested or
required by Bank, immediately deliver such payments to Bank in their original
form as received from the account debtor, with proper endorsements for deposit.

            9.4 Bank Expenses. If Borrower fails to pay any amounts or furnish
any required proof of payment due to third persons or entities, as required
under the terms of this Agreement, then Bank may do any or all of the following:
(a) upon reasonable notice to Borrower, make payment of the same or any part
thereof; (b) set up such reserves under the Revolving Commitment as Bank deems
necessary to protect Bank from the exposure created by such failure; or (c)
obtain and maintain insurance policies of the type discussed in Section 6.6 of
this Agreement, and take any action with respect to such policies as Bank deems
prudent. Any amounts so paid or deposited by Bank shall constitute Bank
Expenses, shall be immediately due and payable, and shall bear interest at the
then applicable rate hereinabove provided, and shall be secured by the
Collateral. Any payments made by Bank shall not constitute an agreement by Bank
to make similar payments in the future or a waiver by Bank of any Event of
Default under this Agreement.

            9.5 Bank's Liability for Collateral. So long as Bank complies with
reasonable banking practices, Bank shall not in any way or manner be liable or
responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage
thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause; (c) any
diminution in the value thereof; or (d) any act or default of any carrier,
warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency, or other person whomsoever. All risk of
loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by Borrower.

            9.6 Remedies Cumulative. Bank's rights and remedies under this
Agreement, the Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall be cumulative.
Bank shall have all other rights and remedies not expressly set forth herein as
provided under the UCC, by law, or in equity. No exercise by Bank of one right
or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Bank of any Event of
Default on Borrower's part shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Bank
shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. No waiver by Bank
shall be effective unless made in a written document signed on behalf of Bank
and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which it was given.

            9.7 Demand; Protest. Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of
protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice
of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement,
extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and
guarantees at any time held by Bank on which Borrower may in any way be liable.

      10. NOTICES

      Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices or demands by any
party relating to this Agreement or any other agreement entered into in
connection herewith shall be in writing and (except for financial statements and
other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage
prepaid) shall be personally delivered or sent by a recognized
<PAGE>
overnight delivery service, by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt
requested, or by telefacsimile to Borrower or to Bank, as the case may be, at
its addresses set forth below for such party on the signature pages hereof. The
parties hereto may change the address at which they are to receive notices
hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other.

      11. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

      The Loan Documents shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of
conflicts of law. Each of Borrower and Bank hereby submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts located in the County of Santa
Clara, State of California. BORROWER AND BANK EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE
RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT
OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN,
INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER
COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE
FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER
WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY
TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

      12. GENERAL PROVISIONS

            12.1 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and inure to
the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the
parties; provided that neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be
assigned by Borrower without Bank's prior written consent, which consent may be
granted or withheld in Bank's sole discretion. Bank may, upon the consent of
Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld), sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant
participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank's obligations,
rights and benefits hereunder.

            12.2 Indemnification. Borrower shall , indemnify ,defend, protect
and hold harmless Bank and its officers, employees, and agents against: (a) all
obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities claimed or asserted by any other
party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents;
and (b) all losses or Bank Expenses in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by
Bank as a result of or in any way arising out of, following, or consequential to
transactions between Bank and Borrower whether under the Loan Documents, or
otherwise (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees and expenses),
except for losses caused by Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

            12.3 Time of Essence. Time is of the essence for the performance of
all obligations set forth in this Agreement.

            12.4 Severability of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement
shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose
of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision.
<PAGE>
            12.5 Amendments in Writing, Integration. This Agreement cannot be
amended or terminated except by a writing signed by Borrower and Bank. All prior
agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement,
if any, are merged into this Agreement and the Loan Documents.

            12.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which,
when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of
which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement.

            12.7 Survival. All covenants, representations and warranties made in
this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so long as any
Obligations remain outstanding. The obligations of Borrower to indemnify Bank
with respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities described
in Section 12.2 shall survive until all applicable statute of limitations
periods with respect to actions that may be brought against Bank have run;
provided that so long as the obligations referred to in the first sentence of
this Section 12.7 have been satisfied, and Bank has no commitment to make any
Credit Extensions or to make any other loans to Borrower, Bank shall release all
security interests granted hereunder and redeliver all Collateral held by it in
accordance with applicable law.

            12.8 Confidentiality. In handling any confidential information Bank
shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises with respect to its own
proprietary information of the same types to maintain the confidentiality of any
non-public information thereby received or received pursuant to this Agreement
except that disclosure of such information may be made (i) to the subsidiaries
or affiliates of Bank in connection with their present or prospective business
relations with Borrower, (ii) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any
interest in the Loans, provided that they have entered into a comparable
confidentiality agreement in favor of Borrower and have delivered a copy to
Borrower, (iii) as required by law, regulations, rule or order, subpoena,
judicial order or similar order, (iv) as may be required in connection with the
examination, audit or similar investigation of Bank, and (v) as Bank may deem
appropriate in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder.
Confidential information hereunder shall not include information that either:
(a) is in the public domain or in the knowledge or possession of Bank when
disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain after disclosure to Bank
through no fault of Bank; or (b) is disclosed to Bank by a third party, provided
Bank does not have actual knowledge that such third party is prohibited from
disclosing such information.

            12.9 Amendment and Restatement. Borrower acknowledges and agrees
that the security interest granted by it pursuant to the Loan Documents and in
the Prior Agreement (and maintained pursuant to this Agreement) continues
(without interruption) in full force and effect in favor of Bank. Upon the
effectiveness of this Agreement, (a) the terms and conditions of the Prior
Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety by this Agreement,
and (b) Borrower forever releases, discharges, and acquits Bank under the Prior
Agreement, and each of its officers, directors, attorneys, agents and employees,
and any of its successors and assigns, from all obligations, indebtedness, and
liabilities to Borrower of every kind, nature or
<PAGE>
description, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, whether arising under
contract or tort, arising under or in connection with the Prior Agreement
arising prior to the date hereof.
<PAGE>
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first above written.

IMANAGE, INC.


By:
   --------------------------------------------------

Title:
      -----------------------------------------------


By:
   --------------------------------------------------

Title:
      -----------------------------------------------

Address for Notices:    2121 South El Camino Real, Suite 400
                        San Mateo, CA 94403
                        Attention: Mark Culhane, CFO


SILICON VALLEY BANK


By:
   --------------------------------------------------

Title:
      -----------------------------------------------

Address for Notices:    3003 Tasman Drive
                        Santa Clara, CA  95054-1191
                        Attention:  John China
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

      The Collateral consists of all of Borrower's right, title and interest in
and to the following:

      All goods and equipment now owned or hereafter acquired, including,
without limitation, all machinery, fixtures, vehicles (including motor vehicles
and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing, and all attachments,
accessories, accessions, replacements, substitutions, additions, and
improvements to any of the foregoing, wherever located;

      All inventory, now owned or hereafter acquired, including, without
limitation, all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and
shipping materials, work in process and finished products including such
inventory as is held for sale or lease, or to be furnished under a contract of
service or is temporarily out of Borrower's custody or possession or in transit
and including any returns or repossession upon any accounts or other proceeds,
including insurance proceeds, resulting from the sale or disposition of any of
the foregoing and any documents of title representing any of the above;

      All contract rights and general intangibles now owned or hereafter
acquired, including, without limitation, goodwill, trademarks, servicemarks,
trade styles, trade names, patents, patent applications, leases, license
agreements, franchise agreements, blueprints, drawings, purchase orders,
customer lists, route lists, infringements, claims, computer programs, computer
discs, computer tapes, literature, reports, catalogs, design rights, income tax
refunds, payments of insurance, payment intangibles, and rights to payment of
any kind;

      All now existing and hereafter arising accounts (including health-care
insurance receivables), contract rights, royalties, license rights and all other
forms of obligations owing to Borrower arising out of the sale or lease of
goods, the licensing of technology or the rendering of services by Borrower,
whether or not earned by performance, and any and all credit insurance,
guaranties, and other security therefor, as well as all merchandise returned to
or reclaimed by Borrower;

      All documents (including negotiable documents), cash, deposit accounts,
securities, securities entitlements, securities accounts, investment property,
financial assets, letters of credit, letter of credit rights, money,
certificates of deposit, instruments (including promissory notes) and chattel
paper (including tangible and electronic chattel paper) now owned or hereafter
acquired and Borrower's Books relating to the foregoing;

      All copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and
like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether
published or unpublished, now owned or hereafter acquired; all trade secret
rights, including all rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating
manuals, license rights and agreements and confidential information, now owned
or hereafter acquired; all claims for damages by way of any past, present and
future infringement of any of the foregoing; and
<PAGE>
      All Borrower's Books relating to the foregoing, and the computers and
equipment containing said books and records, and any and all claims, rights and
interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions and
accessions to and proceeds thereof.
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT B

              LOAN PAYMENT/LOAN ADVANCE TELEPHONE REQUEST FORM
              DEADLINE FOR SAME DAY PROCESSING IS 12:00 NOON P.S.T.

TO:  CENTRAL CLIENT SERVICE DIVISION                DATE:
                                                           -------------------
FAX#:  (408)                                        TIME:
             -----------------------                       -------------------


FROM:
         --------------------------------------------------------------
                  BORROWER'S NAME


                           --------------------------------------------
                           AUTHORIZED SIGNER'S NAME

                           --------------------------------------------
                           AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE

PHONE:
       -------------------------------------------------------------------------

FROM ACCOUNT #                        TO ACCOUNT#
              -----------------------            -------------------------------


REQUESTED TRANSACTION TYPE          REQUEST DOLLAR AMOUNT
--------------------------          ---------------------
PRINCIPAL INCREASE (Loan)                $
                                          --------
PRINCIPAL PAYMENT (ONLY)                 $
                                          --------
INTEREST PAYMENT (ONLY)                  $
                                          --------
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST (PAYMENT)         $
                                          --------
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS:
                    ------------------------------------------------------------

      All representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Loan and
Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects as of
the date of the telephone request for and Loan confirmed by this Loan Request;
provided that those representations and warranties expressly referring to
another date shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of
such date.
<PAGE>
BANK USE ONLY:
TELEPHONE REQUEST:

The following person is authorized to request the loan payment transfer/loan
advance on the advance designated account and is known to me.

Authorized Requester:
                      -------------------------------

         --------------------------------------------
         Authorized Signature (Bank)
         Phone #
                ----------------------------
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT C
                             COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

TO:   SILICON VALLEY BANK
FROM: IMANAGE, INC. ("Borrower")

      The undersigned authorized officer of the above Borrower hereby certifies
that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security
Agreement between Borrower and Bank (the "Agreement"), (i) Borrower is in
complete compliance for the period ending ____________ with all required
covenants except as noted below and (ii) all representations and warranties of
Borrower stated in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects
as of the date hereof. Attached herewith are the required documents supporting
the above certification. The Officer further certifies that these are prepared
in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are
consistently applied from one period to the next except as explained in an
accompanying letter or footnotes. The Officer expressly acknowledges that no
borrowings may be requested by Borrower at any time or date of determination
that Borrower is not in compliance with any of the terms of the Agreement, and
that such compliance is determined not just at the date this certificate is
delivered.

      Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No under "Complies"
column.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      REPORTING COVENANT                                            COMPLIES
      ------------------                                            --------
<S>                                  <C>                            <C>      <C>
      Monthly financial statements   Monthly within 30 days         Yes      No
      Annual (CPA Audited)           FYE within 120 days            Yes      No
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      FINANCIAL COVENANT             REQUIRED           ACTUAL      COMPLIES
      ------------------             --------           ------      --------
<S>                                  <C>                <C>         <C>      <C>
      Maintain on a Monthly Basis
      (unless otherwise stated):
      Minimum Cash      & STI        $25,000,000        $_____      Yes      No
      Maximum Net Loss (Quarterly)   ($2,000,000)*      $_____      Yes      No
</TABLE>

*($3,700,000) in the aggregate for any 2 consecutive fiscal quarters.
Sincerely,

                          Date:
------------------------        ----------------------------
SIGNATURE

------------------------
TITLE
BANK USE ONLY
Received By:____________________
Date:___________________________
Reviewed By:____________________
Compliance Status:  Yes / No
<PAGE>
                     DISBURSEMENT REQUEST AND AUTHORIZATION

TO:         SILICON VALLEY BANK
FROM:       IMANAGE, INC. ("Borrower")

LOAN TYPE. This is a Variable Rate, Revolving Line of Credit of a principal
amount up to $__________ .
PRIMARY PURPOSE OF LOAN.  The primary purpose of this loan is for business.
SPECIFIC PURPOSE.  The specific purpose of this loan is:  _______________.
DISBURSEMENT INSTRUCTIONS. Borrower understands that no loan proceeds will be
disbursed until all of Bank's conditions for making the loan have been
satisfied. Please disburse the loan proceeds as follows:

                                                                  Revolving Line
                                                                  --------------
         Amount paid to Borrower directly:          $
                                                     --------
         Undisbursed Funds                          $
                                                     --------
         Principal                                  $
                                                     --------

CHARGES PAID IN CASH. Borrower has paid or will pay in cash as agreed the
      following charges:
            Prepaid Finance Charges Paid in Cash:   $
                                                    --------
                  $          Loan Fee
                   --------
                  $          Accounts Receivables Audit
                   --------
            Other Charges Paid in Cash:             $
                                                    --------
                  $                 UCC Search Fees
                   --------
                  $                 UCC Filing Fees
                   --------
                  $                 Patent Filing Fees
                   --------
                  $                 Trademark Filing Fees
                   --------
                  $                 Copyright Filing Fees
                   --------
                  $                 Outside Counsel Fees and Expenses
                   --------
                                    [ESTIMATE, DO NOT LEAVE BLANK]

            Total Charges Paid in Cash              $
                                                    --------

AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS. Borrower hereby authorizes Bank automatically to deduct from
Borrower's account numbered ______________ the amount of any loan payment. If
the funds in the account are insufficient to cover any payment, Bank shall not
be obligated to advance funds to cover the payment.

FINANCIAL CONDITION. BY SIGNING THIS AUTHORIZATION, BORROWER REPRESENTS AND
WARRANTS TO BANK THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ABOVE IS TRUE AND CORRECT AND
THAT THERE HAS BEEN NO ADVERSE CHANGE IN BORROWER'S FINANCIAL CONDITION AS
DISCLOSED IN BORROWER'S MOST RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENT TO BANK. THIS
AUTHORIZATION IS DATED AS OF_________________________ , 200___.

BORROWER:

By:____________________________________
           Authorized Officer
<PAGE>
                         AGREEMENT TO PROVIDE INSURANCE

TO:         SILICON VALLEY BANK
FROM:       IMANAGE, INC. ("Borrower")

      INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS. Borrower understands that insurance coverage is
required in connection with the extending of a loan or the providing of other
financial accommodations to Borrower by Bank. These requirements are set forth
in the Loan Documents. The following minimum insurance coverages must be
provided on the following described collateral (the "Collateral"):

            Collateral:     All Inventory, Equipment and Fixtures.
            Type:           All risks, including fire, theft and liability.
            Amount:         Full insurable value.
            Basis:          Replacement value.
            Endorsements:   Loss payable clause to Bank with stipulation that
                            coverage will not be cancelled or diminished without
                            a minimum of 15 days prior written notice to Bank.

      INSURANCE COMPANY. Borrower may obtain insurance from any insurance
company Borrower may choose that is reasonably acceptable to Bank. Borrower
understands that credit may not be denied solely because insurance was not
purchased through Bank.

      FAILURE TO PROVIDE INSURANCE. Borrower agrees to deliver to Bank, on or
before closing, evidence of the required insurance as provided above, with an
effective date of _________________, 200_, or earlier. Borrower acknowledges and
agrees that if Borrower fails to provide any required insurance or fails to
continue such insurance in force, Bank may do so at Borrower's expense as
provided in the Loan and Security Agreement. The cost of such insurance, at the
option of Bank, shall be payable on demand or shall be added to the indebtedness
as provided in the security document. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF BANK SO
PURCHASES ANY SUCH INSURANCE, THE INSURANCE WILL PROVIDE LIMITED PROTECTION
AGAINST PHYSICAL DAMAGE TO THE COLLATERAL, UP TO THE BALANCE OF THE LOAN;
HOWEVER, BORROWER'S EQUITY IN THE COLLATERAL MAY NOT BE INSURED. IN ADDITION,
THE INSURANCE MAY NOT PROVIDE ANY PUBLIC LIABILITY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE
INDEMNIFICATION AND MAY NOT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY FINANCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY LAWS.

      AUTHORIZATION. For purposes of insurance coverage on the Collateral,
Borrower authorizes Bank to provide to any person (including any insurance agent
or company) all information Bank deems appropriate, whether regarding the
Collateral, the loan or other financial accommodations, or both.

      BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO
PROVIDE INSURANCE AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS AGREEMENT IS DATED DECEMBER 16,
2002.

BORROWER:
By:______________________________
         Authorized Officer
         FOR BANK USE ONLY
         INSURANCE VERIFICATION
DATE:                                               PHONE:
AGENT'S NAME:
INSURANCE COMPANY:
POLICY NUMBER:
<PAGE>
EFFECTIVE DATES:
COMMENTS:



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
