<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.68
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>f88382exv10w68.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.68
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.68

                                    AGREEMENT

This agreement is made and entered into by and between

Lessor: Lee, Po - Hu (hereinafter called Party A)

Lessee: SINA. Com Online

Legal representative: Chiang, Fong-Nien (hereinafter called Party B)

Whereas, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained for lease and
of each act done hereunder by the parties hereto, it is mutually agreed as
follows:

I.    Location of real asset: Location and rental area by Party B from Party A:

      3F, No. 29, An Ho Rd., Sec. 1, Ta An District, Taipei City, No. of
      construction: 4575, with area of 216.14 Pings, included two parking spaces
      in the basement.

II.   Term of Lease

      (a)   The term of this LEASE shall commence from the 1st day of January of
            2003 to the 31st day of December of 2003, total one years.

      (b)   Any party who agrees to continue this lease agreement, shall serve
            three-month notice prior to the expiration of this agreement. Both
            parties shall negotiate relative content of lease agreement and sign
            up in one month before the rental term is terminated. Rent will be
            adjusted by 3% upon fluctuation of inflation rate.

III.  Rental:

      (a)   Rental: Monthly rental amount is New Taiwan Dollars three hundred
            thousand only (included the Rental Income Tax).

      (b)   Payment: Payable rental shall be calculated per month. Party B shall
            give Party A 24 checks, each with face value of monthly rental to be
            cashed on 1st day of each rented month when sign this agreement.
            Rental shall be deemed received only when the check is cashed and
            shall not be delayed.

      (c)   Withholding Tax Statement: Rental Income Tax shall be withheld and
            paid by Party B per month and offer relative Withholding Tax
            Statement for the previous year to Party A before Feb. 10 of the
            fiscal year. Party B shall be responsible for any penalty to party A
            caused by the omission of Tax Statement.

VI.   Security Deposit:

      Party B shall pay New Taiwan Dollars one million as Security Deposit to
      Party A when sign this agreement. Party A shall return the Security
      Deposit after deduction of estimated Water, Electricity charge, Property
      Management Fee and handling

<PAGE>


      charge of waste matters, to party B by cash or sigh check without
      interest, when Party A has settled all debt and vacated the leased
      premises. In compliance with collected receipt, Party A shall refund the
      withheld money in excess. Party B shall not have this Security Deposit
      under mortgage for any liabilities and only served as indemnification when
      Party B breaches this agreement. No rental deduction is allowed, meanwhile
      within the range of liabilities borne by Party B in this agreement, no
      joint compensation can be requested by any third party.

      V.    Utilization limit:

      (a)   Without written consent from Party A, Party B shall not transfer,
            assign, sublet or by other alternative method to have other persons
            utilize the rented premises or relative right, no matter in whole or
            in part.

      (b)   Party B rent this premises for office utilization, which shall not
            infringe the stipulated utilization set up in relative act of
            construction, nor transact illegal business and perform the
            administration obligation under good custodian.

      (c)   Party B shall obey relative regulations stipulated by law or
            governing authority. In addition to the documents provided by Party
            A for the company registration, Party B shall acquire necessary
            certificate and perform other procedures for business and shall not
            do any illegal behavior or deposit dangerous, explosive, prohibited
            or other stuffs that may influence the public security. Party B
            shall be responsible for any offense and bear any compensation in
            case of any third party or Party A's damage.

      (d)   During the rented period, Party B shall abide provisions stipulated
            in Building & Apartment Administration Act and administrating
            articles set up by the Administration Board of this Building under
            good coordination in order not to disturb the residents in this
            building. Party B shall be responsible in case of any offences.

VI.   Equipment and decoration

      (a)   No alteration inside or outside the premises is allowed unless under
            Party A's consent. Agreed alteration shall infringe regulations in
            Art. 77, Art. 77-2 of Construction Law or hazard the original
            structure, whereas all the costs and the security, cleaning and
            environmental responsibility during work shall be in charge of Party
            B.

      (b)   Both parties agree that the goods and/or the appurtenances used for
            said alterations, which are permanently attached to the Leased
            Building, such as the water pipes, electric wire, ceiling, floor,
            door window and fittings, upon the expiry or cancellation of the
            lease period, shall all become the possession of the Party A. Party
            B shall not be entitled to demand any right of such goods and /

<PAGE>


            or appurtenances.

VII.  Surrender of the leased premises:

      (a)   Party B shall withdraw or manage the transfer registration of
            company when the Lease Agreement is terminated or cancelled. Party B
            shall vacate everything, including performed alteration on the
            premises and remove shop, as well restore and surrender the leased
            premises under original status for normal utilization. But According
            to current status, Party A may ask Party B to surrender the rented
            premises in whole or in part under actual condition. (not included
            the personal assets of Party B).

      (b)   Party B shall vacate and surrender the leased premises upon the
            termination or cancellation of Lease Agreement, otherwise Party B
            shall remain liable to pay the Party A the two times rentals. Any
            Payment for agreement infringement shall not interfere the petition
            right to claim

VIII. Deposed stuff:

      After surrender of leased premises, all furniture or miscellaneous matters
      left by Party B shall be deemed as waste, which shall be handled by Party
      A, Party B shall not have any objection. Relative handling charge shall be
      deducted when Party A refund the Security Deposit to Party B.

VIIII. Advance termination

      (a)   Party B shall deliver the rental check according to stipulated
            periods and cash the check, as well utilize the rented premises, pay
            the charge and tax in compliance with this agreement. Any deferment
            or breach shall be paid or remedied within 10 days after receipt of
            written notice from Party A, otherwise Party A may terminate this
            agreement.

      (b)   When the agreement is terminated under above-mentioned conditions,
            Party B shall pay one month's rental to Party A as penalty. Party A
            agree to return unearned or abated rental checks to Party B when
            above mentioned penalty for agreement breach, rental in due and all
            tax are settled by Party B, so as to surrender the rented premises
            according to this agreement. Party A may have Payment Order or raise
            suit for any unpaid money, Party B shall not have any objection.

X.    Management under good custodian

      (a)   Party B shall abide every clause set in this agreement and keeps the
            rented premises under good custodian. Any damage of leased premises
            caused by Party A on his purpose or negligence or in case of any
            right or interest damage for

<PAGE>

            Party A or the third party. In case of the fire disaster, Party B
            shall compensate relative damage or ruin of the leased premises,
            although no serious fault is contributed to Party B.

      (b)   Party B is entitled to terminate the Lease Agreement when the leased
            premises go through fire, earthquake, typhoon, war, riot or similar
            events and beyond the utilization. If the damage is in part, Party B
            may give written repairing notice to Party A within 5 days after the
            occurrence. In case of any influence of utilization, both parties
            shall negotiate to reduce the rental percentage under bona fides.
            But when the damage in part interfere the utilization for Party B,
            this Lease Agreement can be terminated.

XI.   Others

      (a)   All water, electricity, gas, administration, telephone, clean and
            imposed tax from Party B's transaction and other repairing fee
            caused by Party B, from the day when the leased premises are
            delivered to Party B till the day when Party B surrenders the leased
            premises, shall be on Party B's account. But the tax on house and
            land shall be borne by Party A.

      (b)   Party B shall obey relative regulations or requirements from
            governing authority to manage the security measures and business
            equipment and bears charges in concern. Any infringement that causes
            the loss to party A or the third party or any damage or penalty
            imposed by governing authority, Party B shall have the responsible
            to indemnify.

      (c)   Any loss of right or interest from Party A caused by Party B's
            infringement, Party B shall take complete legal liability, and bear
            the suit charge, lawyer fee in case of legal action.

      (d)   Party A shall arrange the premises insurance, but Party B shall have
            insurance for his own decoration, equipment or merchandise.

XII.  Impose clause: following impose clauses shall be followed by both parties.

      (a)   Party B shall return the leased premises to party A when the
            agreement is due and no extension is managed. Party A shall return
            the security deposit to Party B according to article 4 in this
            agreement.

      (b)   Party B shall pay the rental in compliance with the payment schedule
            and any penalty for the infringement of this agreement.

XIII. Service and governing law

      (a)   Both parties agree to have their respective addresses in this
            agreement for service. Any alteration shall be notified by written
            notice to opposite party. When the notice can not be served and
            return, the served date is based on the 1st
<PAGE>

            registered mailing date by post office.

      (b)   To give effect and interpret the provisions of this Agreement, Lease
            Agreement in Chinese version shall prevail. Any dispute shall be
            decided at Taipei District Court and governed in accordance with the
            laws of the Republic of China.

XIV.  This agreement is made in duplicate and becomes effective after signing by
      their respective authorized representatives and each party shall hold one
      copy as evidence.

Leased Agreement signed by :
Party A(the lessor):                        Party B(The lessee):
Lee, Po-Hu (with seal)                       SINA.com Online (with seal)
I.D. Card No.: A103611168                    Business Uniform No.:97172485
TEL: (O) 2541-9380                           Legal representative:
     (H) 2331-2234                           Chiang, Fong-Nien(with seal)
Address: 5F-1, No. 200, Sung Kiang Rd.       TEL: (02)2781-9126
         Taipei City                         I.D.card No.:Q120123160
                                             Address: 2F, No. 29, An Ho Rd.,
                                             Sec. 1, Ta An District, Taipei City

Date: Dec, 20, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
