<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1
                                 WORKSTREAM INC.


                   2002 AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.       Purpose of the Plan

         The purpose of the Workstream Inc 2002 Amended and Restated Stock
         Option Plan is to develop the interest of and provide an incentive to
         eligible employees and directors of Workstream Inc. (the "Corporation")
         in the Corporation's growth and development by granting to eligible
         employees and directors from time to time options to purchase Common
         Shares of the Corporation, thereby advancing the interests of the
         Corporation and its shareholders.


2.       Definitions

         In this Plan:

         a)   "Affiliate" means, other than the Corporation, (i) any corporation
              or limited liability company in an unbroken chain of corporations
              or limited liability companies ending with the Corporation if each
              corporation or limited liability company owns stock or membership
              interests (as applicable) possessing more than fifty percent (50%)
              of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one
              of the other corporations or limited liability companies in such
              chain; (ii) any corporation, trade or business (including, without
              limitation, a partnership or limited liability company) which is
              more than fifty percent (50%) controlled (whether by ownership of
              stock, assets or an equivalent ownership interest or voting
              interest) by the Corporation or one of its Affiliates; or (iii)
              any other entity, approved by the Board as an Affiliate under the
              Plan, in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates has a
              material equity interest;

         b)   "Audit Committee" means the Audit Committee of the Corporation's
              Board of Directors, as constituted from time to time, and which
              shall at all times be composed of not less than 2 members who
              shall be (i) "Non-Employee Directors" within the meaning of Rule
              16(b)-3(b)(3) (or any successor rule) promulgated under the United
              States Securities Act of 1934, as amended and (ii) "Outside
              Directors" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section
              1.162-27(e)(3) under Section 162(m) of the Code;

         c)   "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the
              Corporation as constituted from time to time;

         d)   "Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
              amended;

         e)   "Common Shares" means the common shares of the Corporation issued
              and outstanding from time to time;

         f)   "Consultant" means a person, other than an employee, executive
              officer or director of the Corporation, who performs or has
              performed services for the Corporation or an Affiliate under a
              written contract and who spends, has spent or will spend a
              significant amount of time and attention on the affairs and
              business of the Corporation or an Affiliate, and "Consultants"
              means more than one Consultant;


<PAGE>
                                       2

         g)   "Corporations Act" means the Canada Business Corporations Act, as
              amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder;

         h)   "Date of Grant" means, for any Option, the date specified by the
              Audit Committee, or its designate, at the time it grants the
              Option; provided that (a) such date shall not be prior to the date
              the Audit Committee effects the Plan with approval of a majority
              of the Corporation's shareholders, and (b) the Option is granted
              within five (5) years from the date the Plan is approved by the
              shareholders;

         i)   "Disability" means permanent and total disability as determined
              under procedures established by the Audit Committee for the
              purposes of the Plan;

         j)   "Exercise Date" means the date the Corporation receives from a
              Participant a completed notice of exercise form with full payment
              for the Option Shares being purchased;

         k)   "Exercise Period" means, with respect to any Option Shares, the
              period during which a Participant may purchase such Option Shares;

         l)   "Exercise Price" shall mean the price per Common Share as
              determined herein from time to time;

         m)   "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option granted under this Plan
              to a United States resident, designated as such by the Audit
              Committee, and constitutes an "Incentive Stock Option" within the
              meaning of section 422 of the Code.

         n)   "Non-Qualified Stock Option" means an option granted under this
              Plan to a United States resident, designated as such by the Audit
              Committee and does not constitute an Incentive Stock Option within
              the meaning of section 422 of the Code;

         o)   "Option" means a non-transferable option to purchase Common Shares
              granted pursuant to the Plan;

         p)   "Optionee" means a Participant who has been granted one or more
              Options;

         q)   "Option Shares" means Common Shares which are subject to purchase
              upon the exercise of outstanding Options;

         r)   "Participant" means a current or former full-time employee,
              Consultant or director of the Corporation or an Affiliate;


<PAGE>
                                       3

         s)   "Plan" means the Workstream Inc. 2002 Amended and Restated Stock
              Option Plan as set out herein and approved by majority of
              shareholders of the Corporation;

         t)   "Plan Shares" means the 3,000,000 Common Shares reserved from time
              to time for issuance pursuant to the exercise of Options. The Plan
              Shares may be granted as Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified
              Options, or have no designation;

         u)   "Retirement" means retirement from active employment with the
              Corporation at or after age 65, or with the consent for purposes
              of the Plan of such officer of the Corporation as may be
              designated by the Audit Committee, at or after such earlier age
              and upon the completion of such years of service as the Committee
              may specify;

         v)   "Third Party Offer" means the happening of any of the following:

                  a)       When a third party, acting at arm's length, as
                           defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended,
                           makes an offer to acquire the "beneficial ownership",
                           as defined in the Corporations Act, directly or
                           indirectly, of securities of the Corporation
                           representing 50.1 percent or more of the combined
                           voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding
                           securities; or

                  b)       When a third party, acting at arm's length, as
                           defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended,
                           makes an offer to acquire the Corporation through the
                           purchase of all of its assets, by amalgamation or
                           otherwise.


3.       Operation of the Plan

         The Plan has been designed for both Canadian and United States
         employees. For United States employees, the Option shall be designated,
         at the Date of Grant, as an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified
         Stock Option. For Canadian employees, no such designation shall be
         made.


4.       Currency

         All dollar amounts referred to in this Plan are in Canadian or United
         States funds as specified.


5.       Extended Meanings

         In this Plan, words importing the singular number include the plural
         and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender include the
         feminine and neuter genders.


<PAGE>

                                       4
6.       Headings

         Article headings are not to be considered part of the Plan and are
         included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to be
         full or accurate descriptions of the contents thereof.


7.       Eligibility

         All Participants shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.
         Eligibility to participate shall not confer upon any Participant any
         right to be granted Options pursuant to the Plan. The extent to which
         any Participant shall be entitled to Options granted pursuant to the
         Plan shall be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the
         Audit Committee.


8.       Number of Option Shares Available for Grants

         No Option may be granted by the Audit Committee which would have the
         effect of causing the total number of all Option Shares subject to
         purchase under outstanding Options to exceed the number of Plan Shares.

         Upon the expiration, surrender, cancellation or termination, in whole
         or in part, of an unexercised Option, the Option Shares subject to such
         Option shall be available for other Options to be granted from time to
         time.


9.       Granting of Options

         The Audit Committee may from time to time grant Options to Participants
         to purchase a specified number of Option Shares at a specified exercise
         price per share. The number of Option Shares to be granted, the
         exercise period, the exercise price, the Date of Grant, and such other
         terms and conditions of the Option shall be as determined by the Audit
         Committee.

         Options granted to a 10% shareholder which are designated as Incentive
         Stock Options shall have an exercise price equal to at least 110% of
         the fair market value of the Common Shares on the date the Options are
         granted.


10.      Exercise Price

         The Exercise Price per Common Share purchasable under an Option shall
         be determined by the Audit Committee but in any event shall not be
         lower than the fair market value of a Common Share on the Date of
         Grant. Fair market value shall be determined in good faith using common
         practices for such determination without regard to any restriction on
         the Common Shares.


<PAGE>
                                       5

11.      Exercise Period

         Unless otherwise specified by the Audit Committee at the time of
         granting an Option, and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, each
         Option shall be exercisable in the following installments:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Percentage of Total Number of Option
         Shares Which May be Purchased               Exercise Period
         ------------------------------------        ---------------
<S>                                                 <C>
         33 1/3%                                     After the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and up to
                                                     immediately before the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant

         33 1/3%                                     After the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and up to
                                                     immediately before the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant

         33 1/3%                                     After the third anniversary of the Date of Grant and up to
                                                     immediately before the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant
</TABLE>
         Once an installment becomes exercisable it shall remain exercisable
         until expiration or termination of the Option, unless otherwise
         specified by the Audit Committee. Each Option or installment may be
         exercised at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part, for up
         to the total number of Common Shares with respect to which it is then
         exercisable. The Audit Committee shall have the right to accelerate the
         date which any installment of any Option is exercisable.

12.      Term of Options

         Subject to accelerated termination as provided for in the Plan, each
         Option shall, unless otherwise specified by the Audit Committee, expire
         on the fifth anniversary of the Date of Grant.

13.      Exercise of Options

         An Optionee may at any time within the Exercise Period elect to
         purchase all or a portion of the Option Shares which such Optionee is
         then entitled to purchase by delivering to the Corporation a completed
         Notice of Exercise, specifying the Date of Grant of the Option being
         exercised, the exercise price of the Option and the number of Option
         Shares the Optionee desires to purchase. The Notice of Exercise shall
         be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price for such Option
         Shares. Payment can be made by cash, certified cheque, bank draft,
         money order or the equivalent payable to the order of the Corporation
         or by such other means as may be specified by the Audit Committee.



<PAGE>
                                       6

14.      Withholding of Tax

         If the Corporation determines that under the requirements of applicable
         taxation laws it is obliged to withhold for remittance to a taxing
         authority any amount upon exercise of an Option, the Corporation may,
         prior to and as a condition of issuing the Option Shares, require the
         Optionee exercising the Option to pay to the Corporation, in addition
         to and in the same manner as the purchase price for the Option Shares,
         such amount as the Corporation is obliged to remit to such taxing
         authority in respect of the exercise of the Option. Any such additional
         payment shall, in any event, be due no later than the date as of which
         any amount with respect to the Option exercised first becomes
         includable in the gross income of the Optionee for tax purposes.

15.      Limitation on Disposition of Incentive Stock Option Shares

         It is understood and intended that options granted under this plan may
         qualify as an "incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the
         Code. Accordingly, the employee understands that in order to obtain the
         benefits of an incentive stock option under section 421 of the Code, no
         sale or disposition may be made of any shares acquired upon exercise of
         the option within the one year period beginning on the day after the
         day of the transfer of such shares to him, nor within the two year
         period beginning on the day after the date an employee is granted
         Options pursuant to this agreement. If the employee intends to dispose
         or does dispose (whether by sale, exchange, gift, transfer or
         otherwise) of any such shares within said periods, he or she will
         notify the Corporation in writing within ten days after such
         disposition.

16.      Share Certificates

         Upon exercise of an Option and payment in full of the purchase price
         and any applicable tax withholdings, the Corporation shall cause to be
         issued and delivered to the Optionee within a reasonable period of time
         a certificate or certificates in the name of or as directed by the
         Optionee representing the number of Common Shares the Optionee has
         purchased.

17.      Termination of Employment

         Unless otherwise determined by the Audit Committee, if an Optionee's
         employment or services terminate for any reason other than death,
         Disability or Retirement, any Option held by such Optionee shall
         thereupon terminate, except that each such Option, to the extent then
         exercisable, may be exercised for the lessor of 60 days or the balance
         of such Option's term.


<PAGE>
                                       7

         Options shall not be affected by any change of employment within or
         among the Corporation or Affiliate, or unless otherwise determined by
         the Audit Committee, so long as the Participant continues to be an
         employee of the Corporation or an Affiliate.

18.      Termination by Reason of Death, Disability or Retirement

         If an Optionee's employment or services terminate by reason of death,
         Disability or Retirement, any Option held by such Optionee may
         thereafter be exercised, to the extent then exercisable or to such
         other extent as the Audit Committee may determine, for a period of 180
         days (or such other period as the Audit Committee may specify) from the
         date of such death, Disability or Retirement or until the expiration of
         the stated term of such Option, whichever period is the shorter.

19.      Transfer

         Options granted under the Plan are not assignable or transferable by
         the Optionee or subject to any other alienation, sale, pledge or
         encumbrance by such Optionee except by will or by the laws of descent
         and distribution. During the Optionee's lifetime Options shall be
         exercisable only by the Optionee. The obligations of each Optionee
         shall be binding on his/her heirs, executors and administrators.

20.      No Right to Employment

         The granting of an Option to a Participant under the Plan does not
         confer upon the Participant any right to expectation of employment by,
         or to continue in the employment of, the Corporation, or to be retained
         as a Consultant by the Corporation.

21.      Rights as Shareholders

         The Optionee shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to
         Option Shares until full payment has been made to the Corporation and a
         share certificate or share certificates have been duly issued.

22.      Administration of the Plan

         The Plan shall be administered by the Audit Committee which shall have
         the authority to:

         a)   determine the individuals and entities (from among the class of
              individuals and entities eligible to receive Options) to whom
              Options may be granted;

         b)   determine the number of Option Shares to be subject to each
              Option;

         c)   determine the terms and conditions of any grant of Option,
              including but not limited to:


<PAGE>
                                       8

                   o  the time or times at which Options may be granted;

                   o  the exercise price at which Option Shares subject to
                      each Option may be purchased;

                   o  the time or times when each Option shall be come
                      exercisable and the duration of the Exercise Period but,
                      in any case shall not exceed five years from the Date of
                      Grant;

                   o  whether restrictions or limitations are to be imposed on
                      Option Shares, and the nature of such restrictions or
                      limitations, if any; and

                   o  any acceleration of exercisability or waiver of
                      termination regarding any Option, based on such factors as
                      the Audit Committee may determine; and

         d)   interpret the Plan and prescribe and rescind rules and regulations
              relating to the Plan.

         The interpretation and construction by the Audit Committee of any
         provisions of the Plan or of any Option granted under it shall be final
         and binding on all persons. Nothing in the Plan shall be interpreted,
         amended or altered in such a manner as to disqualify the Plan under
         section 422 of the Code. No members of the Audit Committee shall be
         liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect
         to the Plan or any Option granted under it. The day-to-day
         administration of the Plan may be delegated to such officers and
         employees of the Corporation or any Affiliate as the Audit Committee
         shall determine.

23.      Recapitalization and Reorganization

         The number of Option Shares subject to each outstanding Option and the
         purchase price for such Option Shares shall be appropriately adjusted
         for any subdivision, redivision, consolidation or any similar change
         affecting the Common Shares.

24.      Conditions

         The Plan and each Option shall be subject to the requirement that, if
         at any time the Audit Committee determines that the listing,
         registration or qualification of the Common Shares subject to such
         Option upon any securities exchange or under any provincial, state or
         federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental body,
         securities exchange, or the holders of the Common Shares generally, is
         necessary or desirable, as a condition of, or in connection with, the
         granting of such Option or the issue or purchase of Common Shares
         thereunder, no such Option may be granted or exercised in whole or in
         part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or
         approval shall have been affected or obtained free of any conditions
         not acceptable to the Audit Committee.


<PAGE>

                                       9

25.      Notices

         All written notices to be given by the Optionee to the Corporation
         shall be delivered personally or by registered mail, postage prepaid,
         addressed as follows:

                            Workstream Inc
                            495 March Road, Suite 300
                            Kanata, ON K2K 3G1
                            Attention: CEO

         Any notice given by the Optionee pursuant to the terms of an Option
         shall not be effective until actually received by the Corporation at
         the above address.

26.      Corporate Action

         Nothing contained in the Plan or in an Option shall be construed so as
         to prevent the Corporation from taking corporate action which is deemed
         by the Corporation to be appropriate or in its best interest, whether
         or not such action would have an adverse effect on the Plan or any
         Option.

27.      Amendments

         The Audit Committee, with approval of a majority of shareholders, shall
         have the right, in its sole discretion, to alter, amend, modify or
         terminate the Plan or any Option granted under the Plan at any time
         without notice. The Plan shall not, however, be altered, amended or
         modified more often than once every six months other than to comport
         with changes to applicable tax and employee benefit laws and the
         respective rules and regulations thereunder. No such amendment,
         however, may, without the consent of the Optionee, alter or impair any
         rights or increase any obligations with respect to an Option previously
         granted under the Plan.

28.      Third Party Offer

         In the event of a Third Party Offer, which is accepted by a majority of
         the shareholders of the Corporation, unless otherwise determined by the
         Board of Directors prior to the occurrence of such Third Party Offer,
         any options, outstanding as of the date of the Third Party Offer and
         then not exercisable fix; shall become fully exercisable at the
         Exercise Price, provided that Optionees are not required to exercise
         the options if the Third Party Offer per Common Share is less than the
         Exercise Price.

29.      Termination of Plan

         Except as otherwise provided herein, Options may be granted only within
         the five year period from the date the Plan has been approved by a
         majority of common shareholders. The termination of the Plan shall have
         no effect on outstanding Options, which shall continue in effects in
         accordance with their terms and conditions and the terms and conditions
         of the Plan, provided that no Option may be exercised after the fifth
         anniversary of its Date of Grant.



<PAGE>
                                       10

30.      Further Assurances

         Each Participant shall, when requested to do so by the Corporation,
         sign and deliver all such documents relating to the granting or
         exercise of Options deemed necessary or desirable by the Corporation.

31.      Governing Law

         The Plan is established under the laws of the Province of Ontario, and
         the rights of all parties and the construction and effect of each
         provision of the Plan shall be according to the laws of the Province of
         Ontario.


      DATED this 7th day of November, 2002.


      WORKSTREAM INC


      /s/ Michael Mullarkey
      ----------------------------------
      Michael Mullarkey, Chairman


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
