<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 2.1


           -----------------------------------------------------------


                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION


                                  BY AND AMONG


                               PRO SQUARED, INC.,


                                ITS STOCKHOLDERS


                                       AND


                      GLOBAL BOULEVARD INTERNATIONAL, INC.


           -----------------------------------------------------------



<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                           Page


ARTICLE I - AGREEMENT

   1.1     Plan of Reorganization                            5
   1.2     Exchange of Stock                                 5
   1.3     Delivery of Shares                                6
   1.4     Capital Structure of Pro Squared, Inc.            6
   1.5     Present Capital Structure of GBBV                 6
   1.6     Capital Structure of GBBV at the Closing          6
   1.7     No Changes in Capitalization                      7
   1.8     Capital Structure of GBBV After the Closing       7

ARTICLE II - CLOSING; EFFECTIVE DATE                         8

   2.1     Closing                                           8
   2.2     Closing Documents                                 8
   2.3      Miscellaneous Closing Covenants                  8

ARTICLE III - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF GBBV         9

   3.1     Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries      9
   3.2     Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws              9
   3.3     Authority Relative to This Agreement             10
   3.4     No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents       10
   3.5     Compliance; Permits                              10
   3.6     Financial Statements                             11
   3.7     Commission Filings                               11
   3.8     OTCBB.                                           11
   3.9     State Takeover Statutes                          11
   3.10    Absence of Certain Changes or Events             12
   3.11    Absence of Litigation                            12
   3.12    Employee Benefit Plans                           12
   3.13    Title to Property                                12
   3.14    Directors and Officers                           12
   3.15    Corporate Record Books                           12
   3.16    Lack of Disputes                                 12
   3.17    Board Approval                                   13

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PRO AND THE STOCKHOLDERS

   4.1     Organization and Qualification                    13
   4.2      Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws             13
   4.3      Authority Relative to This Agreement             13
   4.4      No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents       14
   4.5      Compliance; Permits                              14
   4.6      Financial Statements                             14
   4.7      No Undisclosed Liabilities                       14
   4.8      Absence of Litigation                            15
   4.9      Labor Matters                                    15
   4.10    Restrictions on Business Activities               15
   4.11    Title to Property                                 15
   4.12    Environmental Matters                          15
   4.13    Intangible Assets                              16
   4.14    Directors and Officers                         16
   4.15    Corporate Record Books                         16
   4.16    Lack of Disputes                               16
   4.17    Board Approval                                 16
   4.18    Vote Required                                  16
   4.19    Disclosures                                    16
   4.20    Confidentiality and Non Disclosure             16
   4.21    Access to Information                          16

ARTICLE V - TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVERS

   5.1     Termination                                    17
   5.2     Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination   17
   5.3     Fees and Expenses                              17
   5.4     Amendment                                      17
   5.5     Waiver                                         17

ARTICLE VI - LEAK-OUT AGREEMENTS; PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

   6.1     Public Disclosure                              18

ARTICLE VII - GENERAL PROVISIONS

   7.1     Non-Survival.                                  18
   7.2     Notices                                        18
   7.3     Further Assurances                             18
   7.4     Interpretation                                 18



<PAGE>


   7.5     Counterparts                                   19
   7.6     Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries    19
   7.7     Severability                                   19
   7.8     Other Remedies; Specific Performance           19
   7.9     Governing Law                                  19

Signatures                                                20
Schedules A-D:                                            22
<PAGE>


                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

     This  Agreement  and  Plan of  Reorganization  is entered into on this 26th
day  of  March,  2003  ("Agreement"),  by  and  among Pro Squared, Inc., a Texas
corporation   ("PRO"),   the   undersigned   stockholders   of  PRO as set forth
on  Schedule  A  attached  hereto,  (the  "Stockholders")  and  Global Boulevard
International,  Inc.,  a  Nevada  corporation  ("GBBV").

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS,  the  Stockholders  own  beneficially  and  of record 99.5% of the
issued  and outstanding  shares of common stock,  par value $.001 per share (the
"PRO  Common  Stock"),  of  PRO;  and

     WHEREAS,  GBBV  desires to acquire 99.5% of the issued and  outstanding PRO
Common  Stock,  making  PRO a subsidiary of GBBV and the Stockholders  desire to
make  a  tax-free  exchange  of  their  PRO  Common  Stock  for  an aggregate of
49,720,500 shares of GBBV common stock,  par value  $.001 per share, (the  "GBBV
Common  Stock");  and

     WHEREAS,  the parties intend,  by entering into this Agreement,  to adopt a
plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
Code  of  1986,  as  amended  (the  "Code").

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants,  promises and agreements
set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby  acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    AGREEMENT

     1.1  Plan  of  Reorganization.  PRO,  the  Stockholders and GBBV agree that
99.5%  of  the issued and  outstanding  Common Stock of PRO shall be acquired by
GBBV  in  a  transaction  qualifying  as  a  tax-free  stock-for-stock  exchange
pursuant  to  Section  368(a)(1)(B)  of the  Code  in exchange solely for shares
of  GBBV  Common  Stock.

     1.2 Exchange of Stock. As of the date hereof,  PRO has 59,044,266 shares of
Common  Stock  issued  and outstanding. At the Closing (as hereinafter defined),
58,754,266  shares  of  PRO  will  be  exchanged  for  49,720,500 shares of GBBV
Common  Stock,  an  exchange of 1 share of GBBV Common Stock for every 1.1816909
shares of PRO Common Stock currently owned.  A list of the holders of PRO Common
Stock,  how many shares they own, and the shares of GBBV Common Stock each is to
receive  shall  be  attached  hereto  as  Schedule  A.  Pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement, the shares of GGBV Common Stock issued herein shall subsequently
be  reverse split at a 1:2.5 basis so that the aggregate number of shares issued
to  the GBBV Shareholders of 49,720,500 shall be reduced to 19,888,200 shares of
GBBV  Common  Stock.

     The  Stockholders  represent  and  warrant  to  GBBV  that  the  shares  of
GBBV Common Stock that each will receive are being  acquired for  investment for
each  Stockholder's  own  account  and  not  with  a  view  to  sale,  resale or
distribution  except  in  compliance  with  applicable  federal  and  state
securities  laws. The Stockholders  understand  that the  shares of  GBBV Common
Stock  they will acquire have not been  registered  under the  Securities Act of
1933,  as  amended  (the  "Securities  Act"),  and applicable  state  securities
law, that they are "restricted  securities"  as  defined  under  the  Securities
Act  and  that  the  certificates  representing  such  shares  of  GBBV  Common
Stock will bear a legend to such  effect.  The Stockholders  have had  access to
a  Private  Placement Memorandum offered by GBBV and have had the opportunity to
examine  via  the Internet on the Securities  and Exchange  Commission's ("SEC")
Web  Site,  all  reports,  filings  and  other  documents filed by GBBV with the
SEC.

     1.3 Delivery of Shares.  At the Closing,  certificates  or subscriptions of
share  ownership  representing 95% of the issued and  outstanding  shares of PRO
Common  Stock  shall  be  delivered  to  GBBV,  duly  endorsed  for  transfer or
accompanied  by  appropriate stock powers duly executed. GBBV will receive valid
title  to  such  shares  of  PRO Common Stock,  free and  clear of all liens and
other  encumbrances.  At  the  Closing,  GBBV  shall  issue  and  deliver to the
Stockholders  shares  of  GBBV Common Stock as provided in the list delivered to
GBBV  pursuant  to  Section  1.2.

     1.4  Capital  Structure  of  PRO.  The  authorized  capital  stock  of  PRO
consists  of  200,000,000 shares of PRO Common Stock, of which 59,044,266 shares
are  issued  and  outstanding  as  of  March 1, 2003. No other class of stock is
authorized.  There  are  currently  options  outstanding to purchase (i) 500,000
shares  of PRO Common Stock exercisable at $.125 if and when PRO does $5,000,000
in  annual  revenue  and (ii) 500,000 shares exercisable at $.25 if and when PRO
does  $10,000,000  in  annual revenue.  Both sets of options are held by Mr. Ben
Barnes and will be adjusted in accordance with the final exchange ratio and will
be  adjusted  in accordance with the proposed reverse split so that such options
will  then  provide  the holder with the right to purchase shares of GBBV Common
Stock  in  the  adjusted  amount  and  at  the  adjusted  prices.

     1.5  Present  Capital  Structure  of GBBV.  The authorized capital stock of
GBBV consists of 100,000,000  shares of GBBV  Common  Stock,  of which 5,524,500
shares are issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding GBBV Common
Stock  have  been  duly  authorized  and  validly  issued,  are  fully  paid and
non-assessable  and were  issued  free of preemptive rights. Except as set forth
as  "Schedule B" to this Agreement,  there are no outstanding options, warrants,
conversion  rights, preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for, purchase
or  otherwise  acquire  any shares of GBBV  Common  Stock,  or any obligation of
GBBV  to  issue  any  shares  of  GBBV  Common  Stock.

     1.6  Capital Structure of GBBV at the Closing.  Prior to the Closing,  GBBV
shall  duly  and  validly  adopt,  in  form  and  substance  acceptable  to PRO,
corporate  resolutions by unanimous written consent of the Board of Directors of
GBBV to authorize and approve the actions listed in this Section 1.6 (a)-(f) and
shall  also  file,  with  the  Secretary  of  state  of  the State of Nevada, an
amendment  to  the  Company's  Certificate of Incorporation, where necessary, to
effectuate  the  following  actions:

     (a)  Approving an amendment to GBBV's Articles of  Incorporation  to change
the  corporate  name to THE PROJECT GROUP, INC.,  or such  other  name as may be
mutually  agreed  between  GBBV  and  PRO.  GBBV  shall  also  comply  with NASD
requirements  to  allow  the ticker symbol, "GBBV", to be changed to reflect the
new  corporate  name.

     (b) Approving and authorizing the designation of a class of Preferred Stock
consisting of 5,000,000 shares. The Board shall subsequently designate the terms
of  a  set  of  Class  A  Preferred  Stock as set forth in "Schedule C" attached
hereto.

     (c) Approving and  authorizing  the execution,  delivery and performance of
this  Agreement  by  GBBV,  including  the  issuance  of  49,720,500  shares  of
GBBV  Common  Stock  to  the  Stockholders.

     (d)  Approving  and  authorizing a reverse split of GBBV's shares of Common
Stock  on  a 1: 2.5 basis. The 49,720,500 shares of GBBV to be issued to the Pro
Stockholders  is  calculated  on  a  presplit  basis  (19,888,200  post  split).
              -----------------------------------------------------------------

     (e)  Approving  and  authorizing  the designation of an Employee/Consultant
2003 Stock Option Plan in the general form as attached hereto as Exhibit "D" and
the  registration  of  such  plan  on  a  Form  S-8  registration  statement.

     (f)  At  the  closing  of the proposed share exchange, James W. McCabe, Jr.
shall  resign  as  President,  CEO,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Director,  and
Corporate  Secretary, and the following officers and directors shall be elected:

       Name:                       Title:

  Craig  Crawford                  President,  Chief  Executive  Officer and
                                   Director

  William  H.  Moebius             Chairman  and  Director

  John  Winchester                 Senior  Vice  President  and  Director

  Emmett  R.  McCoppin,  Sr.       Vice  President,  Chief  Technology  Officer

  Sean  Hanson                     Director,  Treasurer  and  Secretary


GBBV  shall  file a Schedule 14F1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any  other  required  filing  related  to  the  change  of  control.

After  shareholder  approval  from  the majority of the shareholders, GBBV shall
file with the SEC a Preliminary Information Statement and Definitive Information
Statement,  if  required,  to  effectuate  those  items set forth in Section 1.6
(a)-(f)  of  this  Agreement.

    (g)  As required under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, GBBV and PRO
will  disclose  the acquisition and change of control in a Form 8-K filing to be
filed  with  the  SEC  within  fifteen  days  from  the date of the acquisition.
Thereafter,  within  60  days  from the filing of the Form 8-K, GBBV will file a
Form  8-K/A  with  the required audited financial statements of PRO and required
Pro  Forma  financial  statements.

     1.7  No  Changes  in  Capitalization.  Other  than  as  described  in  this
Agreement,  prior to the Closing Date,  GBBV will not (i) make any change in its
Article  of  Incorporation  or  By-laws,  issue  any  additional  shares of GBBV
Common  Stock  or  any  other  security or grant any option, warrant or right to
acquire  any shares  of  GBBV  Common  Stock or any other  security  or alter or
make  any  change  in any of its outstanding  securities or its  capitalization,
whether by reason  of  a   reclassification,   recapitalization,   split,  stock
dividend,  combination,  exchange  or  otherwise,  or  (ii)  redeem,  retire,
purchase  or  otherwise  acquire,  directly  or  indirectly,  any shares of GBBV
Common  Stock  or  any  other  security or declare or pay any dividends or other
distributions  in respect of such shares or securities without the prior written
consent  of  PRO.

<PAGE>

     1.8  Capital  Structure  of  GBBV  After  the  Closing.  After the Closing,
including  the  actions  described  in  this  Agreement,  the  following  shall
represent, on a post1:2.5reverse split basis,  all of the issued and outstanding
           ---------------------------------
securities  of  GBBV:

--     Current  Pro  Stockholders  who  now  own  an  aggregate  of  59,044,266
(pre-split) shares of PRO Common  Stock  will own 19,888,200 shares of GBBV on a
post-split basis. The 19,888,200 shares of GBBV on a post split basis will equal
90%  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  GBBV.

--     Current  GBBV  Stockholders  who  now  own  an  aggregate  of  5,524,500
(pre-split)  shares of GBBV Common Stock will own 2,209,800 shares  of GBBV on a
post-split basis. The 2,209,800  shares of GBBV on a post split basis will equal
10%  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  GBBV.

--     A shareholder of Pro Common Stock who elects to exchange their shares for
shares  of  GBBV  Common  Stock  will  received 1 share of GBBV Common Stock for
every  1.1816909  shares  of  PRO  Common  Stock  currently  owned.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II
                            CLOSING; EFFECTIVE DATE;

     2.1 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the  "Closing")  shall take place at 5:00 P.M., Eastern Standard Time, on March
26,  2003  or at such other time and date as the parties  shall agree in writing
(the  "Closing  Date"),  at  the  offices  of PRO, or at such other place as the
parties  shall  agree  in  writing.

     2.2  Closing  Documents.  (a)  At  the  Closing,  GBBV,  PRO  and  the
Stockholders shall deliver all certificates to be exchanged and/or subscriptions
representing  acceptance  of  the  shares  exchanged.

     (b) The effective  date of the  reorganization,  for  accounting  purposes,
shall be determined by the  company's  accountants  so as to provide the maximum
tax  benefits.

     (c) All  certificates,  instruments,  opinions  and other  documents  to be
executed  or  delivered  by  or  on  behalf of GBBV  or  under the provisions of
this  Agreement,  and  all  other  actions  and proceedings to be taken by or on
behalf  of  GBBV  or  in  furtherance  of the  transaction contemplated  hereby,
shall  be  satisfactory  in  form  and  substance  to  PRO and the Stockholders.

     2.3  Miscellaneous  Closing  Covenants.

(1)  The undersigned parties agree that post acquisition, (and subsequent to the
1:2.5 reverse split required under the terms of this Agreement), GBBV's board of
directors  will  not  vote,  as  directors  or shareholders, in favor of another
reverse  split  of the shares of GBBV common stock for a period of twelve months
from  the  date  hereof.

(2)  Prior  to the execution of this Agreement, GBBV will have had distributed a
Private  Placement  Memorandum in which GBBV shall offer, pursuant to Regulation
D, Rule 506 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 49,720,500 shares of GBBV
Common Stock to the shareholders of PRO in exchange for their outstanding shares
of PRO Common Stock. All shares of GBBV exchanged for the shares of PRO shall be
restricted  and  shall  contain  a  restrictive  legend  as  follows:

               THESE  SECURITIES  HAVE  NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
               ACT  OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND
               THEREFORE  MAY  NOT  BE  SOLD  OR  TRANSFERRED  EXCEPT  UPON SUCH
               REGISTRATION OR UPON DELIVERY TO THE CORPORATION OF AN OPINION OF
               COUNSEL  OR  OTHER  EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION THAT
               REGISTRATION  IS  NOT  REQUIRED  FOR  SUCH  SALE  OR  TRANSFER.


<PAGE>

(3) At or prior to Closing, an outstanding loan to GBBV by Franklin Fisher, Jr.,
shall be cancelled by GBBV in exchange for the issuance of 30,000 shares of GBBV
on  a  post  split  basis.

(4)  At  or  Prior to Closing, a consultant to PRO, Timothy Connolly, shall have
his consulting agreement bought out and accrued fees due to him in the form of a
$98,000  Non-Interest  Bearing  Promissory Note ("Note"), effective December 31,
2002.  Such Note requires that Mr. Connolly shall have the right to convert such
Note  into 1,960,000 shares of GBBV Common Stock (on a post reverse split basis)
to be registered on a Form S-8 and shall also be issued  (b) three year warrants
to purchase 500,000 shares of GBBV Common Stock (post reverse split) exercisable
at  $.25  per  share; and (c)  three year warrants to purchase 500,000 shares of
GBBV  Common  Stock  (post  reverse  split) exercisable at $.50 per share.  Such
1,960,000  shares  to  be  issued  to Mr. Connolly upon conversion of such Note,
shall  not  be  included  in  the  calculated 90% of GBBV to be owned by the PRO
shareholders.  Effective  upon  Closing,  GBBV shall assume the liability of the
Note  and  the  obligation  to honor and satisfy any conversion of the Note. Any
time  subsequent  to the filing of a Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate
of  Incorporation  and  the Form 8-K, at the request of Mr. Connolly, GBBV shall
file  a  Form  S-8  to  register  the shares underlying Mr. Connolly's warrants.

Notwithstanding  anything  to  the contrary in this Agreement, in no event shall
Mr.  Connolly  be entitled to convert any portion of the Promissory Note  to the
extent that, after such conversion, that number of shares of Common Stock, which
when  added  to  the sum of the number of shares already beneficially owned, (as
such  term  is  defined  under  Section  13(d)  and Rule 13d-3 of the Securities
Exchange  Act  of 1934 (the "1934 ACT")), by Mr. Connolly, would exceed 9.99% of
the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding  on the  Promissory Note
conversion date, as determined in accordance with Rule 13d-1(j) of the 1934 Act.

(5)  The  Closing  shall  be subject to meeting all state and federal regulatory
requirements  for  the  acquisition.

(6)  Other than as provided for in this Agreement, the undersigned parties agree
that  GBBV shall not file a registration statement on behalf of selling security
holders for a period of 12 months from the date hereof, except where required by
an  investor  in  order to raise new money for GBBV at fair value which shall be
defined  as  the  then current average closing bid price of the Company's Common
Stock  as  quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board for any consecutive 20 trading days.

<PAGE>

(7)  In  consideration  for  the  officers  and  directors who have converted an
aggregate  of  $64,486.31  of  accrued  salaries owed to them into shares of PRO
Common  Stock,  the  officers  and  directors  shall  be  granted  an  option of
converting  all  of  their  PRO  Common Stock into a designated class of Class A
preferred  shares  that  will  offer  voting rights identical to those rights of
holders of common shares. Such option shall also be given to William Moebius who
has  converted a $15,000 note into shares of PRO Common Stock.  The right of the
foregoing  individuals  to  convert  all of their shares of PRO Common Stock, an
aggregate  of  36,289,766  shares,  into shares of Class A preferred stock shall
vest  2 business days after GBBV files a certificate of amendment with the State
of  Nevada  to designate such class of preferred shares.  Such Class A preferred
stock will be convertible beginning TWO (2) years from the date of issuance and,
if  and  when  converted,  shall  be  converted into shares of GBBV Common Stock
based  on  the  total  number  of  shares  of  the  GBBV Common Stock issued and
outstanding  on  the conversion date such that the issuance of GBBV Common Stock
to  the  holder  shall  represent, on a pro rata basis,  59.38% of GBBV's Common
Stock  then  outstanding  after  such  conversion has taken place.  Such Class A
preferred shares shall have voting rights equal to an aggregate of 59.38% of the
total  shares  outstanding  of  GBBV  Common  Stock,  on  a  pro  rata  basis.

(8)  Pursuant  to  an  engagement  letter between PRO and Seth A. Farbman, P.C.,
Seth  A.  Farbman,  P.C.  is  owed 100,000 shares of  PRO Common Stock for legal
services  rendered. Pursuant to this Agreement, GBBV will issue Seth A. Farbman,
P.C.  100,000  (post-split)  restricted  shares  of  GBBV  Common  Stock  to  be
physically  delivered  to  Seth  A.  Farbman,  P.C.  within three days after the
effectiveness  of  the  proposed  reverse  split.

(9)  Excluding  shares  issued  for  a fair value formal acquisition or for fair
value new capital paid into GBBV in cash by an investor, any issuance of shares,
other  than pursuant to (i) the Company Employee/Consultant Stock Option Plan as
stated above and/or (ii) the conversion of what will be GBBV's Class A Preferred
Stock,  which  shall,  directly  or  indirectly,  increase  the  number of total
outstanding  shares of GBBV by more than a cumulative total of 10% (ten percent)
in  the first 12 (twelve) months from the date hereof, shall cause an equalizing
anti-dilution  adjustment of the shares and warrants outlined above for the GBBV
shareholders  as  of  the  date  hereof.



                                   ARTICLE III
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                                     OF GBBV

     GBBV  represents  and  warrants  to PRO and the  Stockholders  as set forth
in  this  Article  III:

     3.1 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. GBBV was organized by the
filing  of Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada on April 16, 1998 (Date of Inception) under the name Registered Agents of
Southern  Nevada,  Inc.  The  Company  amended  its  Articles  on March 25, 2000
changing  its  name  to  Global  Boulevard  International,  Inc.  GBBV  is  duly
incorporated,  validly  existing  and in good standing  under the laws of Nevada
and  has  the  requisite  corporate  power  and  authority  to  own,  lease  and
operate  its  assets  and  properties  and to carry on its business as it is now
being  conducted and as proposed to be conducted after the   Closing.   GBBV  is
in   possession   of  all   franchises,   grants,  authorizations,  licenses,
permits,  easements,  consents, certificates, approvals and orders  necessary to
own,  lease  and  operate  the  properties  it purports to own, operate or lease
and  to  carry  on  its  business  as  it  is  now being conducted. GBBV is duly
qualified  or  licensed as a foreign  corporation to do business, and is in good
standing,  in  each  jurisdiction  where  the  character  of  the  properties
owned,  leased  or  operated  by  it  or the nature of its activities makes such
qualification  or  licensing  necessary.   Other  than  pursuant  to  this
Agreement,  GBBV  does  not  directly  or  indirectly  own, or have the right or
obligation  to  acquire,  any equity or  similar  interest  in, or any  interest
convertible or exchangeable or exercisable  for, any equity or similar  interest
in, any corporation,  partnership,  limited liability company,  joint venture or
other  business,  association  or  entity.

     3.2  Articles  of  Incorporation  and Bylaws. GBBV has previously furnished
directly  or  through  electronic  filings  with  the  SEC  to  PRO  and  the
Stockholders  a  complete  and  correct  copy  of its  Articles of Incorporation
and  Bylaws as amended to date. Such Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws are in
full force and effect.  GBBV is not in violation of any of the provisions of its
Articles  of  Incorporation  or  Bylaws.


     3.3  Authority  Relative  to  This  Agreement.  GBBV  has  all  necessary
corporate  power and  authority  to execute and deliver  this  Agreement  and to
perform  its  obligations  hereunder  and  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby.  The  execution and delivery of this Agreement by GBBV and
the  consummation  by  GBBV  of the transactions  contemplated  hereby have been
duly  and validly  authorized by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of
GBBV  and  no  other  corporate proceedings on the part of GBBV are necessary to
authorize  this  Agreement  or  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
hereby.  This  Agreement  has  been duly and validly  executed and delivered  by
GBBV  and,  assuming  the  due  authorization,  execution  and delivery  by  PRO
and  the  Stockholders,  constitutes  a  legal  and  binding obligation of GBBV,
enforceable  against  GBBV  in  accordance  with  its  terms.

     3.4 No Conflict;  Required  Filings and  Consents.  (a) The  execution  and
delivery  of  this  Agreement  by  GBBV  do  not,  and the  performance  of this
Agreement  by  GBBV  shall  not,  (i)  conflict  with or violate its Articles of
Incorporation  or  Bylaws,  (ii)  subject  to  obtaining  the  approval  of this
Agreement  by  the  holders  of  a  majority of the  outstanding  shares of GBBV
Common  Stock,  conflict  with or  violate  any law,  rule,  regulation,  order,
judgment  or  decree  applicable  to  GBBV  or  by  which  it  or  any  of  its
properties is bound or affected,  or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would  become a
default)  under, or impair  GBBV's  rights or alter the rights or obligations of
any  third  party  under,  or  give  to  others  any  rights  of  termination,
amendment,  acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien
or  encumbrance  on  any  of  the properties or assets of GBBV  pursuant to, any
note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  contract,  agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise  or  other  instrument  or  obligation to which  GBBV is a party or by
which  GBBV  or  any  of  its  properties  is  bound  or  affected.

     (b)  The  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement by GBBV does not, and
the  performance  of  this  Agreement  by  GBBV shall not,  require any consent,
approval,  authorization  or permit of, or filing with or  notification  to, any
court,   administrative  agency,   commission,  or  governmental  or  regulatory
authority,  domestic or foreign, except for applicable requirements,  if any, of
the  Securities  Act,  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended  (the
"Exchange   Act"),   state  securities  laws,  and  the  rules  and  regulations
thereunder,  and  the  rules  and  regulations  of  NASDAQ.

     3.5  Compliance;  Permits.  (a)  GBBV  is  not  in  conflict  with,  or  in
default or  violation  of, (i) any law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment or
decree  applicable  to  GBBV  or  by  which  any of its  properties  is bound or
affected,  or (ii) any note, bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  contract,  agreement,
lease,  license,  permit,  franchise or other  instrument or obligation to which
GBBV  is  a  party  or  by  which  GBBV  or  any of its  properties  is bound or
affected.  No  investigation or review by any governmental or regulatory body or
authority  is  pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of  GBBV,  threatened  against
GBBV,  nor  has  any  governmental  or regulatory body or authority indicated an
intention  to  conduct  the  same.

     (b)  GBBV  holds  all  permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and
approvals from governmental  authorities which are necessary or desirable to the
operation  of  the  business of GBBV  (collectively,  the "GBBV  Permits"). GBBV
is  in  compliance  in  all  respects  with  the  terms  of  the  GBBV  Permits.



<PAGE>

     3.6  Financial  Statements  GBBV  has:

     (a) Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission financials statements
that  are,  accurate  and  that  are  required  by  the  Commission.

     (b) All the Financial  Statements  have been  prepared in  accordance  with
generally  accepted   accounting   principles  ("GAAP")   consistently   applied
throughout the periods  involved.  As of the date of any of such balance sheets,
except  to  the  extent  reflected therein, GBBV did not have any liabilities or
obligations  (absolute  or  contingent)  which  should be reflected in a balance
sheet or the notes  thereto  prepared in  accordance  with GAAP,  and all assets
reflected  therein are  properly  reported  and present  fairly the value of the
assets  of  GBBV  in  accordance  with GAAP.  Such  statements of operations and
comprehensive  income  present  fairly the results of operations of GBBV for the
periods  indicated.  Such  statements  of  changes  in shareholders'  equity and
cash flows present fairly the information,  which should be presented therein in
accordance  with  GAAP.

     (c)  The  financial  and  other  books and records of GBBV are complete and
correct and have been maintained in accordance with good business and accounting
practices,  and the Financial  Statements can be reconciled  with such books and
records.

     3.7 Commission Filings. Since such date GBBV was first required to make (or
has voluntarily made) such filings,  GBBV believes it has filed with the SEC all
Annual Reports on Form 10-KSB, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB, Current Reports
on  Form  8-K,  proxy  materials,  registration statements and other reports and
documents required to be filed by it pursuant to federal securities laws and has
made  all  other  filings  with the SEC required to be made  (collectively,  the
"GBBV  Commission  Filings").  GBBV has, to the best of its knowledge, satisfied
all  requirements  to be a "small  business  issuer" as defined  pursuant to the
Exchange  Act.

     3.8  OTCBB.  GBBV  and  its  market  makers  have  complied  with  and  are
current  with  all  applicable  requirements  for  the  GBBV  Common Stock to be
quoted on the OTC Bulletin  Board  ("OTCBB")  under the symbol  "GBBV".  Neither
GBBV  nor  any  of  its market  makers have  received  any notice,  nor to their
knowledge  is  it  threatened,  that  at  any time the GBBV  Common Stock may no
longer  be  eligible  to  be  quoted  on  the  OTCBB.

     The  restricted  shares  of GBBV Common Stock issuable to the  Stockholders
pursuant  to  this  Agreement,  when issued, will be duly authorized and validly
issued,  fully  paid  and  nonassessable  and  free of any preemptive rights and
will  be  eligible  to  be  quoted  on the  OTCBB.  There has been no stop order
issued by any regulatory authority including,  without limitation, the NASD, the
SEC  or any state  regulatory  authority  relating to  GBBV  or the  GBBV Common
Stock  and  GBBV  has  not  received  any notice of any  investigation  or other
proceeding  that  could  result  in  any  stop  order.

     3.9  No  Undisclosed  Liabilities.  GBBV  does  not  have  any  liabilities
(absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) except (i) liabilities provided for
in  GBBV's  balance  sheet  as  the  10-QSB  dated  September  30,  2002 or (ii)
banking,  accounting,   legal  and  printing  fees   associated   with  the
transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement,  which do not exceed $2,500.00 in
the  aggregate.



<PAGE>


     3.10  Absence  of Certain Changes or Events. Since September 30, 2002, GBBV
has  conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities.  Since September 30,
2002  no  material  change  has  occurred  in  the financial condition,  assets,
liabilities  or  business  of  GBBV.

     3.11  Absence  of  Litigation.   There  are  no  claims,   actions,  suits,
investigations  or  proceedings  pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of  GBBV,
threatened  against  GBBV  or  any  properties  or rights of GBBV or as to which
GBBV  has  received  any  written  notice  or  assertion,  before  any  court,
arbitrator or  administrative,  governmental  or  regulatory  authority or body,
domestic  or  foreign.

     3.12 Employee Benefit Plans. GBBV is not a party to any oral or written (i)
contract  for  the  employment  of any officer or employee; (ii) profit sharing,
bonus,  deferred   compensation,   pension  or  retirement  plan,  agreement  or
arrangement;  (iii) collective bargaining agreement;  or (iv) employee fringe or
benefit plan,  commitment or other  arrangements  (whether or not set forth in a
written document and including, without limitation, all "employee benefit plans"
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security
Act of 1974, as amended  ("ERISA"),  that covers any active or former  employee,
director  or  consultant  of  GBBV,  or  with  respect  to which GBBV has or may
in  the  future  have  liability.

     3.13  Title  to  Property.  GBBV  owns  no  real  property.

     3.14  Directors  and  Officers.  GBBV  has  delivered  to  PRO  and  the
Stockholders  or  has  made  available via the Internet SEC filings,  a complete
list  of  the  current  Board  of  Directors  and  officers  of  GBBV.

     3.15  Corporate  Record  Books.  The  corporate record books of GBBV are in
reasonable order,  accurate, up to date, with all necessary signatures,  and set
forth all recent meetings and actions set forth in all  certificates of votes of
stockholders  or  directors  furnished  to  anyone  at  any  time.

     3.16 Lack of Disputes.  There is  currently no dispute,  pending or, to the
knowledge of GBBV, threatened,  anticipated or contemplated of any kind with any
customer,  supplier,  source  of  financing,  employee, landlord, or licensee of
GBBV.

<PAGE>

     3.17 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of GBBV and the majority of the
stockholders  of GBBV by written consent have, as of the date of this Agreement,
(i)  approved,  this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii)
determined that this Agreement is in the best interests of the  stockholders  of
GBBV  and  is  on  terms  that  are  fair  to  such  stockholders.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                           OF PRO AND THE STOCKHOLDERS

     PRO  and  the  Stockholders jointly and severally  represent and warrant to
GBBV  as  set  forth  in  this  Article  IV:

     4.1  Organization  and  Qualification.  PRO  was  duly  incorporated  on
July  24,  2001 and  validly  existing  and in  good  standing  under  the  laws
of  Texas  and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate  its  assets  and  properties  and to carry on its business as it is now
being   conducted.   PRO  is  in  possession  of  all   franchises,   grants,
authorizations,  licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals
and orders  necessary to own,  lease and operate the  properties  it purports to
own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

     4.2 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.  PRO has previously  furnished to
GBBV  or  has  made  available to GBBV via the Internet SEC filings,  a complete
and  correct  copy  of its  Articles of  Incorporation  and Bylaws as amended to
date.  Such  Articles  of Incorporation and Bylaws are in full force and effect.
PRO,  to  the  best  of  its  knowledge,  is  not  in  violation  of  any of the
provisions  of  its  Articles  of  Incorporation  or  Bylaws.

     4.3  Authority  Relative  to  This  Agreement.  PRO  has  all  necessary
corporate  power and  authority  to execute and deliver  this  Agreement  and to
perform  its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
by  PRO  and the  consummation  by PRO of the transactions  contemplated  hereby
have  been  duly and validly  authorized by all necessary  corporate  action  on
the  part  of  PRO  and no  other  corporate proceedings  on the part of PRO are
necessary  to  authorize  this  Agreement  or  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  (other  than the approval of this Agreement by the holders
of  a  minimum of 66-2/3% of the outstanding  shares of PRO Common Stock).  This
Agreement  has  been  duly  and  validly  executed  and delivered by PRO and the
Stockholders  and,  assuming  the due  authorization,  execution and delivery by
GBBV,  constitutes  a  legal  and  binding  obligation  of  PRO  and  the
Stockholders,  enforceable  against  PRO  and  the  Stockholders  in  accordance
with  its  terms.



<PAGE>

     4.4 No Conflict;  Required  Filings and  Consents.  (a) The  execution  and
delivery  of  this  Agreement  by  PRO  and  the  Stockholders  do not,  and the
performance  of  this  Agreement  by  PRO  and the  Stockholders  shall not, (i)
conflict  with  or  violate  PRO's  Articles of  Incorporation  or Bylaws,  (ii)
subject to obtaining the approval of this Agreement by the holders of a majority
of  the  outstanding  shares  of PRO Common Stock,  conflict with or violate any
law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment  or  decree  applicable  to PRO or by
which it or any of its  properties is bound or affected,  or (iii) result in any
breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time
or  both  would  become a default)  under,  or impair  PRO's rights or alter the
rights or obligations of any third party under,  or give to others any rights of
termination,  amendment,  acceleration  or  cancellation  of,  or  result in the
creation  of  a  lien or  encumbrance  on any of the properties or assets of PRO
pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  contract,  agreement, lease,
license,  permit,  franchise or other instrument or obligation to which PRO is a
party  or  by  which  PRO  or  any  of  its  properties  is  bound  or affected.

     (b)  The  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  by  PRO  and  the
Stockholders  do  not,  and  the  performance  of this  Agreement by PRO and the
Stockholders shall not, require any consent,  approval,  authorization or permit
of, or  filing  with or  notification  to,  any  court,  administrative  agency,
commission, or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, except
for applicable  requirements,  if any, of the Securities  Act, the Exchange Act,
state securities laws, and the rules and regulations  thereunder,  and the rules
and  regulations  of  NASDAQ.

     4.5 Compliance;  Permits. (a) PRO is not in conflict with, or in default or
violation  of,  (i)  any  law,  rule,  regulation,  order,  judgment  or  decree
applicable  to  PRO  or by which any of its properties is bound or affected,  or
(ii) any note, bond, mortgage,  indenture,  contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit,  franchise or other  instrument or obligation to which PRO is a party or
by  which  PRO  or  any  of  its  properties  is  bound  or  affected.  No
investigation  or review by any  governmental or regulatory body or authority is
pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of  PRO,  threatened  against PRO, nor has any
governmental or regulatory  body or authority  indicated an intention to conduct
the  same.

     (b)  PRO  holds  all permits, licenses,  variances,  exemptions, orders and
approvals from governmental  authorities which are necessary or desirable to the
operation  of  the  business  of PRO(collectively, the "PRO Permits"). PRO is in
compliance  in  all  respects  with  the  terms  of  the  PRO  Permits.

     4.6  Financial  Statements.  (a) Within 45 days from the  effective date of
this  agreement,  PRO  will  deliver  to  GBBV a fully audited  balance sheet of
PRO and the related  audited  profit and loss statement  as of December 31, 2002
(collectively,  the  "PRO  Financial  Statements").

     (b)  The  PRO  Financial  Statements  will  present fairly the value of the
assets  of  PRO  as of the effective  date and the results of operations for the
period  indicated.  The  PRO Financial Statements will be prepared in accordance
with  GAAP  consistently  applied.

     (c)  Except  as  otherwise  disclosed,  since the date of the PRO Financial
Statements,  there  have  been  no  material  adverse  changes  in the financial
condition,  assets,  liabilities or business of PRO,  nor any increase  paid, or
agreed  to,  in  the  compensation,  retirement benefits or other commitments to
employees  of  PRO.

     4.7  No  Undisclosed  Liabilities.  PRO  does  not  have  any  liabilities
(absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) except (i) liabilities provided for
in  the  PRO  Financial  Statements,  (ii) liabilities  incurred in the ordinary
course of  business,  or (iii)  banking,  accounting,  legal and  printing  fees
associated  with  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement.

<PAGE>



     4.8 Litigation.  There are no claims,  actions,  suits,  investigations  or
proceedings  pending  or, to the knowledge of PRO, threatened against PRO or any
properties  or  rights  of  PRO  or  as to which  PRO has  received  any written
notice  or  assertion,  before  any  court,  arbitrator  or  administrative,
governmental  or  regulatory  authority  or  body,  domestic  or  foreign.

     4.9 Labor Matters.  There is no litigation  pending or, to the knowledge of
PRO,  threatened,  between  PRO and any of its employees. As of the date of this
Agreement,  PRO  is  not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other
labor union  contract  applicable  to persons  employed by PRO nor does PRO know
of  any  activities  or  proceedings  of  any  labor  union to organize any such
employees.  As  of  the  date  of  this  Agreement,  PRO has no knowledge of any
strikes,  slowdowns,  work stoppages or lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with
respect  to  any  employees  of  PRO.

     4.10 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement,  judgment,
injunction,  order  or  decree binding upon PRO which has or could reasonably be
expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing any business practice of
PRO,  any  acquisition  of  property  by  PRO  or the conduct of business by PRO
as  currently  conducted.

     4.11  Title  to Property.  PRO  has good and defensible title to all of its
properties and assets,  free and clear of all liens,  charges and  encumbrances;
and  all  leases pursuant to which PRO  leases from others  material  amounts of
real  or  personal  property  are in  good  standing,  valid  and  effective  in
accordance  with their  respective  terms,  and there is not,  under any of such
leases, any existing default or event of default (or any event which with notice
or  lapse  of  time,  or  both,  would  constitute  a  default).

<PAGE>

     4.12  Intangible  Assets.  PRO  has  full  rights to all patents and patent
applications  (pending or in the process of  preparation),  domestic or foreign,
patent rights, trademarks, trade names and licenses under the patents of others,
trade secrets,  secret processes and other proprietary  rights of every kind and
nature  used  by  PRO at any time or necessary for use by PRO in its business as
presently  conducted.  All  such patents, patent applications, patent rights and
licenses are valid and  effective in accordance  with their terms,  and all such
trade names,  trade secrets,  secret processes and other proprietary  rights are
valid  and  effective.  To  the  best  of  Pro's knowledge, the conduct of PRO's
business or any other actions by PRO  has not and  does  not  infringe  upon the
patents,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  or  copyrights  or  other  intellectual
property rights of any other party. PRO has not received any notice of any claim
of  infringement.

     4.13  Directors and  Officers.  PRO has delivered to GBBV or made available
via  Internet SEC filings, a complete list of the current Board of Directors and
officers  of  GBBV.

     4.14  Corporate  Record  Books.  The  corporate  record books of PRO are in
good order, complete,  accurate, up to date, with all necessary signatures,  and
set forth all  meetings  and actions set forth in all  certificates  of votes of
stockholders  or  directors  furnished  to  anyone  at  any  time.

     4.15 Lack of Disputes.  There is  currently no dispute,  pending or, to the
knowledge  of  PRO,  threatened,  anticipated  or  contemplated of any kind with
any customer, supplier, source of financing,  employee, landlord, or licensee of
PRO.

     4.16 Board  Approval.  The Board of Directors of PRO has, as of the date of
this  Agreement,  (i)  approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby,  (ii)  determined  that this Agreement is in the best  interests  of the
stockholders  of  PRO  and  is  on terms that are fair to such  stockholders and
(iii)  recommended  that  the  stockholders  of  PRO subscribe to exchange their
shares  of  Pro  Common  Stock  for  shares  of  GBBV  Common  Stock.

     4.17 Vote Required.  The  affirmative  vote of the holders of a majority of
the  outstanding  shares  of PRO Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of
any  class  or  series  of  PRO 's  capital  stock  necessary  to  approve  this
Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     4.18  Disclosures.  None  of  the  representations  or warranties by PRO in
this  Agreement and no statement  contained in any  certificate or other writing
furnished  by  PRO  in connection  herewith  contains or will contain any untrue
statement  of a  material  fact or omits or will omit to state a  material  fact
necessary  in order to make the  statements  contained  herein  or  therein  not
misleading.

     4.19  Confidentiality and Non Disclosure.  None of the parties hereto shall
disclose to any third party any information  obtained pursuant to this Agreement
or relating to any other party which is not otherwise generally available to the
public  or not  already  within  its  knowledge,  except as may be  required  by
applicable  law  or  as  expressly  agreed  by  the  parties.

     4.20  Access  to  Information.   PRO  has  provided   GBBV  and  its
representatives  (i)  full  access  to all of its  offices,  properties,  books,
records,  documents  and  personnel and furnished such information regarding PRO
as they may have requested;  and (ii) any and all relevant  documents  regarding
securities   filings,   broker  dealer  due  diligence   packages  and  offering
memorandums.

<PAGE>

      4.21  Material  Customers.  List  of  entities  with  whom  PRO has or had
material  consulting
contracts  with:

AIM  Advisors,  Inc.  (subsidiary  of  AIM  Financial,  Inc.)
Aspen Technology,  Inc.
Federated  Systems  Group,  Inc.       McKesson
Microsoft                              Tyson  Foods  America,  Inc.
University  of  Texas  Health  Science
  Center  at  Houston                  Varco, Inc.
Wal-Mart,  Inc.                        Waste  Management
Wyndham,  Inc.                         El  Paso  Corp.
OKONE,  Inc.                           ACXIOM,  Inc.
AMS,  Inc.                             Beverly  Enterprises,  Inc.
Christus  Health  Care,  Inc.          Stewart  Title,  Landata
Viewpointe  Archive  Services,  Inc.   OXY,  Inc.
EDS                                    DOW
TXI                                    Miami  Dade  County  Florida
Broward  County  Florida               Oklahoma  Department  of Health
Services
Texas  Instruments,  Inc.              Sprint
Solvay                                 Project  Assistants,  Inc.
Schlumberger                           Mary  Kay,  Inc.
InfoMAC,  Inc.                         Kellogg  Brown  and  Root,  Inc.
Halliburton,  Inc.                     Georgia  Tech  University
Clear  Channel  Communication          BMC


<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V
                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVERS

     5.1  Termination.  This  Agreement  may be  terminated at any time prior to
Closing,  whether before or after the requisite approvals of the stockholders of
GBBV  or  PRO  :

     (a) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of Directors of
PRO  and  GBBV;

     (c)  by  PRO,  upon a breach of any representation,  warranty,  covenant or
agreement  on  the part of GBBV or by GBBV, upon a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of PRO or the Stockholders; however,
if  either of the undersigned parties withdraws, is in breach of this Agreement,
or does not diligently pursue completion of the acquisition, such party shall be
responsible  to  pay  the  other party a $100,000 break up fee ("Break Up Fee").
Should  GBBV be required to pay the above stated Break Up Fee, GBBV shall either
pay  the  $100,000  in cash payment or may satisfy its obligation by issuing Pro
Squared an amount of newly issued GBBV Common Stock equal to 25% of GBBV's total
outstanding  shares,  all  at  GBBV's  discretion;  or

     (e)  by  either  PRO  or GBBV if a governmental entity shall have issued an
order,  decree  or  ruling  or taken any other  action,  in any case  having the
effect  of restraining,  enjoining  or  otherwise  prohibiting  the transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement, such that the consummation of the acquisition
appears  unlikely to be reasonably achieved within 90 days from the date hereof.
In  such  instances,  the  break  up  fee  as  set  forth above shall not apply.

     5.2 Notice of Termination;  Effect of Termination.  Any termination of this
Agreement  pursuant  to  Section  5.1  will be  effective  immediately  upon the
delivery of written notice by the terminating party to the other parties hereto.
In the event of any such  termination,  this  Agreement  shall be of no  further
force  or  effect,  except  (i) as set forth in Section 4.19, this Section  5.2,
Section  5.3  and  Article VII (General Provisions), each of which shall survive
the  termination  of this  Agreement,  and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any
party  from  liability  for  any  breach  of  this  Agreement.

     5.3  Fees and  Expenses.  Except as set forth in this Section 5.3, all fees
and expenses in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party  incurring such fees and expenses,  whether or
not  the  Closing  occurs.

     5.4  Amendment.  This  Agreement  may be amended only by an  instrument  in
writing  signed  by  all  of  the  parties.

     5.5 Waiver. Any party may (i) waive any inaccuracies in the representations
and warranties made to such party contained herein or in any document  delivered
pursuant  hereto or (ii)  waive  compliance  with or  fulfillment  of any of the
agreements or conditions  for the benefit of such party  contained  herein.  The
waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement  shall
not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach, whether or not
similar.  Any waiver must be in an instrument  in writing  signed by the waiving
party. Delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a
waiver  of  such  right.

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI
                     LEAK-OUT AGREEMENTS; PUBLIC DISCLOSURE

     6.1  Public  Disclosure.  PRO  and  GBBV  will consult with each other and,
to  the  extent  practicable,  agree  before  issuing  any  press  release  or
otherwise  making any public  statement  with respect to this  Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and will not issue any such press  release or
make any public statement prior to such consultation,  except as may be required
by  law or any listing agreement with a national  securities  exchange or OTCBB.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     7.1  Non-Survival.  The  representations  and  warranties of GBBV,  PRO and
the Stockholders  contained in this Agreement shall terminate at the Closing and
only  the  covenants  and  agreements  that  by  their terms survive the Closing
shall  survive  the  Closing.

     7.2 Notices.  All notices and other  communications  hereunder  shall be in
writing and shall be delivered or sent, with the copies indicated,  if delivered
personally,  by registered or certified mail (postage  pre-paid,  return receipt
requested),  fax  (with  confirmation  and  additional  copy  sent by  overnight
delivery  service)  or  overnight  delivery  service  (by a  reputable  national
carrier)  to the  parties  as follows  (or at such other  address as a party may
specify  by  notice  given  pursuant  to  this  Section):

                  (a)  If  to  GBBV:

               Global  Boulevard  International,  Inc.
               Attention:  James  McCabe,  Jr.
               2133  Imperial  Circle
               Naples,  Florida  34110

                  (b)  If  to  PRO  or  the  Stockholders:

               Pro  Squared,  Inc.
               Attention:  Craig  Crawford
               1770  St.  James  Place,
               Suite  115,
               Houston,  Texas  77056


     All notices shall be deemed given and received one business day after their
delivery to the addresses for the respective party, with the copies indicated as
provided  in  this  Section.

     7.3  Further  Assurances.  At any time,  and from  time to time,  after the
Closing,  each party will  execute  such  additional  instruments  and take such
additional  action as may be reasonably  requested by any other party to confirm
or perfect title to any property transferred hereunder or otherwise to carry out
and  effect  the  intent  and  purposes  of  this  Agreement.


<PAGE>

     7.4  Interpretation.  The table of contents and headings  contained in this
Agreement  are for  reference  purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning  or  interpretation  of  this  Agreement.

     7.5   Counterparts  and  by Facsimile.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed
in  one  or  more  counterparts,  all  of which shall be considered  one and the
same  agreement  and  shall  become effective when one or more counterparts have
been  signed  by  each  of  the parties and delivered to the other  parties,  it
being  understood  that  all  parties  need  not  sign  the  same  counterpart.

     7.6 Entire  Agreement;  Third Party  Beneficiaries.  This Agreement and the
documents  and  instruments  and other  agreements  among the parties  hereto as
contemplated by or referred to herein (a) constitute the entire  agreement among
the parties with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and  supersede all prior
agreements  and  understandings,  both written and oral,  among the parties with
respect to the subject  matter  hereof;  and (b) are not intended to confer upon
any  other  person  any  rights  or  remedies  hereunder.

     7.7 Severability.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement or the
application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal,  void or  unenforceable,  the  remainder of this  Agreement  will
continue in full force and effect and the application of such provision to other
persons or  circumstances  will be  interpreted  so as  reasonably to effect the
intent of the parties hereto.  The parties further agree to replace such void or
unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision
that will achieve,  to the extent  possible,  the  economic,  business and other
purposes  of  such  void  or  unenforceable  provision.

     7.8 Other  Remedies;  Specific  Performance.  Except as otherwise  provided
herein,  any and all remedies  herein  expressly  conferred upon a party will be
deemed  cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred  hereby,
or by law or equity  upon such  party,  and the  exercise  by a party of any one
remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other  remedy.  The parties  hereto
agree  that  irreparable  damage  would  occur  in  the  event  that  any of the
provisions  of this  Agreement  were not  performed  in  accordance  with  their
specific terms or were  otherwise  breached.  It is accordingly  agreed that the
parties  shall be  entitled  to seek an  injunction  or  injunctions  to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce  specifically the terms and provisions
hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction,  this
being in  addition to any other  remedy to which they are  entitled at law or in
equity.

     7.9  Governing  Law. This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in
accordance  with the laws of the State of  Texas,  regardless  of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof.



<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
executed  as  of  the  date  first  written  above.

                               GLOBAL  BOULEVARD  INTERNATIONAL,  INC.

                               By:   /s/ James McCabe
                                     _______________________________________

                                   Name:  James  McCabe,  Jr.
                                   Title:   President

                               PRO  SQUARED,  INC.


                               By:      /s/ Craig Crawford
                                    ______________________________________

                                    Name:  Craig  Crawford
                                    Title:    President




SEE ADDITRIONAL SIGNATURE  PAGE  TO  AGREEMENT  AND  PLAN  OF  REORGANIZATION
AMONG GBBV,  PRO AND  THE  SHAREHOLDERS  OF PRO

<PAGE>


IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  executed  this  agreement.

Pro Squared, Inc. SHAREHOLDERS:


SCHEDULE  A


Pro  Squared  Shareholders                    Number  of  Shares  Owned



SCHEDULE  B


Options  /  Warrants  outstanding  to  purchase  shares  of  GBBV:




NONE
<PAGE>


SCHEDULE  C


Designation  of  Class  A  Preferred  Stock

                  CERTIFICATE  OF  DESIGNATION  AND  PREFERENCES  OF
                     CLASS  A  CONVERTIBLE  PREFERRED  STOCK  OF
                      GLOBAL  BOULEVARD  INTERNATIONAL,  INC.

It  is  hereby  certified  that:


     1.  The  name  of the corporation (hereinafter called the "corporation") is
Global  Boulevard  International,  Inc.

     2.  The  certificate  of  incorporation  of the corporation authorizes that
issuance  of 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share, and
expressly  vests  in  the  Board  of  Directors of the corporation the authority
provided therein to issue any or all of said shares in one or more series and by
resolution  or  resolutions,  the  designation,  number,  full or limited voting
powers,  or  other  denial  of  voting  powers,  preferences  and  relative,
participating,  optional,  and  other  special  rights  and  the qualifications,
limitations,  restrictions,  and  other  distinguishing  characteristics of each
series  to  be  issued.

     3.  The  Board  of  Directors of the corporation, pursuant to the authority
expressly  vested  in  it  as  aforesaid,  has adopted the following resolutions
creating  a  Class  A  Convertible  issue  of  Preferred  Stock:

     RESOLVED  that  pursuant  to the authority expressly vested in the Board of
Directors  of  the  Company  by  the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the
Board  of  Directors hereby authorizes, out of the Company's 5,000,000 shares of
authorized  preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, the designation of up to
2,500,000  shares  of  Class  A  Convertible Preferred Stock ("Class A Preferred
Stock"),  $.001  par  value, and hereby determines that the preferences, rights,
powers,  limitations, qualifications and restrictions be in the form as attached
hereto  as  Exhibit  A;  and

     RESOLVED  that  a  Certificate of Designation reflecting the designation of
the  Company's  Class  A Preferred Stock be filed with the Secretary of State of
the  State  of  Nevada;  and

     4.  FURTHER  RESOLVED,  that  the  statements  contained  in  the foregoing
resolutions  creating  and designating the said Class A issue of Preferred Stock
and  fixing  the  number,  powers,  preferences  and  relative,  optional,
participating,  and  other  special  rights and the qualifications, limitations,
restrictions,  and oilier distinguishing characteristics thereof shall, upon the
effective  date  of said class, be deemed to be included in and be a part of the
certificate  of  incorporation  of  the  corporation
.
                              _________________________
                              Name:  James  McCabe
                              Title:   President

<PAGE>

CERTIFICATE  OF  DESIGNATIONS  OF
CLASS  A  CONVERTIBLE  PREFERRED  STOCK,
PAR  VALUE  $0.001  PER  SHARE


Pursuant  to  Section  78.1955  of  the  Nevada  Revised  Statutes


IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that:

       1. The name of the  company  (hereinafter  called the  "CORPORATION")  is
Global Boulevard International, Inc., a corporation organized and now existing
under the Nevada Revised Statutes.

       2. The Articles of  Incorporation  of the  Corporation  (the "ARTICLES OF
INCORPORATION")  authorizes the issuance of Five Million  (5,000,000)  shares of
preferred  stock,  par value  $0.001  per share  (the  "PREFERRED  STOCK"),  and
expressly  vests in the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  the authority to
issue any or all of said shares by  resolution or  resolutions  and to establish
the designation and number of shares to be issued.

       3. The Board of Directors of the  Corporation,  pursuant to the authority
expressly  vested in it as aforesaid,  and pursuant to the provisions of Section
78.1955 of the Nevada  Revised  Statutes,  has adopted the  resolution set forth
below to create a series of Preferred Stock.  Pursuant to Section  78.1955,  the
approval of the Corporation's shareholders was not required.

       RESOLVED,  THAT 2,500,000 shares of the Five Million  (5,000,000) shares
of Preferred Stock of the Corporation which are  authorized  shares  as of the
date of this  certificate  shall  hereby  be designated Class A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "CERTIFICATE"), and shall
possess the rights and preferences set forth below:

1.        DIVIDENDS.

The holders of the  Preferred stock shall be entitled, when and if declared by
the board of directors of the corporation (the "BOARD OF DIRECTORS"),  to cash
dividends and  distributions out of funds of the corporation legally available
for that purpose  (collectively,  "DISTRIBUTIONS") PRO RATA and PARI PASSU with
the holders of the Corporation's  common stock, par value   $0.001   per  share
(the   "COMMON   STOCK")   such  that, the   Distributions   payable  on  each
issued  and outstanding   share of the Preferred Stock shall be equal to the
amount paid on each issued and outstanding share of the Common Stock, and all
Distributions shall be declared, paid and set aside ratably on the foregoing
basis among the holders of the Preferred Stock and the holders of the Common
Stock in proportion to the issued and outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock
and the Common Stock held by them; provided however that Distributions shall be
issued to the Preferred Stock holders on an as if converted basis of the
Preferred Stock to Common Stock.

2.       VOTING.

       (a) The holders of the Preferred Stock shall each be entitled to vote the
number of votes  AS IF CONVERTED INTO COMMON STOCK equal to 59.38% of the
Common  Stock into which such shares are to be converted  pursuant to this
Section 4 of this Certificate. Except as expressly set forth in this Section 2
of this Certificate,  any matter as to which the holders of Common Stock are
entitled to vote shall  require the affirmative  vote of the  holders  of a
majority  of the issued and  outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as
one class.

       (b) The  affirmative  vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding  shares of the Preferred Stock voting as a separate class,  shall be
required to change the powers,  preferences  or special  rights of the shares of
the Preferred Stock in relation to the shares of the Common Stock.


3.       LIQUIDATION.

       (a) Upon the  occurrence  of a  Liquidating  Event (as  defined  below in
Section 3(c) of this Certificate), whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Preferred  Stock and the Common Stock of all classes shall be entitled to
receive, PRO RATA and PARI PASSU out of the assets of the Corporation  available
for  distribution  to its  stockholders  or from the net  proceeds  from a sale,
lease,  exchange or other  disposition of the assets of the  Corporation (in any
such case, the  "PROCEEDS"),  as applicable,  as follows:  the entire assets and
funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed
ratably among the holders of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock such that,
the Proceeds distributed on account of each issued and outstanding share of the
Preferred Stock shall be equal to the amount distributed on account of each
issued and outstanding share of the Common Stock in proportion to the issued and
outstanding  shares of the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock held by them.

       (b) VALUATION.  If any asset  distributed to holders of the Corporation's
Common Stock upon the occurrence of any  Liquidating  Event consists of property
other than cash or securities, the value of such distribution shall be deemed to
be the fair market value thereof at the time of such distribution, as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors.

       (c)  LIQUIDATING  EVENT.  Any of the  following  shall  be  considered  a
"LIQUIDATING EVENT" and shall entitle the holders of the Preferred Stock and the
Common Stock to receive promptly, in cash,  securities or other property,  those
amounts specified in Section 3(a) of this Certificate and valued as provided in
Section 3(b) of this Certificate:

              (i) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation;
or

              (ii) any sale,  lease, exchange or other  disposition  of  all  or
substantially all the Corporation's assets.


       4. CONVERSION OF SHARES OF THE PREFERRED  STOCK.  Shares of the Preferred
Stock shall convert into shares of the Common Stock on the basis set  forth  in,
and  subject  to the  limitations  of,  this  Section 4 of this Certificate:

       (a)    CONVERSION RATIO.

           (i) Conversion Date. The Class A preferred shares shall not be
converted at any time prior to the second anniversary of the date of issuance of
such Class A preferred shares (the "Conversion Date").

              (ii)  Subject  to and in  compliance  with the  provisions  of
this Section  4, each one (1) share of the  Preferred  Stock  shall be converted
into X NUMBER of fully paid and  nonassessable  shares  of the Common Stock so
that the aggregate number of Class A preferred shares shall, when converted,
equal 59.38% of the total number of shares of GBBV Common Stock outstanding on
the conversion date (the  "PREFERRED CONVERSION RATIO"), on a pro rata basis.

              (iii)  SUBDIVISION  OR  COMBINATION  OF THE  COMMON  STOCK.  If
the  Corporation  at any time or from time to time  shall  declare  or pay any
dividend  on the  shares of the  Common  Stock  payable  in shares of the Common
Stock or in any right to acquire  shares of the Common  Stock,  or shall effect
a subdivision of the outstanding  shares of the Common Stock into a greater
number of shares of the shares of any class of the Common Stock  (by  stock
split,  reclassification  or  otherwise), or if the outstanding shares of the
Common Stock shall be combined or  consolidated,  by  reclassification  or
otherwise, into a lesser  number  of  shares of the  Common  Stock,  then the
Preferred  Conversion  Ratio in effect  immediately  prior to such  event shall,
concurrently with the effectiveness of such event, be proportionately decreased
or increased, as appropriate,  such that each share of the Preferred  Stock is
converted  into those shares of the Common Stock that represent the economic
equivalent of the shares of the Common Stock into which each share of the
Preferred Stock  was  convertible   immediately   prior  to  such  dividend,
subdivision, combination or reclassification.

5.   CONVERSION PROCEDURE.

In order for any holder of Class A Preferred Stock to convert the same into
shares of Common Stock, such holder shall execute the Conversion Election on the
reverse side of the certificate evidencing the Class A Preferred Stock being
converted and delivering such certificate to the Corporation at its principal
office, setting forth in the Conversion Election the name or names in which the
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued. The
Conversion Election shall be deemed to be effective upon receipt by the
Corporation. If the Conversion Election is received by the Corporation after
3:00 p.m. Eastern Time on any day, it shall be deemed to be received the next
following business day. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable, but not
later than five business days after the date of receipt of the Conversion
Election, issue and deliver to the location designated by such holder, the
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
such holder shall be entitled as a result of such conversion. The person or
persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
such shares of Common Stock as of the effective date of such conversion. The
Corporation  shall deliver to the converting holder:

                     (A) a certificate or certificates  representing  the number
              of  shares  of  the  Common  Stock  issuable  by  reason  of  such
              conversion consistent with Section 4 of this Certificate; and

                     (B) if a holder has  requested  conversion,  a  certificate
              representing   any  shares  of  the  Preferred  Stock  which  were
              represented by the  certificate or  certificates  delivered to the
              Corporation in connection  with such conversion but which have not
              converted.

The issuance of certificates  for shares of the Common Stock  upon  conversion
of  shares  of  the  Preferred  Stock  pursuant  to the  foregoing clause (ii)
shall be made without charge to the holders of such shares of the Preferred
Stock for any issuance tax in respect thereof (so  long as such  certificates
are issued in the name of the record holder of  such  shares  of the  Preferred
Stock)  or other  cost  incurred  by the  Corporation in connection with such
conversion and the related  issuance of shares of the  Common  Stock.  Upon
conversion  of each  share of the   Preferred  Stock,  the  Corporation  shall
take all such  actions as are necessary in order to ensure that the shares of
the Common Stock issuable  with respect to such conversion  shall be validly
issued,  fully paid and   nonassessable, free and clear of all taxes (other than
any taxes relating to  any  dividends  paid  with  respect  thereto),   liens,
charges  and encumbrances with respect to the issuance thereof.

        RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK. The Corporation shall, at all times when
shares of the Preferred Stock shall be  outstanding,  reserve and keep available
out of its  authorized  but unissued  stock,  for the purpose of  effecting  the
conversion of shares of the Preferred Stock,  such number of its duly authorized
shares of the Common  Stock as shall from time to time be  sufficient  to effect
the conversion of all outstanding  shares of the Preferred Stock.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this
Certificate of Designations and Preferences as the act and deed of the
corporation referenced above.


                                    _____________________________
                                             Name: James McCabe
                                             Title: President





<PAGE>


SCHEDULE  D  -  EMPLOYEE/CONSULTANT  2003  STOCK  OPTION  PLAN



              GLOBAL BOULEVARD INTERNATIONAL, INC. (THE "COMPANY")
                        2003 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                   ARTICLE 1.

                        PURPOSE AND ADOPTION OF THE PLAN

1.1.  PURPOSE.  The  purpose  of  the  Global Boulevard International, Inc. 2003
Employee  Stock Option Plan (hereinafter referred to as the "Plan") is to assist
in  attracting  and  retaining  highly  competent  key  employees,  non-employee
directors  and consultants and to act as an incentive in motivating selected key
employees,  non-employee  directors  and  consultants  of  the  Company  and its
Subsidiaries  (as  defined  below)  to  achieve  long-term corporate objectives.

1.2.  ADOPTION  AND  TERM.  The Plan has been approved by the Board of Directors
(hereinafter  referred  to as the "Board") of the Company and by the majority of
its  shareholders,  to  be  effective  as of March  ____, 2003 (the "Effective
Date"). The Plan shall remain in effect until terminated by action of the Board;
provided,  however,  that  no  Incentive  Stock Option (as defined below) may be
granted  hereunder  after  the  tenth  anniversary  of  the  Effective  Date.

                                   ARTICLE II.

                                   DEFINITIONS

For  the  purposes  of  this  Plan,  capitalized  terms shall have the following
meanings:

         2.1. AWARD means any grant to a Participant of one or a combination of
Non-Qualified Stock Options or Incentive Stock Options described in Article VI.

         2.2. AWARD AGREEMENT means a written agreement between the Company and
a Participant or a written notice from the Company to a Participant specifically
setting forth the terms and conditions of an Award granted under the Plan.

         2.3. AWARD PERIOD means, with respect to an Award, the period of time
set forth in the Award Agreement during which specified target performance goals
must be achieved or other conditions set forth in the Award Agreement must be
satisfied.

         2.4. BENEFICIARY means an individual, trust or estate who or which, by
a written designation of the Participant filed with the Company or by operation
of law, succeeds to the rights and obligations of the Participant under the Plan
and an Award Agreement upon the Participant's death.

         2.5. BOARD means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                                       1



<PAGE>


         2.6. CHANGE IN CONTROL means, and shall be deemed to have occurred upon
the occurrence of, any one of the following events:

                  (a) The acquisition in one or more transactions by any
individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2)
of the Exchange Act) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of
Rule l3d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of shares or other securities (as
defined in Section 3(a)(10) of the Exchange Act) representing 30% or more of
either (i) the Outstanding Common Stock or (ii) the Company Voting Securities;
provided, however, that a Change in Control as defined in this clause (a) shall
not be deemed to occur in connection with any acquisition by the Company, an
employee benefit plan of the Company or any Person who immediately prior to the
Effective Date is a holder of Outstanding Common Stock or Company Voting
Securities (a "Current Stockholder") so long as such acquisition does not result
in any Person other than the Company, such employee benefit plan or such Current
Stockholder beneficially owning shares or securities representing 30% or more of
either the Outstanding Common Stock or Company Voting Securities; or

                  (b) Any election has occurred of persons as directors of the
Company that replaces all of the board members that are members of the board of
directors as of the Effective Date; or

                  (c) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a
reorganization, merger, consolidation or similar transaction (a "Reorganization
Transaction"), in each case, unless, immediately following such Reorganization
Transaction, more than 50% of, respectively, the outstanding shares of common
stock (or similar equity security) of the corporation or other entity resulting
from or surviving such Reorganization Transaction and the combined voting power
of the securities of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, is then beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by the individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial
owners of the Outstanding Common Stock and the Company Voting Securities
immediately prior to such Reorganization Transaction in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of the Outstanding Common Stock and Company
Voting Securities immediately prior to such Reorganization Transaction; or

                                       2



<PAGE>


                  (d) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of (i) a
complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (ii) the sale or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a
corporation or other entity, unless, with respect to such corporation or other
entity, immediately following such sale or other disposition more than 50% of,
respectively, the outstanding shares of common stock (or similar equity
security) of such corporation or other entity and the combined voting power of
the securities of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly,
by the individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial owners of the
Outstanding Common Stock and the Company Voting Securities immediately prior to
such sale or disposition in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of the Outstanding Common Stock and Company Voting Securities
immediately prior to such sale or disposition.

         2.7 CODE means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
References to a section of the Code include that section and any comparable
section or sections of any future legislation that amends, supplements or
supersedes said section.

         2.8 COMMITTEE means the committee established in accordance with
Section 3.1.

         2.9. COMPANY means Global Boulevard International, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, and its successors.

         2.10 COMMON STOCK means Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.001
per share.

         2.11. COMPANY VOTING SECURITIES means the combined voting power of all
outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors of the Company.

         2.12. DATE OF GRANT means the date designated by the Committee as the
date as of which it grants an Award, which shall not be earlier than the date on
which the Committee approves the granting of such Award.

         2.13. EFFECTIVE DATE shall have the meaning given to such term in
Section 1.2.

         2.14. EXCHANGE ACT means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         2.15. FAIR MARKET VALUE means, as of any applicable date: (i) if the
Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or is authorized for
quotation on The Nasdaq National Market System ("NMS") or "BBX", the closing
price,
regular way, of the Common Stock on such exchange or NMS, as the case may be, on
such date or if no sale of the Common Stock shall have occurred on such date, on
the next preceding date on which there was such a reported sale; or (ii) if the
Common Stock is not listed for trading on a national securities exchange or
authorized for quotation on NMS, the closing bid price as reported by The Nasdaq
SmallCap Market on such date, or if no such price shall have been reported for
such date, on the next preceding date for which such price was so reported; or
(iii) if the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a national securities
exchange or authorized for quotation on NMS or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market (if
applicable), the last reported bid price published in the "pink sheets" or
displayed on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD")
Electronic Bulletin Board, as the case may be; or (iv) if the Common Stock is
not listed for trading on a national securities exchange, is not authorized for
quotation on NMS or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market and is not published in the "pink
sheets" or displayed on the NASD Electronic Bulletin Board, the fair market
value of the Common Stock as determined in good faith by the Committee.

                                       3



<PAGE>


         2.16 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION means a stock option within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Code.

         2.17. MERGER means any merger, reorganization, consolidation, share
exchange, transfer of assets or other transaction having similar effect
involving the Company.

         2.18. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR means a member of the Board who (i) is not
currently an officer or otherwise employed by the Company or a parent or a
subsidiary of the Company, (ii) does not receive compensation directly or
indirectly from the Company or a parent or a subsidiary of the Company for
services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a director,
except for an amount for which disclosure would not be required pursuant to Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K, (iii) does not possess an interest in any other
transaction for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K, and (iv) is not engaged in a business relationship for which
disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K.

         2.19. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR OPTION means a stock option granted to a
Non-Employee Director in accordance with Section 6.1 (a).

         2.20. NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION means a stock option which is not an
Incentive Stock Option.

         2.21. OPTIONS means all Non-Qualified Stock Options and Incentive Stock
Options granted at any time under the Plan.

         2.22. OUTSTANDING COMMON STOCK means, at any time, the issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock.

         2.23. PARTICIPANT means a person designated to receive an Award under
the Plan in accordance with Section 5.1.

         2.24. PLAN means the 2003 Employee Stock Option Plan as described
herein, as the same may be amended from time to time.

         2.25 PURCHASE PRICE, with respect to Options, shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.1(b).

         2.26. RETIREMENT means early or normal retirement under a pension plan
or arrangement of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries in which the
Participant participates.

                                       4



<PAGE>


         2.27. SUBSIDIARY means a subsidiary of the Company within the meaning
of Section 424(f) of the Code.

         2.28. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT means the voluntary or involuntary
termination of a Participant's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary for
any reason, including death, disability, retirement or as the result of the
divestiture of the Participant's employer or any similar transaction in which
the Participant's employer ceases to be the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.
Whether entering military or other government service shall constitute
Termination of Employment, or whether a Termination of Employment shall occur as
a result of disability, shall be determined in each case by the Committee in its
sole discretion. In the case of a consultant who is not an employee of the
Company or a Subsidiary, Termination of Employment shall mean voluntary or
involuntary termination of the consulting relationship for any reason. In the
case of a Non-Employee Director, Termination of Employment shall mean voluntary
or involuntary termination, non-election, removal or other act which results in
such Non-Employee Director no longer serving in such capacity.

                                  ARTICLE III.

                                 ADMINISTRATION

         3.1. COMMITTEE. The Plan shall be administered by a committee of the
Board (the "Committee") comprised of at least one person. The Committee shall
have exclusive and final authority in each determination, interpretation or
other action affecting the Plan and its Participants. The Committee shall have
the sole discretionary authority to interpret the Plan, to establish and modify
administrative rules for the Plan, to impose such conditions and restrictions on
Awards as it determines appropriate, and to take such steps in connection with
the Plan and Awards granted hereunder as it may deem necessary or advisable. The
Committee may, subject to compliance with applicable legal requirements, with
respect to Participants who are not subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act, delegate such of its powers and authority under the Plan as it deems
appropriate to designated officers or employees of the Company. In addition, the
Board may exercise any of the authority conferred upon the Committee hereunder.
In the event of any such delegation of authority or exercise of authority by the
Board, references in the Plan to the Committee shall be deemed to refer to the
delegate of the Committee or the Board, as the case may be.

                                       5




<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE IV.

                                     SHARES

         4.1. NUMBER OF SHARES ISSUABLE. The total number of shares initially
authorized to be issued only upon exercise of Options issued under the Plan
shall be 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock (on a post reverse-split basis of
1:2.5 intended to be effective in March 2003) of which Options to purchase up to
1,000,000 shares on a post reverse-split basis of 1:2.5 intended to be effective
in March 2003)may be granted prior to March __, 2004. The number of shares
available for issuance upon exercise of Options shall be subject to adjustment
in accordance with Section 7.7. For the first twelve months from March __, 2003,
issuances pursuant to this 2003 Employee Stock Option Plan shall be limited to
Options which may be exercised with cash but not by using money presently owed
by Company prior to March __, 2003.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                  PARTICIPATION

         5.1. ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS. Participants in the Plan shall be such key
employees, consultants, and non-employee directors of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, whether or not members of the Board, as the Committee, in its sole
discretion, may designate from time to time. The Committee's designation of a
Participant in any year shall not require the Committee to designate such person
to receive Awards in any other year. The designation of a Participant to receive
an Award under one portion of the Plan does not require the Committee to include
such Participant under other portions of the Plan. The Committee shall consider
such factors as it deems pertinent in selecting Participants and in determining
the types and amounts of their respective Awards.

                                   ARTICLE VI.

                                  STOCK OPTIONS

         6.1. OPTION AWARDS.

                  (a) GRANT OF OPTIONS. The Committee may grant, to such
Participants as the Committee may select, Options entitling the Participants to
purchase shares of Common Stock from the Company in such numbers, at such
prices, and on such terms and subject to such conditions, not inconsistent with
the terms of the Plan, as may be established by the Committee. The terms of any
Option granted under the Plan shall be set forth in an Award Agreement. Except
as provided in Sections 6.3(c), 6.3(e) or 6.5, Non-Employee Director Options
may  be immediately exercisable, in whole or in part, and shall
remain exercisable until the first anniversary of the Date of Grant.

                  (b) PURCHASE PRICE OF OPTIONS. The Purchase Price of each
share of Common Stock which may be purchased upon exercise of any Option granted
under the Plan shall be determined by the Committee; however, Options issued
during
the first twelve months from March ___, 2003 shall have a minimum exercise price
                                                          -------
of $0.25 (twenty five cents) per share.

                                       6



<PAGE>


                  (c) DESIGNATION OF OPTIONS. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in the Plan, the Committee may designate, at the time of the grant of
an Option, such Option as an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock
Option; provided, however, that an Option may be designated as an Incentive
Stock Option only if the applicable Participant is an employee of the Company or
a Subsidiary on the Date of Grant.

                  (d) INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION SHARE LIMITATION. No Participant
may be granted Incentive Stock Options under the Plan (or any other plans of the
Company and its Subsidiaries) that would result in Incentive Stock Options to
purchase shares of Common Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured on
the Date of Grant) in excess of that required by current law in any one calendar
year.

                  (e) RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER. A Participant or a transferee of
an Option pursuant to Section 7.4 shall have no rights as a stockholder with
respect to the shares of Common Stock covered by an Option until that
Participant or transferee shall have become the holder of record of any such
shares, and no adjustment shall be made with respect to any such shares of
Common Stock for dividends in cash or other property or distributions of other
rights on the Common Stock for which the record date is prior to the date on
which that Participant or transferee shall have become the holder of record of
any shares covered by such Option; provided, however, that Participants are
entitled to share adjustments to reflect capital changes under Section 7.7.

         6.2. INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.

         6.3. TERMS OF STOCK OPTIONS.

                  (a) CONDITIONS ON EXERCISE. An Award Agreement with respect to
Options may contain such waiting periods, exercise dates and restrictions on
exercise (including, but not limited to, periodic installments) as may be
determined by the Committee at the time of grant and subject to this Article VI.

                  (b) DURATION OF OPTIONS. Options shall terminate after the
first to occur of the following events:

                           (i) Expiration of the Option as provided in the
related Award Agreement; or

                           (ii) Termination of the Award as provided in Section
6.3(e), following the applicable Participant's Termination of Employment; or

                           (iii) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, ten
year from the Date of Grant; or

                                       7



<PAGE>


                  (c) ACCELERATION OF EXERCISE TIME. The Committee, in its sole
discretion, shall have the right (but shall not in any case be obligated),
exercisable at any time after the Date of Grant, to permit the exercise of any
Option prior to the time such Option would otherwise become exercisable under
the terms of the related Award Agreement.

                  (d) EXTENSION OF EXERCISE TIME. In addition to the extensions
permitted under Section 6.3(e) in the event of Termination of Employment, the
Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the right (but shall not in any
case be obligated), exercisable on or at any time after the Date of Grant, to
permit the exercise of any Option after its expiration date described in Section
6.3(e), subject, however, to the limitations described in Sections 6.3(b)(i),
(iii) and (iv).

                  (e) EXERCISE OF OPTIONS UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

                           (i) TERMINATION OF VESTED OPTIONS UPON TERMINATION OF
EMPLOYMENT.

                                    (a) TERMINATION. In the event of Termination
of Employment of a Participant other than by reason of death, disability or
Retirement, the right of the Participant to exercise any Option shall terminate
unless exercised within a period of three months from the date on which the
Employee ceased to be so employed, unless the exercise period is extended by the
Committee in accordance with Section 6.3(d).

                                    (b) DISABILITY OR RETIREMENT. In the event
of a Participant's Termination of Employment by reason of disability or
Retirement, the right of the Participant to exercise any Option which he or she
was entitled to exercise upon Termination of Employment (or which became
exercisable at a later date pursuant to Section 6.3(e)(ii) shall terminate one
year after the date of such Termination of Employment, unless the exercise
period is extended by the Committee in accordance with Section 6.3(d). In no
event, however, may any Option be exercised later than the date of expiration of
the Option determined pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(i), (iii) or (iv).

                                    (c) DEATH. In the event of the death of a
Participant while employed by the Company or a Subsidiary or within any
additional period of time from the date of the Participant's Termination of
Employment and prior to the expiration of any Option as provided pursuant to
Section 6.3(e)(i)(B) or Section 6.3(d) above, to the extent the right to
exercise the Option was accrued as of the date of such Termination of Employment
and had not expired during such additional period, the right of the
Participant's Beneficiary to exercise the Option shall terminate one year after
the date of the Participant's death (but in no event more than one year from the
date of the Participant's Termination of Employment by reason of disability or
Retirement), unless the exercise period is extended by the Committee in
accordance with Section 6.3(d). In no event, however, may any Option be
exercised later than the date of expiration of the Option determined pursuant to
Section 6.3(b)(i), (iii) or (iv).

                                       8



<PAGE>


                           (ii) TERMINATION OF UNVESTED OPTIONS UPON TERMINATION
OF EMPLOYMENT. Subject to Section 6.3(c), to the extent the right to exercise an
Option, or any portion thereof, has not accrued as of the date of Termination of
Employment, such right shall expire at the date of such Termination of
Employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion
and under such terms as it deems appropriate, may permit, for a Participant who
terminates employment by reason of Retirement and who will continue to render
significant services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries after his or her
Termination of Employment, the continued vesting of his or her Options during
the period in which that individual continues to render such services.

         6.4. EXERCISE PROCEDURES. Each Option granted under the Plan shall be
exercised by written notice to the Company which must be received by the officer
or employee of the Company designated in the Award Agreement at or before the
close of business on the expiration date of the Award. The Purchase Price of
shares purchased upon exercise of an option granted under the Plan shall be paid
in full in cash by the Participant pursuant to the Award Agreement; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the Committee may (but shall not be required to) permit payment to
be made by delivery to the Company of either (a) shares of Common Stock (which
may include shares issuable in connection with the exercise of the Option,
subject to such rules as the Committee deems appropriate) or (b) any combination
of cash and Common Stock or (c) such other consideration as the Committee deems
appropriate and in compliance with applicable law (including payment in
accordance with a cashless exercise program under which, if so instructed by a
Participant, shares of Common Stock may be issued directly to the Participant's
broker or dealer upon receipt of an irrevocable written notice of exercise from
the Participant). In the event that any shares of Common Stock shall be
transferred to the Company to satisfy all or any part of the Purchase Price, the
part of the Purchase Price deemed to have been satisfied by such transfer of
shares of Common Stock shall be equal to the product derived by multiplying the
Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise times the number of shares of
Common Stock transferred to the Company. The Participant may not transfer to the
Company in satisfaction of the Purchase Price any fractional share of Common
Stock. Any part of the Purchase Price paid in cash upon the exercise of any
Option shall be added to the general funds of the Company and may be used for
any proper corporate purpose. Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine,
any shares of Common Stock transferred to the Company as payment of all or part
of the Purchase Price upon the exercise of any Option shall be held as treasury
shares.

         6.5. CHANGE IN CONTROL. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in
the applicable Award Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control, all Options
outstanding on the date of such Change in Control shall become immediately and
fully exercisable. The provisions of this Section 6.5 shall not be applicable to
any Options granted to a Participant if any Change in Control results from such
Participant's beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule l3d-3 under the
Exchange Act) of Common Stock or Company Voting Securities.

                                       9



<PAGE>


                                  ARTICLE VII.

              TERMS APPLICABLE TO ALL AWARDS GRANTED UNDER THE PLAN

         7.1. PLAN PROVISIONS CONTROL AWARD TERMS. The terms of the Plan shall
govern all Awards granted under the Plan, and in no event shall the Committee
have the power to grant any Award under the Plan the terms of which are contrary
to any of the provisions of the Plan. In the event any provision of any Award
granted under the Plan shall conflict with any term in the Plan as constituted
on the Date of Grant of such Award, the term in the Plan as constituted on the
Date of Grant of such Award shall control. Except as provided in Section 7.3 and
Section 7.7, the terms of any Award granted under the Plan may not be changed
after the Date of Grant of such Award so as to materially decrease the value of
the Award without the express written approval of the holder.

         7.2. AWARD AGREEMENT. No person shall have any rights under any Award
granted under the Plan unless and until the Company and the Participant to whom
such Award shall have been granted shall have executed and delivered an Award
Agreement or the Participant shall have received and acknowledged notice of the
Award authorized by the Committee expressly granting the Award to such person
and containing provisions setting forth the terms of the Award.

         7.3. MODIFICATION OF AWARD AFTER GRANT. No Award granted under the Plan
to a Participant may be modified (unless such modification does not materially
decrease the value of that Award) after its Date of Grant except by express
written agreement between the Company and such Participant, provided that any
such change (a) may not be inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, and (b)
shall be approved by the Committee.

         7.4. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER. A Participant's rights and interest under
the Plan may not be assigned or transferred other than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution and, during the lifetime of a Participant, only the
Participant personally (or the Participant's personal representative) may
exercise rights under the Plan. The Participant's Beneficiary may exercise the
Participant's rights to the extent they are exercisable under the Plan following
the death of the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may
grant Non-Qualified Stock Options that are transferable, without payment of
consideration, to immediate family members of the Participant or to trusts or
partnerships for such family members, and the Committee may also amend
outstanding Non-Qualified Stock Options to provide for such transferability.

         7.5. TAXES. The Company shall be entitled, if the Committee deems it
necessary or desirable, to withhold (or secure payment from the Participant in
lieu of withholding) the amount of any withholding or other tax required by law
to be withheld or paid by the Company with respect to any amount payable and/or
shares issuable under such Participant's Award or with respect to any income
recognized upon a disqualifying disposition of shares received pursuant to the
exercise of an Incentive Stock Option, and the Company may defer payment of cash
or issuance of shares upon exercise or vesting of an Award unless indemnified to
its satisfaction against any liability for any such tax. The amount of such
withholding or tax payment shall be determined by the Committee and shall be
payable by the Participant at such time as the Committee determines in
accordance with the following rules:

                                       10



<PAGE>


                  (a) The Participant shall have the right to elect to meet his
or her withholding requirement (i) by having withheld from such Award at the
appropriate time that number of shares of Common Stock, rounded up to the next
whole share, the Fair Market Value of which is equal to the amount of
withholding taxes due, (ii) by direct payment to the Company in cash of the
amount of any taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Award or (iii)
by a combination of withholding such shares and paying cash.

                  (b) The Committee shall have the discretion as to any Award to
cause the Company to pay to tax authorities for the benefit of the applicable
Participant, or to reimburse such Participant for, the individual taxes which
are due on the grant, exercise or vesting of any Award or the lapse of any
restriction on any Award (whether by reason of such Participant's filing of an
election under Section 83(b) of the Code or otherwise), including, but not
limited to, Federal income tax, state income tax, local income tax and excise
tax under Section 4999 of the Code, as well as for any such taxes as may be
imposed upon such tax payment or reimbursement.

                  (c) In the case of Participants who are subject to Section 16
of the Exchange Act, the Committee may impose such limitations and restrictions
as it deems necessary or appropriate with respect to the delivery or withholding
of shares of Common Stock to meet tax withholding obligations.

         7.6. SURRENDER OF AWARDS. Any Award granted under the Plan may be
surrendered to the Company for cancellation on such terms as the Committee and
the Participant approve.

         7.7 ADJUSTMENTS TO REFLECT CAPITAL CHANGES.

                  (a) RECAPITALIZATION. The number and kind of shares subject to
outstanding Awards, the Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares available
for Awards subsequently granted under the Plan and the maximum number of shares
in respect of which Awards can be made to any Participant in any calendar year
shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock dividend, stock split,
combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other change in
capitalization with a similar substantive effect upon the Plan or the Awards
granted under the Plan; provided however that this Section 7.7(a) is intended to
apply only after a reverse-split on a basis of 1:2.5, intended to be effective
in March 2003. The Committee shall have the power and sole discretion to
determine the amount of the adjustment to be made in each case.

                  (b) MERGER. After any Merger in which the Company is the
surviving corporation, each Participant shall, at no additional cost, be
entitled upon any exercise of an Option or receipt of any other Award to receive
(subject to any required action by stockholders), in lieu of the number of
shares of Common Stock receivable or exercisable pursuant to such Award prior to
such Merger, the number and class of shares or other securities to which such
Participant would have been entitled pursuant to the terms of the Merger if, at
the time of the Merger, such Participant had been the holder of record of a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
receivable or exercisable pursuant to such Award. Comparable rights shall accrue
to each Participant in the event of successive Mergers of the character
described above. In the event of a Merger in which the Company is not the
surviving corporation, the surviving, continuing, successor or purchasing
corporation, as the case may be (the "Acquiring Corporation"), will either
assume

                                       11



<PAGE>


the Company's rights and obligations under outstanding Award Agreements or
substitute awards in respect of the Acquiring Corporation's stock for
outstanding Awards, provided, however, that if the Acquiring Corporation does
not assume or substitute for such outstanding Awards, the Board shall provide
prior to the Merger that any unexercisable and/or unvested portion of the
outstanding Awards shall be immediately exercisable and vested as of a date
prior to such merger or consolidation, as the Board so determines. The exercise
and/or vesting of any Award that was permissible solely by reason of this
Section 7.7(b) shall be conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger. Any
Options which are neither assumed by the Acquiring Corporation not exercised as
of the date of the Merger shall terminate effective as of the effective date of
the Merger.

                  (c) OPTIONS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR STOCK OF ACQUIRED COMPANIES.
After any merger in which the Company or a Subsidiary shall be a surviving
corporation, the Committee may grant substituted options under the provisions of
the Plan, pursuant to Section 424 of the Code, replacing old options granted
under a plan of another party to the merger whose shares of stock subject to the
old options may no longer be issued following the merger. The manner of
application of the foregoing provisions to such options and any appropriate
adjustments shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Any
such adjustments may provide for the elimination of any fractional shares which
might otherwise become subject to any Options.

         7.8 NO RIGHT TO EMPLOYMENT. No employee or other person shall have any
claim of right to be granted an Award under the Plan. Neither the Plan nor any
action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any employee any right to be
retained in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

         7.9. AWARDS NOT INCLUDABLE FOR BENEFIT PURPOSES. Payments received by a
Participant pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall not be included in the
determination of benefits under any pension, group insurance or other benefit
plan applicable to the Participant which is maintained by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, except as may be provided under the terms of such plans or
determined by the Board.

         7.10. GOVERNING LAW. All determinations made and actions taken pursuant
to the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada and construed
in accordance therewith.

         7.11. NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. No rule of strict construction shall be
implied against the Company, the Committee or any other person in the
interpretation of any of the terms of the Plan, any Award granted under the Plan
or any rule or procedure established by the Committee.

         7.12. CAPTIONS. The captions (i.e., all Section headings) used in the
Plan are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Plan, and shall
not be deemed to limit, characterize or affect in any way any provisions of the
Plan, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed as if no captions had
been used in the Plan.

                                       12



<PAGE>


         7.13. SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision in the Plan and
every Award at any time granted under the Plan shall be interpreted in such
manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision
of the Plan or any Award at any time granted under the Plan shall be held to be
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then (a) such provision shall be
deemed amended to accomplish the objectives of the provision as originally
written to the fullest extent permitted by law and (b) all other provisions of
the Plan, such Award and every other Award at any time granted under the Plan
shall remain in full force and effect.

         7.14. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION.

                  (a) AMENDMENT. The Board shall have complete power and
authority to amend the Plan at any time without the authorization or approval of
the Company's stockholders, unless the amendment (i) materially increases the
benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (ii) materially increases the
aggregate number of securities that may be issued under the Plan or (iii)
materially modifies the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the
Plan, but in each case only to the extent then required by the Code or
applicable law, or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board. No termination or
amendment of the Plan may, without the consent of the Participant to whom any
Award shall theretofore have been granted under the Plan, materially adversely
affect the right of such individual under such Award.

                  (b) TERMINATION. The Board shall have the right and the power
to terminate the Plan at any time. No Award shall be granted under the Plan
after the termination of the Plan, but the termination of the Plan shall not
have any other effect and any Award outstanding at the time of the termination
of the Plan may be exercised after termination of the Plan at any time prior to
the expiration date of such Award to the same extent such Award would have been
exercisable had the Plan not been terminated.

                                       13













<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
