<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.26
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>h02342exv10w26.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYEMENT AGREEMENT - PHILIP CHOYCE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.26


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Employment Agreement (this "Agreement") by and between Grant
Prideco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Philip A. Choyce (the
"Executive"), is effective as of April 14, 2000.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Company has previously determined that it is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders to retain the Executive and to
induce the employment of the Executive for the long term benefit of the Company;

         NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1.       Employment.

                  (a) The Company hereby agrees that the Company or an
affiliated company will continue the Executive in its employ, and the Executive
hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company or an affiliate subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Employment Period (as
defined below).

                  (b) The "Employment Period" shall mean the period commencing
on the date hereof and ending on the second anniversary of the date hereof;
provided, however, that commencing on the second anniversary of the date hereof,
and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date and each annual
anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Renewal Date"),
unless previously terminated, the Employment Period shall be automatically
extended so as to terminate one year after such Renewal Date, unless at least 60
days prior to the Renewal Date the Company shall give written notice to the
Executive that the Contract Period shall not be so extended.

         2.       Terms of Employment.

                  (a)      Position and Duties.

                           (i) During the Employment Period, (A) the Executive's
         position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements,
         authority, duties and responsibilities) shall be Vice President and
         Associate General Counsel of the Company and such other executive
         positions as may be assigned to him and (B) the Executive's services
         shall be performed at the location where the Executive was employed
         immediately preceding the date hereof or any office or location less
         than 50 miles from such location.

                           (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any
         periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled,
         the Executive agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during
         normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and,
         to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to
         the Executive hereunder, to use the Executive's reasonable best efforts
         to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During the
         Employment Period it shall not be a violation of this

<PAGE>




         Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or
         charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking
         engagements or teach at educational institutions and (C) manage
         personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly
         interfere with the performance of the Executive's responsibilities as
         an employee of the Company in accordance with this Agreement. It is
         expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that any such
         activities have been conducted by the Executive prior to the date
         hereof, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of
         activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the date
         hereof shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance
         of the Executive's responsibilities to the Company.

                  (b)      Compensation.

                           (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
         Executive shall receive an annual base salary of $145,000 ("Annual Base
         Salary"), which shall be paid at a bi-weekly rate. During the
         Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more
         than 12 months after the last salary increase awarded to the Executive
         prior to the date hereof and thereafter at least annually; provided,
         however, that a salary increase shall not necessarily be awarded as a
         result of such review. Any increase in Annual Base Salary may not serve
         to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this
         Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
         increase. The term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement
         shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.

                           (ii) Annual Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible
         for an annual bonus (the "Annual Bonus") for each fiscal year ending
         during the Employment Period on the same basis as other executive
         officers under the Company's executive officer annual incentive
         program. Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the end of
         the third month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal year for
         which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to
         defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus pursuant to a Company sponsored
         deferred compensation plan in effect.

                           (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During
         the Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate
         in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and
         programs applicable generally to the Executive's peer executives of the
         Company and its affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans,
         practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive
         opportunities (measured with respect to both regular and special
         incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction
         is applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit
         opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the
         most favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated
         companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies and
         programs as in effect on the date hereof. As used in this Agreement,
         the term "affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled
         by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

                           (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment
         Period, the Executive and/or the Executive's family, as the case may
         be, shall be eligible to participate in and shall receive all benefits
         under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided
         by


                                      -2-

<PAGE>




         the Company and its affiliated companies (including, without
         limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, salary
         continuance, employee life, group life, accidental death and travel
         accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable
         generally to the Executive's peer executives of the Company and its
         affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices,
         policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits that are less
         favorable, in the aggregate, than such plans, practices, policies and
         programs in effect for the Executive on the date hereof.

                           (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, the
         Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all
         reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the
         most favorable policies, practices and procedures of the Company and
         its affiliated companies in effect for the Executive on the date
         hereof.

                           (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period,
         the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits (including, without
         limitation, financial planning services, payment of club dues, a car
         allowance or use of an automobile and payment of related expenses, as
         appropriate) in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices,
         programs and policies of the Company in effect on the date hereof.

                           (vii) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the
         Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the
         most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company
         and its affiliated companies in effect for the Executive on the date
         hereof; provided, however, Executive shall always be entitled to a
         minimum of 15 days vacation per year (which unused vacation shall
         carryover without limitation and be paid in full to Executive upon his
         termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated
         companies).

         3.       Termination of Employment.

                  (a) Death or Disability. The Executive's employment shall
terminate automatically upon the Executive's death during the Employment Period.
If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has
occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability
set forth below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with
Section 10(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the Executive's
employment. In such event, the Executive's employment with the Company shall
terminate effective 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the
"Disability Effective Date"), provided that within the 30-day period after such
receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the
Executive's duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the
absence of the Executive from the Executive's duties with the Company on a
full-time basis for 180 calendar days as a result of incapacity due to mental or
physical illness that is determined to be total and permanent by a physician
selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the
Executive's legal representative.

                   (b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's
employment during the Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:


                                      -3-

<PAGE>




                           (i) the willful and continued failure of the
         Executive to perform substantially the Executive's duties with the
         Company or one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting
         from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written
         demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the
         Chief Executive Officer or General Counsel of the Company that
         specifically identifies the manner in which the Chief Executive Officer
         or the General Counsel of the Company believes that the Executive has
         not substantially performed the Executive's duties, or

                           (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal
         conduct or gross misconduct that is materially and demonstrably
         injurious to the Company.

                  For purposes of this provision, no act, or failure to act, on
the part of the Executive shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or
omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief
that the Executive's action or omission was in the best interests of the
Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a
resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the Chief
Executive Officer, General Counsel or other senior officer of the Company or
based upon the advice of outside counsel for the Company shall be conclusively
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and
in the best interests of the Company.

                  (c) Good Reason. The Executive's employment may be terminated
by the Executive during the Employment Period for Good Reason. For purposes of
this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean:

                           (i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties
         inconsistent in any respect with the Executive's position (including
         status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties
         or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 2(a) of this Agreement,
         or any other action by the Company that results in a diminution in such
         position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
         purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in
         bad faith and that is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
         notice thereof given by the Executive;

                           (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties
         inconsistent in any respect with the Executive's position (including
         status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties
         or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 2(a) of this Agreement,
         or any other action by the Company that results in a diminution in such
         position, authority, duties or responsibilities, if there were to occur
         a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving the
         Company where the Company ceases to be publicly traded and following
         the transaction the Executive does not have the status, office, title
         and reporting requirements at the ultimate parent company that are
         substantially similar to that which the Executive has with the Company;

                           (iii) any failure by the Company to comply with any
         of the provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement, other than an
         isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad
         faith and that is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
         notice thereof given by the Executive;


                                      -4-

<PAGE>
                           (iv) the Company's requiring the Executive to be
         based at any office or location other than as provided in Section
         2(a)(i)(B) hereof or the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on
         Company business to a substantially greater extent than required
         immediately prior to the date hereof;

                           (v) any purported termination by the Company of the
         Executive's employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this
         Agreement; or

                           (vi) any failure by the Company to comply with and
         satisfy Section 9(c) of this Agreement.

                  For purposes of this Section 3(c), any good faith
determination of "Good Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

                  (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination during the
Employment Period by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason,
shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given
in accordance with Section 10(b) of the Agreement. For purposes of this
Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice that (i) indicates
the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the
extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under
the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined
below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the
termination date (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the giving of
such notice). The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the
Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance that contributes to a showing of
Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company,
respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

                  (e) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" shall mean:

                           (i) if the Executive's employment is terminated by
         the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, the date of
         receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified
         therein, as the case may be;

                           (ii) if the Executive's employment is terminated by
         the Company other than for Cause, death or Disability, the Date of
         Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies the
         Executive of such termination; and

                           (iii) if the Executive's employment is terminated by
         reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the
         date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the
         case may be.

         4.       Obligations of the Company Upon Termination.


                                      -5-

<PAGE>




                  (a) Good Reason; Other than For Cause, Death or Disability.
If, during the Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's
employment other than for Cause, death or Disability, or the Executive shall
terminate employment for Good Reason:

                           (i) The Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump
         sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate
         of the following amounts:

                                    (A) the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual
                  Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not
                  theretofore paid, (2) the product of (x) the higher of (I) the
                  highest Annual Bonus received by the Executive over the
                  preceding two year period (and if terminated prior to the
                  second anniversary of the date hereof, a minimum bonus of 80%
                  of Executive's Annual Salary during such period of time shall
                  be deemed to have been paid) plus (2) the Annual Bonus paid or
                  payable, including any bonus or portion thereof that has been
                  earned but deferred (and annualized for any fiscal year
                  consisting of less than 12 full months or during which the
                  Executive was employed for less than 12 full months), for the
                  most recently completed fiscal year during the Employment
                  Period

                           (ii) For a period of one year from the Executive's
         Date of Termination (the "Remaining Contract Term") or such longer
         period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan,
         program, practice or policy, the Company shall continue benefits to the
         Executive and/or the Executive's family equal to those that would have
         been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices
         and policies described in Section 2(b)(iv) of this Agreement if the
         Executive's employment had not been terminated; provided, however, that
         with respect to any of such plans, programs, practices or policies
         requiring an employee contribution, the Executive shall continue to pay
         the monthly employee contribution for same, and provided further, that
         if the Executive becomes reemployed by another employer and is eligible
         to receive medical or other welfare benefits under another employer
         provided plan, the medical and other welfare benefits described herein
         shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such
         applicable period of eligibility;

                           (iii) The Company shall, at its sole expense as
         incurred, provide the Executive with outplacement services, the scope
         and provider of which shall be selected by the Executive in his sole
         discretion;

                           (iv)     With respect to all options to purchase
                                    Common Stock, $.01 par value, of the Company
                                    ("Common Stock"), held by the Executive
                                    pursuant to a Company stock option plan on
                                    or prior to the Date of Termination,
                                    irrespective of whether such options are
                                    then exercisable, the Executive shall have
                                    the right, during the 60-day period after
                                    the Date of Termination, to cause all such
                                    options to become immediately vested and
                                    shall be exercisable for a period equal to
                                    the longer of (A) one year after the date of
                                    termination or (B) such longer period as
                                    provided for in the applicable stock option
                                    plan or agreement.

                                      -6-

<PAGE>





                           (vii) All benefits under the Company's Executive
         Deferred Compensation Plan and the 401(k) Plan and any other similar
         plans, including any stock options or restricted stock held by the
         Executive, not already vested shall be 100% vested, to the extent such
         vesting is permitted under the Code (as defined below);

                           (viii) To the extent not theretofore paid or
         provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any
         other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or that the
         Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy or
         practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its affiliated
         companies (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter
         referred to as the "Other Benefits"); and

                           (ix) The foregoing payments are intended to
         compensate the Executive for a breach of the Company's obligations and
         place Executive in substantially the same position had the employment
         of the Executive not been so terminated as a result of a breach by the
         Company.

                  (b) Death. If Executive's employment is terminated by reason
of the Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to the Executive's legal representatives
under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the
timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid
to the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash
within 30 days after the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of
Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 4(b) shall
include, without limitation, and the Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries
shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable
benefits provided by the Company and affiliated companies to the estates and
beneficiaries of the Executive's peer executives of the Company and such
affiliated companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating
to death benefits, if any, in effect on the date hereof or, if more favorable,
those in effect on the date of the Executive's death.

                  (c) Disability. If the Executive's employment is terminated by
reason of the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this
Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other
than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of
Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum
in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination. With respect to the
provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section
4(c) shall include, without limitation, and the Executive shall be entitled
after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and other benefits at
least equal to the most favorable benefits generally provided by the Company and
its affiliated companies to the Executive's disabled peer executives and/or
their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies
relating to disability, if any, in effect generally on the date hereof or, if
more favorable, those in effect at the time of the Disability.

                  (d) Cause; Other Than for Good Reason. If the Executive's
employment is terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this Agreement
shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than the
obligation to pay to the Executive (x) his or her Annual Base Salary through the
Date of Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously


                                      -7-

<PAGE>




deferred by the Executive and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent
theretofore unpaid. If the Executive voluntarily terminates employment during
the Employment Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement
shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive, other than for
Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. In
such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum
in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination subject to such other
options or restrictions as provided by law.

         5.       Other Rights. Except as provided hereinafter, nothing in this
Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future
participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company
or any of its affiliated companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor
shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may
have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated
companies. Except as provided hereinafter, amounts that are vested benefits or
that the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy,
practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of
its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be
payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or
agreement. It is expressly agreed by the Executive that he or she shall have no
right to receive, and hereby waives any entitlement to, any severance pay or
similar benefit under any other plan, policy, practice or program of the
Company. In addition, if the Executive has an employment or similar agreement
with the Company at the Date of Termination, he or she agrees that he or she
shall have the right to receive all of the benefits provided under this
Agreement or such other agreement, whichever one, in its entirety, the Executive
chooses, but not both agreements, and when the Executive has made such election,
the other agreement shall be superseded in its entirety and shall be of no
further force and effect. The Executive also agrees that to the extent he or she
may be eligible for any severance pay or similar benefit under any laws
providing for severance or termination benefits, such other severance pay or
similar benefit shall be coordinated with the benefits owed hereunder, such that
the Executive shall not receive duplicate benefits.

         6.       Full Settlement.

                  (a) No Rights of Offset. The Company's obligation to make the
payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment,
defense or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against the
Executive or others.

                  (b) No Mitigation Required. In no event shall the Executive be
obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation
of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this
Agreement and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive
obtains other employment.

                  (c) Legal Fees. The Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the
full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expense that the Executive may
reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof)
by the Company or the Executive of the validity or enforceability of, or
liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance
thereto (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount
of any payment


                                      -8-

<PAGE>




pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed payment
at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

         7.       Intentionally Omitted.


         8.       Confidential Information. The Executive shall hold in a
fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential
information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated
companies, and their respective businesses, that shall have been obtained by the
Executive during the Executive's employment by the Company or any of its
affiliated companies, provided that it shall not apply to information that is or
shall become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or
representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement), information
that is developed by the Executive independently of such information, or
knowledge or data or information that is disclosed to the Executive by a third
party under no obligation of confidentiality to the Company. After termination
of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law
or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge or data
to anyone other than the Company and those designated by it. In no event shall
an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section 8 constitute a basis for
deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under
this Agreement.

         9.       Successors.

                  (a) This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not
be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
the Executive's legal representatives.

                  (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

                  (c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession
had taken place. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as
hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as
aforesaid that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law,
or otherwise.

         10.      Miscellaneous.

                  (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the
provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be
amended or modified


                                      -9-

<PAGE>




otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their
respective successors and legal representatives.

                  (b) All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as
follows:

                  If to the Executive:        Philip A. Choyce
                                              Grant Prideco, Inc.
                                              1450 Lake Robbins Drive, Suite 600
                                              The Woodlands, Texas 77380

                  If to the Company:          Grant Prideco, Inc.
                                              1450 Lake Robbins Drive, Suite 600
                                              The Woodlands, Texas 77380
                                              Attention: John C. Coble

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective
when actually received by the addressee.

                  (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision of this Agreement.

                  (d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under
this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required
to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

                  (e) The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon
strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert
any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without
limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason
pursuant to Section 3(c)(i)-(v) of this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.


                                      -10-


<PAGE>





      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive's hand
and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has
caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the
day and year first above written.


                            ----------------------------------------------------
                                               Philip A. Choyce


                            GRANT PRIDECO, INC.


                            By
                               -------------------------------------------------
                            Name:
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                            Title:
                                   ---------------------------------------------



                                      -11-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
