<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.28
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex1028.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT DATED 08/30/2001
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.28

         STANDARD INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL MULTI-TENANT LEASE--MODIFIED NET
                   AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION

                                     [LOGO]

1.   Basic Provisions ("Basic Provisions").

     1.1 Parties: This Lease ("Lease"), dated for reference purposes only,
August 30, 2001 is made by and between James S. Lindsey ("Lessor") and Align
Technology, Inc. ("Leasee"), (collectively the "Parties" or individually a
"Party").

     1.2(a) Premises: That certain portion of the Building, including all
improvements therein or to be provided by Lessor under the terms of this Lease,
commonly known by the street address of 821 Martin Avenue, located in the City
of Santa Clara County of Santa Clara, State of California, with zip code 95050,
as outlined on Exhibit A attached hereto ("Premises"). The "Building" is that
certain building containing the Premises and generally described as (describe
briefly the nature of the Building): An approximately 20,627 square foot portion
of an approximately 100,369 square foot freestanding building which is part of a
two building, approximately 156,282 square foot ___. In addition to Lessee's
rights to use and occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Lessee shall
have non-exclusive rights to the Common Areas (as defined in Paragraph 2.7
below) as hereinafter specified, but shall not have any rights to the roof,
exterior walls or utility raceways of the Building or to any other buildings in
the Industrial Center. The Premises, the Building, the Common Areas, the land
upon which they are located, along with other buildings and improvements
thereon, are herein collectively referred to as the "Industrial Center." (Also
see Paragraph 2.)

     1.2(b) Parking: Eighty-two unreserved vehicle parking spaces ("Unreserved
Parking Spaces"); and zero reserved vehicle parking spaces ("Reserved Parking
Spaces"). (Also see Paragraph 2.6.)

     1.3 Term: One years and zero months ("Original Term") commencing October 1,
2001 ("Commencement Date") and ending September 30, 2002 ("Expiration Date").
(Also see Paragraph 3.)

     1.4 Early Possession: September 15, 2001 ("Early Possession Date"). (Also
see Paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3.)

     1.5 Base Rent: $25,783.74 per month ("Base Rent"), payable on the first day
of each month commencing November 1, 2001. (Also see Paragraph 4.)

[X]  If this box is checked, this Lease provides for Base Rent to be adjusted
     per Addendum One attached hereto.

     1.6(a) Base Rent paid upon Execution: $25783.74 Base Rent for the period
October 1, 2001 - October 31, 2001.

     1.6(b) Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses: Thirteen and 2/10
percent (13.__) ("Lessee's Share") as determined by

[X]  prorata square footage of the Premises as compared to the total square
     footage of the project (20.6% of the building).

     1.7 Security Deposit: $ See Paragraph 74 ("Security Deposit"). (Also see
Paragraph 5.)

     1.8 Permitted Use: Office, administration, light assembly, research and
development, testing, engineering, warehousing and related legal uses
("Permitted Use") (Also see Paragraph 6.)

     1.9 Insuring Party. Lessor is the "Insuring Party." (Also see Paragraph 8.)

     1.10(a) Real Estate Brokers. The following real estate broker(s)
(collectively, the "Brokers") and brokerage relationships exist in this
transaction and are consented to by the Parties (check applicable boxes):

[ ]                             represents Lessor exclusively ("Lessor's
     -------------------------
     Broker");

[ ]                            represents Lessee exclusively ("Lessee's
     -------------------------
     Broker"); or

[X]  CPS represents both Lessor and Lessee ("Dual Agency"). (Also see Paragraph
     15.)

     1.10(b) Payment to Brokers. Upon the execution of this Lease by both
Parties, Lessor shall pay to said Broker(s) jointly, or in such separate shares
as they may mutually designate in writing, a fee as set forth in a separate
written agreement between Lessor and said Broker(s) (or in the event there is no
separate written agreement between Lessor and said Broker(s), the sum of
$_________) for brokerage services rendered by said Broker(s) in connection with
this transaction.

     1.11 Guarantor. The obligations of the Lessee under this Lease are to be
guaranteed by Not Applicable ("Guarantor"). (Also see Paragraph 37.)

     1.12 Addends and Exhibits. Attached hereto is an Addendum or Addenda
consisting of Paragraphs 49 through 75 and Exhibits A through A all of which
constitute a part of this Lease.

2.   Premises, Parking and Common Areas.

     2.1 Letting. Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from
Lessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon all of the terms,
covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. Unless otherwise provided
herein, any statement of square footage set forth in this Lease, or that may
have been used in calculating rental and/or Common Area Operating Expenses, is
an approximation which Lessor and Lessee agree is reasonable and the rental and
Lessee's Share (as defined in Paragraph 1.6(b)) based thereon is not subject to
revision whether or not the actual square footage is more or less.

     2.2 Condition. Lessor shall deliver the Premises to Lessee clean and free
of debris on the Commencement Date and warrants to Lessee that the existing
plumbing, electrical systems, fire sprinkler system, lighting, air conditioning
and heating systems and loading doors, if any, in the Premises, other than those
constructed by Lessee, shall be in good operating condition on the Commencement
Date. If a non-compliance with said warranty exists as of the Commencement Date,
Lessor shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt
of a written notice from Lessee setting forth with specificity the nature and
extent of such non-compliance, rectify same at Lessor's expense. If Lessee does
not give Lessor written notice of a non-compliance with this warranty within
thirty (30) days after the Commencement Date, correction of that non-compliance
shall be the obligation of Lessee at Lessee's sole cost and expense.

     2.3 Compliance with Covenants. Restrictions and Building Code. Lessor
warrants that any improvements (other than those constructed by Lessee or at
Lessee's direction) on or in the Premises which have been constructed or
installed by Lessor or with Lessor's consent or at Lessor's direction shall
comply with all applicable covenants or restrictions of record and applicable
building codes, regulations and ordinances in effect on the Commencement Date.
Lessor further warrants to Lessee that Lessor has no knowledge of any claim
having been made by any governmental agency that a violation or violations of
applicable building codes, regulations, or ordinances exist with regard to the
Premises as of the Commencement Date. Said warranties shall not apply to any
Alterations or Utility Installations (defined in Paragraph 7.3(a)) made or to be
made by Lessee. If the Premises do not comply with said warranties, Lessor
shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of
written notice from Lessee within six (6) months following the Commencement Date
and setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance,
take such action, at Lessor's expense, as may be reasonable or appropriate to
rectify the non-compliance. Lessor makes no warranty that the Permitted Use in
Paragraph 1.8 is permitted for the Premises under Applicable Laws (as defined in
Paragraph 2.4).

     2.4 Acceptance of Premises. Lessee hereby acknowledges: (a) that it has
been advised by the Broker(s) to satisfy itself with respect to the condition of
the Premises (including but not limited to the electrical and fire sprinkler
systems, security, environmental aspects, seismic and earthquake requirements,
and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable zoning,
municipal, county, state and federal laws, ordinances and regulations and any
covenants or restrictions of record (collectively, "Applicable Laws") and the
present and future suitability of the Premises for Lessee's intended use: (b)
that Lessee has made such investigation as it deems necessary with reference to
such matters, is satisfied with reference thereto, and assumes all
responsibility therefore as the same relate to Lessee's occupancy of the
Premises and/or the terms of this Lease; and (c) that neither Lessor, nor any of
Lessor's agent, has made any oral or written representations or warranties with
respect to said matters other than as set forth in this Lease.

     2.5 Lessee as Prior Owner/Occupant. The warranties made by Lessor in this
Paragraph 2 shall be of no force or effect if immediately prior to the date set
forth in Paragraph 1.1 Lessee was the owner or occupant of the Premises. In such
even, Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole cost and expense, correct any
non-compliance of the Premises with said warranties.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

<PAGE>

     2.6 Vehicle Parking Lessee shall be entitled to use the number of
Unreserved Parking Spaces and Reserved Parking Spaces specified in Paragraph
1.2(b) on those portions of the Common Areas designated from time to time by
Lessor for parking. Lessee shall not use more parking spaces than said number.
Said parking spaces shall be used for parking by vehicles no larger than
full-size passenger automobiles or pick-up trucks, herein called "Permitted Size
Vehicles." Vehicles other than Permitted Size Vehicles shall be parked and
loaded or unloaded as directed by Lessor in the Rules and Regulations (as
defined in Paragraph 40) issued by Lessor. (Also see Paragraph 2.9.)

          (a) Lessee shall not permit or allow any vehicles that belong to or
are controlled by Lessee or Lessee's employees, suppliers, shippers, customers,
contractors or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or parked in areas other than
those designated by Lessor for such activities.

          (b) If Lessee permits or allows any of the prohibited activities
described in Paragraph 2.6, then Lessor shall have the right, without notice, in
addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove or low
away the vehicle involved and charge the cost to Lessee, which cost shall be
immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

          (c) Lessor shall at the Commencement Date of this Lease, provide the
parking facilities required by Applicable Law.

     2.7 Common Areas - Definition. The term "Common Areas" is defined as all
areas and facilities outside the Premises and within the exterior boundary line
of the Industrial Center and interior utility raceways within the Premises that
are provided and designated by the Lessor from time to time for the general
non-exclusive use of Lessor, Lessee and other lessees of the Industrial Center
and their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and
invitees, including parking areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas,
roadways, sidewalks, walkways, parkways, driveways and landscaped areas.

     2.8 Common Areas - Lessee's Rights. Lessor hereby grants to Lessee, for the
benefit of Lessee and its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors
and invitees, during the term of this Lease, the non-exclusive right to use, in
common with others entitled to such use, the Common Areas as they exist from
time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges reserved by Lessor,
under the terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations or
restrictions governing the use of the Industrial Center. Under no circumstances
shall the right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed to include the
right to store any property, temporarily or permanently, in the Common Areas.
Any such storage shall be permitted only by the prior written consent of Lessor
or Lessor's designated agent, which consent may be revoked at any time. In the
event that any unauthorized storage shall occur then Lessor shall have the
right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may
have, to remove the property and charge the cost to Lessee, which cost shall be
immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

     2.9 Common Areas - Rules and Regulations. Lessor or such other person(s) as
Lessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and management of the Common
Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to establish, modify, amend
and enforce reasonable Rules and Regulations with respect thereto in accordance
with Paragraph 40. Lessee agrees to abide by and conform to all such Rules and
Regulations, and to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers,
contractors and invites to so abide and conform. Lessor shall not be responsible
to Lessee for the non-compliance with said rules and regulations by other
lessees of the Industrial Center.

     2.10 Common Areas - Changes. Lessor shall have the right, in Lessor's sole
discretion, from time to time:

          (a) To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without
limitation, changes in the location, size, shape and number of driveways,
entrances, parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress,
egress, discretion of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and utility raceways;

          (b) To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance
purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available;

          (c) To designate other land outside the boundaries of the Industrial
Center to be a part of the Common Areas;

          (d) To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common Areas;

          (e) To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional
improvements, repairs or alterations to the Industrial Center, or any portion
thereof; and

          (f) To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in,
to or with respect to the Common Areas and Industrial Center as Lessor may, in
the exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate.

3.   Term.

     3.1 Term. The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this
Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3.

     3.2 Early Possession. If an Early Possession Date is specified in Paragraph
1.4 and if Lessee totally or partially occupies the Premises after the Early
Possession Date but prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay Base
Rent shall be abated for the period of such early occupancy. All other terms of
this Lease, however, (including but not limited to the obligations to pay
Lessee's Share of Common Areas Operating Expenses and to carry the insurance
required by Paragraph 8) shall be in effect during such period. Any such early
possession shall not affect nor advance the Expiration date of the Original
Term.

     3.3 Delay in Possession. If for any reason Lessor cannot deliver possession
of the Premises to Lessee by the Early Possession Date, if one is specified in
Paragraph 1.4 or if no Early Possession Date is specified; by the Commencement
Date, Lessor shall not be subject to any liability therefor, nor shall such
failure affect the validity of this Lease, or the obligations of Lessee
hereunder, or extend the term hereof, but in such case, Lessee shall not, except
as otherwise provided herein, be obligated to pay rent or perform any other
obligation of Lessee under the terms of this Lease until Lessor delivers
possession of the Premises to Lessee. If possession of the Premises is not
delivered to Lessee within sixty (60) days after the Commencement Date, Lessee
may, at its option, by notice in writing to Lessor within ten (10) days after
the end of the said sixty (60) day period, cancel this Lease, in which event the
parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder; provided further,
however, that if such written notice of Lessee is not received by Lessor within
the said ten (10) day period, Lessee's right to cancel this Lease hereunder
shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. Except as may be otherwise
provided, and regardless of when the Original Term actually commences, if
possession is not tendered to Lessee when required by this Lease and Lessee does
not terminate this Lease, as aforesaid, the period free of the obligation to pay
Base Rent, if any, that Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed shall run from the
date of delivery or possession and continue for a period equal to the period
during which the Lessee would have otherwise enjoyed under the terms hereof, but
minus any days of delay caused by the acts, changes or omissions of Lessee.

4.   Rent.

     4.1 Base Rent. Lessee shall pay Base Rent and other rent or charges, as the
same may be adjusted from time to time, to Lessor in Lawful money of the United
States, without offset or deduction, on or before the day on which it is due
under the terms of this Lease. Base Rent and all other rent and charges for any
period during the term hereof which is for less that one full month shall be
prorated based upon the actual number of days of the month involved. Payment of
Base Rent and other charges shall be made to Lessor at its address stated herein
or to such other persons or at such other addresses as Lessor may from time to
time designate in writing to Lessee.

     4.2 Common Area Operating Expenses. Lessee shall pay to Lessor during the
term hereof, in addition to the Base Rent, Lessee's Share (as specified in
Paragraph 1.6(b)) of all Common Area Operating Expenses, as hereinafter defined,
during each calendar year of the term of this Lease, in accordance with the
following provisions:

          (a) "Common Area Operating Expenses" are defined, for purposes of this
Lease, as all costs incurred by Lessor relating to the ownership and operation
of the Industrial Center, including, but not limited to, the following:

               (i) The operation, repair and maintenance, in neat, clean, good
order and condition of the following:

                    (aa) The Common Areas, including parking areas, loading an
unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, sidewalks, walkways, parkways,
driveways, landscaped areas, striping, bumpers, irrigation systems, Common Area
lighting facilities, fences and gates, elevators and roof.

                    (bb) Exterior signs and any tenant directories.

                    (cc) Fire detection and sprinkler systems.

               (ii) The cost of water, gas, electricity and telephone to service
the Common Areas.

               (iii) Trash disposal, property management and security services
and the costs of any environmental inspections.

               (iv) Reserves set aside for maintenance and repair of Common
Areas.

               (v) Real Property Taxes (as defined in Paragraph 10.2) to be paid
by Lessor for the Building and the Common Areas under Paragraph 10 hereof.

               (vi) The cost of the premiums for the insurance policies
maintained by Lessor under Paragraph 8 hereof.

               (vii) Any deductible portion of an insured loss concerning the
Building of the Common Areas.

               (viii) Any other services to be provided by Lessor that are
stated elsewhere in this Lease to be a Common Area Operating Expense.

          (b) Any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that
are specifically attributable to the Building or to any other building in the
Industrial Center or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be
allocated entirely to the Building or to such other building. However, any
Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are not specifically
attributable to the Building or to any other building or to the operation,
repair and maintenance thereof, shall be equitably allocated by Lessor to all
buildings in the Industrial Center.

          (c) The inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set
forth in Subparagraph 4.2(a) shall not be deemed to impose an obligation upon
Lessor to either have said improvements or facilities to provide those services
unless the Industrial Center already has the same, Lessor already provides the
services, or Lessor has agreed elsewhere in this Lease to provide the same or
some of them.

          (d) Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses shall be payable
by Lessee within ten (10) days after a reasonably detailed statement of actual
expenses is presented to Lessee by Lessor. At Lessor's option, however, an
amount may be estimated by Lessor from time to time of Lessee's Share of annual
Common Area Operating Expenses and the same shall be payable monthly or
quarterly, as Lessor shall designate, during each 12-month period of the Lease
term, on the same day as the Base Rent is due hereunder. Lessor shall deliver to
Lessee within sixty (60) days after the expiration of each calendar year a
reasonably detailed statement showing Lessee's Share of the actual Common Area
Operating Expenses incurred during the preceding year. If Lessee's payments
under this Paragraph 4.2(d) during said preceding year exceed Lessee's Share as
indicated on said statement. Lessee shall be credited the amount of such over-


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

payment against Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses next becoming
due. If Lessee's payments under this Paragraph 4.2(d) during said preceding
year were less than Lessee's Share as indicated on said statement. Lessee shall
pay to Lessor the amount of the deficiency within ten (10) days after delivery
by Lessor to Lessee of said statement.

5. Security Deposit. Lessee shall deposit with Lessor upon Lessee's execution
hereof the Security Deposit set forth in Paragraph 1.7 as security for Lessee's
faithful performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease. If Lessee fails
to pay Base Rent or other rent or charges due hereunder, or otherwise Defaults
under this Lease (as declined in Paragraph 13.1), Lessor may use, apply or
retain all or any portion of said Security Deposit for the payment of any amount
due Lessor or to reimburse or compensate Lessor for any liability, cost,
expense, loss or damage (including attorneys' fees) which Lessor may suffer or
incur by reason thereof. If Lessor uses or applies all or any portion of said
Security Deposit, Lessee shall within ten (10) days after written request
therefore deposit monies with Lessor sufficient to restore said Security Deposit
to the full amount required by this Lease. Any time the Base Rent increases
during the term of this Lease, Lessee shall, upon written request from Lessor,
deposit additional monies with Lessor as an addition to the Security Deposit so
that the total amount of the Security Deposit shall at all times bear the same
proportion to the then current Base Rent as the initial Security Deposit bears
to the initial Base Rent set forth in Paragraph 1.5 Lessor shall not be required
to keep all or any part of the Security Deposit separate from its general
accounts. Lessor shall, at the expiration or earlier termination of the term
hereof and after Lessee has vacation the Premises, return to Lessee (or, at
Lessor's option, to the last assignee, if any, of Lessee's interest herein),
that portion of the Security Deposit not used or applied by Lessor. Unless
otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Lessor, no part of the Security Deposit
shall be considered to he held in trust, to bear interest or other increment for
its use, or to be prepayment for any monies to be paid by Lessee under this
Lease.

6. Use

     6.1 Permitted Use.

          (a) Lessee shall use and occupy the Premises only for the Permitted
Use set Forth in paragraph 1.8 or any other legal use which is reasonably
comparable thereto, and for no other purpose, Lessee shall not use or permit the
use of the premises in a manner that is unlawful, creates waste or nuisance, or
that disturbs owners and/or occupants of, or causes damage to the Premises or
neighboring premises or properties.

          (b) Lessor hereby agrees to not unreasonably withhold or delay its
consent to any written request by Lessee. Lessee's assignees or subtenants, and
by prospective assignees and subtenants of Lessee, its assignees and subtenants,
for a modification of said Permitted Use, so long as the same will not impair
the structural integrity of the improvements on the Premises or in the Building
of the mechanical or electrical systems therein, does not conflict with uses by
other lessees, is not significantly more burdensome to the Premises of the
Building and the improvements thereon, and is otherwise permissible pursuant to
this Paragraph 6. if Lessor elects to withhold such consent, Lessor shall within
five (5) business days after such request give a written notification of same,
which notice shall include an explanation of Lessor's reasonable objections to
the change in use.

     6.2 Hazardous Substances

          (a) Reportable Uses Require Consent. The term "Hazardous Substance" as
used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance, chemical, material or
waste whose presence, nature quantity and/or intensify of existence, use,
manufacture, disposal, transportation, spill, release or effect, either by
itself or in combination with other materials expected to be on the Premises, is
either: (i) potentially injurious to the public health, safety or welfare, the
environment of the premises; (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental
authority; or (iii) a basis for potential liability of Lessor to any
governmental agency or third party under any applicable statute or common law
theory. Hazardous substance shall include, but not be limited to, hydrocarbons,
petroleum, gasoline, crude oil or any products or by-products thereof. Lessee
shall not engage in any activity in or about the Premises which constitutes a
Reportable Use (as hereinafter defined) of Hazardous Substances without the
express prior written consent of Lessor and compliance in a timely manner (at
Lessee's sole cost and expense) with all Applicable Requirements (as defined in
Paragraph 6.3). "Reportable Use" shall mean (i) the installation of use of any
above or below ground storage tank (ii) the generation, possession, storage,
use, transportation or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires a permit
from, or with respect to which a report, notice, registration or business plan
is required to be filed with, any governmental authority, and (iii) the presence
in, on or about the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with respect to which any
Applicable Laws required that a notice be given to persons entering or occupying
the Premises or neighboring properties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessee
may, without Lessor's prior consent, but upon notice to Lessor and in compliance
with all Applicable Requirements, use any ordinary and customary materials
reasonably required to be used by Lessee in the normal course of the Permitted
Use, so long as such use is not a Reportable Use and does not expose the
premises or neighboring properties to any meaningful risk of contamination or
damage of expose Lessor to any liability therefor. In addition, Lessor may (but
without any obligation to do so) condition its consent to any Reportable Use of
any Hazardous Substance by Lessee upon Lessee's giving Lessor such additional
assurance as Lessor, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary to protect
itself, the public, the Premises and the environment against damage,
contamination or injury and/or liability therefor, including but not limited to
the installation (and, or Lessor's option, removal on or before Lease expiration
or earlier termination) or reasonably protective modifications to the Premises
(such as concrete uneasements) and/or the deposit of an additional Security
Deposit under Paragraph 5 hereof.

          (b) Duty to inform Lessor. If Lessee knows, or has reasonable cause to
believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located in, on, under or
about the Premises of the Building, other than as previously consented to by
Lessor, Lessee shall immediately give Lessor written notice thereof, together
with a copy of any statement, report, notice, registration, application, permit,
business plan, license, claim, action or proceeding given to, or received from,
any governmental authority or private party concerning the presence, spill,
release, discharge of, or exposure to, such Hazardous Substance including but
not limited to all such documents as may be involved in any Reportable Use
involving the Premises. Lessee shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Substance
to be spilled or released in, on, under or about the Premises (including,
without limitation, through the plumbing or sanitary sewer system).

          (c) Indemnification. Lessee shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold
Lessor, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor, if any, and the
Premises, harmless from and against any and all damages, liabilities, judgments,
costs, claims, liens, expenses, penalties, loss of permits, and attorneys' and
consultants' fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous Substance brought
onto the Premises by or for Lessee or by anyone under Lessee's control. Lessee's
obligations under this Paragraph 6.2 (c) shall include, but not limited to, the
effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or the environment
created or suffered by Lessee, and the cost of investigation (including
consultants' and attorneys' fees and testing), removal, remediation, restoration
and/or abatement thereof, or of any contamination therein involved, and shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. No termination,
cancellation or release agreement entered into by Lessor and Lessee shall
release Lessee from its obligations under this Lease with respect to Hazardous
Substances, unless specifically so agreed by Lessor in writing at the time of
such agreement.

     6.3 Lessee's Compliance with Requirements, Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole
cost and expense, fully, diligently and in a timely manner, comply with all
"Applicable Requirements," which term is used in this Lease to mean all laws,
rules, regulations, ordinances, directives, covenants, easements and
restrictions of record, permits, the requirements of any applicable fire
insurance underwriter or rating bureau, and the recommendations of Lessor's
engineers and/or consultants, relating in any manner to the Premises (including
but not limited to matters pertaining to (i) industrial hygiene, (ii)
environmental conditions on, in, under or about the Premises, including soil and
groundwater conditions, and (iii) the use, generation, manufacture, production,
installation, maintenance, removal, transportation, storage, spill, or release
of any Hazardous Substance), now in effect or which may hereafter come into
effect. Lessee shall, within five (5) days after receipt of Lessor's written
request, provide Lessor with copies of all documents and information, including
but not limited to permits, registrations, manifests, applications, reports and
certificates, evidencing Lessee's compliance with any Applicable Requirements
specified by Lessor, and shall immediately upon receipt, notify Lessor in
writing (with copies of any documents involved) of any threatened or actual
claim, notice, citation, warning, complaint or report pertaining to or involving
failure by Lessee of the Premises to comply with any Applicable Requirements.

     6.4 Inspection; Compliance with Law, Lessor, Lessor's agents, employees,
contractors any designated representatives, and the holders of any mortgages,
deeds of trust or ground leases on the Premises ("Lenders") shall have the right
to enter the Premises at any time in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at
reasonable times, for the purpose of inspecting the condition of the Premises
and for verifying compliance by Lessee with this Lease and all Applicable
Requirements (as defined in Paragraph 6.3), and Lessor shall be entitled, to
employ experts and/or consultants in connection therewith to advise Lessor with
respect to Lessee's activities, including but not limited to Lessee's
installation, operation, use, monitoring, maintenance or removal of any
Hazardous Substance on of from the Premises. This costs and expenses of any such
inspections shall be paid by the party requesting same, unless a Default or
Breach of this Lease by Lessee or a violation of Applicable Requirements or a
contamination, caused or materially contributed to by Lessee, is found to exist
or to be imminent, or unless the inspection, is requested or ordered by a
governmental authority as the result of any such existing or imminent violation
or contamination. In such case, Lessee shall upon request reimburse Lessor or
Lessor's Lender, as the case may be, for the costs and expenses of such
inspections.

7. Maintenance, Repairs, Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures and Alterations.

          7.1 Lessee's Obligations.

          (a) Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2 (Condition), 2.3
(Compliance with Covenants, Restrictions and Building Code), 7.2 (Lessor's
Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction), and 14 (Condemnation), Lessee shall, at
Lessee's sole cost and expense and at all times, keep the Premises and every
part thereof in good order, condition and repair (whether or not such portion of
the Premises required a repair, or the means of repairing the same, are
reasonably or readily accessible to Lessee, and whether or not the need for such
repairs occurs as a result of Lessee's use, any prior use, the elements or the
age of such portion of the Premises). Including, without limited the generally
of the foregoing, all equipment or facilities specifically serving the Premises,
such as plumbing, heating, air conditioning, ventilating, electrical, lighting
facilities, boilers, fired or unfired pressure vessels, fire hose connections if
within the premises, fixtures, interior walls, interior surfaces of exterior
walls, ceilings, floors, windows, doors, plate glass, and skylights, but
excluding any items which are the responsibility of Lessor pursuant to Paragraph
7.2 below. Lessee, in keeping the Premises in good order, condition and repair,
shall exercise and perform good maintenance practices. Lessee's obligations
shall include restorations, replacements or renewals when necessary to keep the
Premises and all improvements thereon or a part thereof in good order, condition
and state of repair.

          (b) Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole cost and expense, procure and
maintain a contract, with copies to Lessor, in customary form and substance for
and with a contractor specializing and experienced in the inspection,
maintenance and service of the heating, air conditioning, and ventilation system
for the Premises. However, Lessor reserves the right, upon notice to Lessee, to
procure and maintain the contract for the healing, air conditioning and
ventilating systems, and if Lessor so elects, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor
upon, demand, for the cost thereof.

          (c) If Lessee fails to perform Lessee's obligations under the
Paragraph 7.1, Lessor may enter into the Premises after ten (10) days prior
written notice to Lessee (except in case of an emergency, in which case no
notice shall be required), perform such obligations on Lessee's behalf, and put
the Premises in good order, condition and repair, in accordance with Paragraph
13.2 below.

     7.2 Lessor's Obligations. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2
(Condition), 2.3 (Compliance with Covenants, Restrictions and Building Code),
4.2 (Common Area Operating Expenses) 6 (Use), 7.1 (Lessee's Obligations), 9
(Damage or Destruction) and 14 (Condemnation), Lessor, subject to reimbursement
pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 shall keep in good order, condition and repair the
foundations, exterior walls, structural condition of interior bearing walls,
exterior root, fire sprinkler and /or standpipe and hose (if located in the
Common Areas) or other automatic fire extinguishing system including fire alarm
and/or smoke


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

detection systems and equipment, fire hydrants, parking lots, walkways,
parkways, driveways, landscaping, lances, signs, and utility systems serving the
Common Areas and all parts thereof, as well as providing the services for which
there is a Common Area Operating Expense pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Lessor shall
not be obligated to paint the exterior or interior surfaces of exterior walls
nor shall Lessor be obligated to maintain, repair or replace windows, doors or
plate glass of the Premises. Lessee expressly waives the benefit of any statute
now or hereafter in effect which would otherwise afford Lessee the right to make
repairs at Lessor's expense or to terminate this Lease because of Lessor's
failure to keep the Building, Industrial Center or Common Areas in good order,
condition and repair.

     7.3 Utility installations, Trade Fixtures, Alterations.

          (a) Definitions; Consent Required, The term "Utility installations" is
used in this Lease to refer to all Lease to refer to all air lines, power
panels, electrical distribution, security, fire protection systems,
communications systems, lighting fixtures, heating, ventilating and air
conditioning equipment, plumbing, and fencing in or about the Premises. The term
"Trade Fixtures" shall mean Lessee's machinery and equipment which can be
removed without doing material damage to the Premises. The term "Alterations"
shall mean any modification of the improvements on the Premises which are
provided by Lessor under the terms of this Lease, other than Utility
Installations or Trade Fixtures. "Lessee Owned Alterations and/or Utility
Installations" are defied as Alterations and/or Utility Installations made by
Lessee that are not yet owned by Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.4(a). Lessee
shall not make nor cause to be made any Alterations or Utility Installations
in, on, under or about the Premises without Lessor's prior written consent.
Lessee may, however, make non-structural Utility Installations to the interior
of the Premises (excluding the roof) without Lessor's consent but upon notice to
Lessor, so long as they are not visible from outside of the Premises, do not
involve puncturing, relocating or removing the roof or any existing walls, or
changing or interfering with the fire sprinkler or fire detection systems and
the cumulative cost thereof during the term of this Lease as extended does not
exceed $2,500.00.

          (b) Consent. Any Alterations or Utility Installations that Lessee
shall desire to make and which require the consent of the Lessor shall be
presented to Lessor in written form with detailed plans. All consents given by
Lessor, whether by virtue of Paragraph 7.3(a) or by subsequent specific
consent, shall be deemed conditioned upon: (i) Lessee's acquiring all applicable
permits required by governmental authorities; (ii) the furnishing of copies of
such permits together with a copy of the plans and specifications for the
Alteration or Utility Installation to Lessor prior to commencement of the work
thereon; and (iii) the compliance by Lessee with all conditions of said permits
in a prompt and expeditious manner. Any Alterations or Utility Installations by
Lessee during the term of Lease shall be done in a good and workmanlike manner,
with good and sufficient materials, and be in compliance with all Applicable
Requirements. Lessee shall promptly upon completion thereof furnish Lessor with
as-built plans and specifications therefore, Lessor may, (but without obligation
to do so) condition its consent to any requested Alteration or Utility
Installation that costs $2,500.00 or more upon Lessee's providing Lessor with a
lien and completion bond in an amount equal to one and one-half times the
estimated cost of such Alteration or Utility Installation.

          (c) Lien Protection. Lessee shall pay when due all claim for labor or
materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for Lessee at or for
use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any mechanic's or
materialmen's lien against the Premises or any interest therein. Lessee shall
give Lessor not less than ten (10) days' notice prior to the commencement of any
work in, on or about the Premises, and Lessor shall have the right to post
notices of non-responsibility in or on the Premises as provided by Law. If
Lessee shall, in good faith, contest the validity of any such lien, claim or
demand, then Lessee shall, at its sole expense, defend and protect itself,
Lessor and the Premises against the same and shall pay and satisfy any such
adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof
against the Lessor or the Premises. If Lessor shall require, Lessee shall
furnish to Lessor a surety bond satisfactory to Lessor in an amount equal to one
and one-half times the amount of such contested lien claim or demand,
indemnifying Lessor against liability for the same as required by law for the
holding of the Premises free from the effect of such lien or claim. In addition,
Lessor may require Lessee to pay Lessors' attorneys' fees and costs in
participating in such action if Lessor shall decide it is to its best interest
to do so.

     7.4 Ownership, Removal, Surrender, and Restoration.

          (a) Ownership. Subject to Lessor's right to require their removal and
to cause Lessee to become the owner thereof as hereinafter provided in this
Paragraph 7.4, all Alterations and Utility Installations made to the Premises
by Lessee shall be the property of and owned by Lessee, but considered as part
of the Premises, Lessor may, at any time and his option, elect in writing to
lessee to be the owner of all or any specified part of the lessee owned
Alterations and Utility Installations. Unless otherwise instructed per
Subparagraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations, shall, at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease,
become the property of Lessor and remain upon the Premises and be surrendered
with the Premises by Lessee.

          (b) Removal, Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Lessor may require
that any or all Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility Installations be removed by
the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, notwithstanding that their
installation may have been consented to the Lessor. Lessor may require the
removal at any time of all or any part of any Alterations or Utility
Installations made without the required consent of Lessor.

          (c) Surrender/Restoration, Lessee shall surrender the Premises by the
end of the last day of the Lease term or any earlier termination date, clean and
free of debris and in good operating order, condition and state of repair,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Ordinary wear and tear shall not include any
damage or deterioration that would have been prevented by good maintenance
practice or by Lessee performing all of its obligations under this Lease. Except
as otherwise agreed or specified herein, the Premises, as surrendered shall
include the Alterations and Utility Installations. The obligation of Lessee
shall include the repair of any damage occasioned by the Installation,
maintenance or removal of Lessee's Trade Fixtures, furnishing, equipment, and
Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, as well as the removal of
any storage tank installed by or for Lessee, and the removal, replacement, or
remediation of any soil, material or ground water contaminated by Lessee, all
as may then be required by Applicable Requirements and/or good practice.
Lessee's Trade Fixtures shall remain the property of Lessee and shall be removed
by Lessee subject to its obligation to repair and restore the Premises per this
Lease.

8. Insurance; Indemnity.

     8.1 Payment of Premiums. The cost of the premiums for the insurance
policies maintained by Lessor under this Paragraph 8 shall be a Common Area
Operating Expense pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 hereof. Premiums for policy periods
commencing prior to, or extending beyond, the term of this Lease shall be
prorated to coincide with the corresponding Commencement Date or Expiration
Date.

     8.2 Liability Insurance.

          (a) Carried by Lessee. Lessee shall obtain and keep in force during
the term of this Lease a Commercial General Liability Policy of Insurance
protecting Lessee, Lessor and any Lender(s) whose names have been provided to
Lessee in writing (as additional insureds) against claims for bodily injury,
personal injury and property damage based upon, involving or arising out of the
ownership use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises and all areas
appurtenant thereto. Such Insurance shall be on an occurrence basis providing
single limit coverage in an amount not less than $ 1,000,000 per occurrence with
an "Additional Insured-Managers or Lessors of Premises" endorsement and contain
the "Amendment of the Pollution Exclusion" endorsement for damage caused by
heat, smoke of fumes from a hostile fire. The policy shall not contain any
intra-insured exclusions as between insured persons or organizations, but shall
include coverage for liability assumed under this Lease as an "Insured Contract"
for the performance of Lessee's Indemnity obligations under this Lease. The
limits of said Insurance required by this Lease or as carried by Lessee shall
not, however, limit the liability of Lessee nor relieve Lessee of any obligation
hereunder. All insurance to be carried by Lessee shall be primary to and not
contributory with any similar insurance carried by Lessor, whose insurance shall
be considered excess insurance only.

          (b) Carried by Lessor. Lessor shall also maintain liability insurance
described in Paragraph 8.2 (a) above, in addition to an not in lieu of, the
insurance required to be maintained by Lessee, Lessee shall not be named as an
additional insured therein.

     8.3 Property Insurance-Building, Improvements and Rental Value

          (a) Building and Improvements. Lessor shall obtain and keep in force
during the term of this Lease a policy or policies in the name of Lessor, with
loss payable to Lessor and to any Lender(s), insuring against loss or damage to
the Premises. Such insurance shall be for full replacement cost, as the same
shall exist from time to time, or the amount required by any Lender(s), but in
no event more than the commercially reasonable and available insurable value
thereof it, reason of the unique nature or age of the improvements involved,
such latter amount is less than full replacement cost. Lessee-Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures and Lessee's personal property shall
be insured by Lessee pursuant to Paragraph 8.4. If the coverage is available and
commercially appropriate, Lessor's policy or policies shall insure against all
risks of direct physical loss or damage (except the perils of floods and/or
earthquake unless required by the Lender), including coverage for any additional
costs resulting from debris removal and reasonable amounts of coverage for the
enforcement of any ordinance or law regulating the reconstruction or replacement
of any undamaged sections of the Building required to be demolished or removed
by reason of the enforcement of any building, zoning, safety or land use laws as
a result of then covered loss, but not including plate glass insurance. Said
policy or policies shall also contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of
any co-insurance clause, waiver of subrogation, and initiation guard protection
causing an increase in the annual property insurance coverage amount by a factor
of not less than the adjusted U.S. Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for
All Urban Consumers for the city nearest to where the Premises are located.

          (b) Rental Value. Lessor shall also obtain and keep in force during
the term of this Lease a policy or policies in the name of Lessor, with loss
payable to Lessor and any Lender(s), insuring the loss of the full rental and
other charges payable by all lessees of the Building to Lessor for one year
(including all Real Property Taxes, Insurance Costs, all Common Area Operating
Expenses and any scheduled rental increases). Said Insurance may provide that in
the event the Lease is terminated by reason of an insured loss, the period of
indemnity for such coverage shall be extended beyond the date of the completion
of repairs or replacement of the Premises, to provide for one full year's loss
of rental revenues from the date of any such loss. Said insurance shall contain
an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any co-insurance clause, and the amount
of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the projected rental income.
Real Property Taxes, Insurance Premium Costs and other expenses, if any,
otherwise payable, for the next 12-month period. Common Area Operating Expenses
shall include any deductible amount in the event of such loss.

          (c) Adjacent Premises. Lessee shall pay for any increase in the
premiums for the property insurance of the Building and for the Common Areas or
other buildings in the Industrial Center if said increase is caused by Lessee's
acts, omissions, use or occupancy of the Premises.

          (d) Lessee's Improvements. Since Lessor is the Insuring Party. Lessor
shall not be required to insure Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
installations unless the item in question has become the property of Lessor
under the terms of this Lease.

     8.4 Lessee's Property Insurance. Subject to the requirements of Paragraph
8.5 Lessee at its cost shall either by separate policy or, at Lessor's option,
by endorsement to a policy already carried, maintain insurance coverage on all
of Lessee's personal property, Trade Fixtures and Lessee-Owned Alterations and
Utility Installations in, on, or about the Premises similar in coverage to that
carried by Lessor as the Insuring Party under Paragraph 8.3 (a). Such Insurance
shall be full replacement cost coverage with a deductible not to exceed $1,000
per occurrence. The proceeds from any such insurance shall be used by Lessee for
the replacement of personal property and the restoration of Trade Fixtures and
Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Upon request from Lessor,
Lessee shall provide Lessor with written evidence that such insurance in force.

     8.5 Insurance Policies. Insurance required hereunder shall be in companies
duly licensed to transact business in the state where the Premises are located,
and maintaining during the policy term a "General Policyholders Rating" of at
least B+, V, or such other rating as may be required by a Lender, as set forth
in the most current issue of "Best's Insurance Guide". Lessee shall not do or
permit to be done anything which shall invalidate the Insurance policies
referred to in.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

this Paragraph 8. Lessee shall cause to be delivered to Lessor, within seven (7)
days after the earlier of the Early Possession Date of the Commencement Date,
certified copies of, or certificates evidencing the existence and amounts of,
the insurance required under Paragraph 8.2(a) and 8.4. No such policy shall be
cancelable or subject to modification except after thirty (30) days' prior
written notice to Lessor. Lessee shall at least thirty (30) days prior to the
expiration of such policies, furnish Lessor with evidence of renewals or
"insurance binders" evidencing renewal thereof, or Lessor may order such
insurance and charge the cost thereof to Lessee, which amount shall be payable
by Lessee to Lessor upon demand.

     8.6 Waiver of Subrogation. Without affecting any other rights or remedies,
Lessee and Lessor each hereby release and relieve the other, and waive their
entire right to recover damages (whether in contract or in lost) against the
other, for loss or damage to their properly arising out of or incident to the
points required to be insured against under Paragraph 8. The effect of such
releases and waivers of the right to cover damages shall not be insured by the
amount of insurance carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable
thereto. Lessor and Lessee agree to have their respective insurance companies
issuing properly damage insurance waive any right to subrogation that such
companies may have against Lessor or Lessee, as this case may be, so long as the
insurance is not invalidated thereby.

     8.7 Indemnity. Except for Lessor's negligence and/or breach of express
warranties, Lessee shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless the
Premises. Lessor and its agents, Lessor's master or ground lessor, partners and
Lenders, from and against any and all claims, loss of rents and/or damages,
costs, liens, judgments, penalties, loss of permits, attorneys' and consultants
fees, expenses and/or liabilities arising out of, involving, or in connection
with, the occupancy of the Promises by Lessee, the conduct of Lessee's business,
any act, emission or neglect of Lessen, its agents, contractors, employees or
invitees, and out of any Default or Breach by Lessee in the performance in a
timely manner of any obligation on Lessee's part to be performed under this
Lease. The foregoing shall include, but not be limited to, the defense or
pursuit of any claim or any action or proceeding involved therein, and whether
or not (in the case of claims made against Lessor) litigated and/or reduced to
judgment. In case any action or proceeding be brought against Lessor by reason
of any of the foregoing matters, Lessee upon notice from Lessor shall defend the
same at Lessors expense by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and Lessor
shall cooperate will Lessee in such defense. Lessor need not have first paid any
such claim in order to be so indemnified.

     8.8 Exemption of Lessor from Liability. Lessor shall not be liable for
injury or damage to the person or goods, wares, merchandise or other property of
Lessor, Lessee's employees, contractors, invitees, customers, or any other
person in or about the Promises, whether such damage or injury is caused by of
results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, or from the breakage,
leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, fire sprinklers, wires,
appliances, plumbing, air conditioning or lighting fixtures, or from any other
cause, whether said injury or damage results from conditions arising upon the
Premises or upon other portions of the Building of which the Premises are a
part, from other sources or places, and regardless of whether the cause of such
damage or injury or the means of repairing the same is accessible or not. Lessor
shall not be liable for any damages arising from any act or neglect of any other
losses of Lessor not from the failure by Lessor to enforce the provisions of any
other lease in the Industrial Center. Notwithstanding Lessor's negligence or
breach of this Lease, Lessor shall under no circumstances be liable for injury
to Lessee's business or for any loss of income or profit therefrom.

9.   Damage or Destruction.

     9.1 Definitions.

          (a) "Premises Partial Damage" shall mean damage or destruction to the
Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility installations, the
repair cost of which damage or destruction is less than fifty percent (50%) of
the then Replacement Cost (as defined in Paragraph 9.1(d) of the Premises
(excluding Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade
Fixtures) immediately prior to such damage or destruction.

          (b) "Premises Total Destruction" shall mean damage or destruction to
the Promises, other than Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility installations, the
repair cost of which damage or destruction is fifty percent (50%) or more of the
then Replacement Cost of the Premises (excluding Lessor-Owned Alterations and
Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures) immediately prior to such damage or
destruction, in addition, damage or destruction to the Building other than
Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures of any
lessees of the Building, the cost of which damage or destruction is fifty
percent (50%) or more of the then Replacement Cost (excluding Lessee-Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures of any lessees of the
Building) of the Building shall, at the option of Lessees, be deemed to be
Premises Total Destruction.

          (c) "Insured Loss" shall mean damage or destruction to the Premises,
other than Lessee Owned Alterations and Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an
event required to be covered by the insurance described in Paragraph 8.3(a)
irrespective of any deductible amounts or overage limits involved.

          (d) "Replacement Cost" shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild the
improvements owned by Lessor at the time of the occurrence to their condition
existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris removal and
upgrading required by the operation of applicable building codes, ordinances or
laws, and without deduction for depreciation.

     (e) "Hazardous Substance Conditions" shall man the occurrence or discovery
of a condition involving the presence of or a contamination by, a Hazardous
Substance as defined in Paragraph 6.2(a), in, on, or under the Premises.

     9.2 Premises Partial Damage - Insured Loss. If Premises Partial Damage that
is an insured Loss Occurs, then Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense, repair such
damage (but not Lessor's) Trade Fixtures or Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations) as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in
full force and effect. In the event, however, that there is a shortage of
insurance proceeds and such shortage is due to the fact that, by reason of the
unique nature of the improvements in the Premises, full replacement cost
insurance coverage was not commercially reasonable and available. Lessor shall
have no obligation to pay for the shortage in insurance proceeds or to fully
restore the unique aspects of the Premises unless Lessee provides Lessor with
the funds to cover same, or adequate assurance thereof, within ten (10) days
following receipt of written notice of such shortage and request therefore. If
Lessor receives said funds or adequate assurance thereof within said ten (10)
day period, Lessor shall complete them as soon as reasonably possible and this
Lessee shall remain in full force and effect. If Lessor does not receive such
funds or assurance within said period. Lessor may nevertheless elect by written
notice to Lessee within ten (10) days thereafter to make such restoration and
repair as is commercially reasonable with Lessor paying any shortage in
proceeds, in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. If
Lessor does not receive such funds or assurance within such ten (10) day period,
and if Lessor does not so elect to restore and repair, than this Lease shall
terminate sixty (60) days following the occurrence of the damage of destruction.
Unless otherwise agreed, Lessee shall in no event have any right to
reimbursement from Lessor for any funds contributed by Lessee to repair any such
damage or destruction, Premises Partial Damage due to flood or earthquake shall
be subject to Paragraph 9.3 rather then Paragraph 9.2. notwithstanding that
there may be some insurance coverage, but the net proceeds of any such insurance
shall be made available for the repairs if made by either Party.

     9.3 Partial Damage - Uninsured Loss. If Premises Partial Damage that is not
an insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or without act of Lessee
(in which event Lessee shall make the repairs at Lessee's expenses and this
Lessor shall continue in full force and effect). Lessor may at Lessor's option,
either (i) repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor's
expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, or
(ii) give written notice to Lessee written thirty (30) days after receipt by
Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such damage of Lessor's desire to
terminate this Lease as of the date sixty (60) days following the date of such
notice. In the event Lessor elects to give such notice of Lessor's intention to
terminate this Lease. Lessee shall have the right within ten (10) days after the
receipt of such notice to give written notice to Lessor of Lessee's commitment
to pay for the repair of such damage totally at Lessee's expense and without
reimbursement from Lessor. Lessee shall provide Lessor with the required funds
or satisfactory assurance thereof within thirty (30) days following such
commitment from Lessor. In such event this Lease shall continue in full force
and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such repairs as soon as reasonably
possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not give such
notice and provide the funds or assurance thereof with in the times specialized
above, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor's notice of
termination.

     9.4 Total Destruction. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, If
Premises Total Destruction occurs (including any destruction required by any
authorized public authority), this Lease shall terminate sixty (60) days
following the date of such Premises Total Destruction, whether not the damage or
destruction is an insured Loss or was caused by a negligent or willful act of
Lessee. In the event, however, that the damage or destruction was caused by
Lessee, Lessor shall have the right to recover Lessor's damages from Lessee
except as released and waived in Paragraph 9.7.

     9.5 Damage Near End of Term, If at any time during the last six (6) months
of the term of this Lease there is damage for which the cost to repair exceeds
one month's Base Rent, whether or not an insured Loss, Lessor may, at Lessor's
option, terminate this Lease effective sixty (60) days following the date of
occurrence of such damage by giving written notice to Lessee of Lessor's
election to do so within thirty (30) days after the date of occurrence such
damage. Provided, however, if Lessee at that time has an exercisable option to
extend this Lease or to purchase the Premises, then Lessee may preserve this
Lease by (a) exercising such option, and (b) providing Lesser any shortage in
insurance proceeds ( or adequate assurance thereof ) needed to make the repairs
on or before the earlier of (i) the date which is ten (10) days after Lessee's
receipt of Lessor's written notice purporting to terminate this Lease, or (ii)
the day prior to the date upon which such option expires. If Lessee duly
exercises such option during such period and provides Lessor with funds (or
adequate assurance thereof) to cover any shortage in insurance proceeds. Lessor
shall, at Lessor's expense repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible and
this Lease shall continue in full force and affect. If Lessee fails to exercise
such option and provide such funds or assurance during such period, then this
Lease shall terminate as of the date set forth in the first sentence of this
Paragraph 9.5.

     9.6  Abatement of Rent; Lessee's Remedies.

          (a) In the event of (i) Premises Partial Damage or (ii) Hazardous
Substance Condition for which Lessee is not legally responsible, the Base Rent,
Common Area Operating Expenses and other charges. If any, payable by Lessee
hereunder for the period during which such damage or condition, its repair,
remediation or restoration continues, shall be abated in proportion to the
degree to which Lessee's use of Premises is impaired, but not in excess of
proceeds from insurance required to be carried under Paragraph 8.3(b). Except
for abatement of Base Rent, Common Area Operating Expenses and other charges, if
any, as aforesaid, all other obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be performed
by Lessee, and Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor for any damage suffered
by reason of any such damage, destruction, repair, remediation or restoration.

          (b) If Lessor shall be obligated to repair or restore the Premises
under the provisions of this Paragraph 9 and shall not commence, in a
substantial and meaningful way, the repair or restoration of the Premises within
ninety (90) days after such obligation shall accrue. Lessee may, at any time
prior to the commencement of such repair or restoration, give written notice to
Lessor and to any Lender of which Lessee has actual notice of Lessee's election
to terminate this Lease on a date not less than sixty (60) days following the
giving of such notice. If Lessee gives such notice to Lessor and such Lenders
and such repair or restoration is not commenced within thirty (30) days after
receipt of such notice, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in
said notice. If Lessor or a Lender commences the repair or restoration of the
Premises within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice, this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect. "Commence" as used in this Paragraph
9.6 shall be mean either the unconditional authorization of the preparation of
the required plans, or the beginning of the actual work on the Premises,
whichever occurs first.

     9.7. Hazardous Substance Condition. If an Hazardous Substance Condition
occurs, unless Lessee is legally responsible therefore (in which case Lessee
shall make the investigation and remediation thereof required by Applicable
Requirements and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, but
subject.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

to Lessor's rights under Paragraph 6.2 (c) and Paragraph 13), Lessor may at
Lessor's option either (i) investigate and remediate such Hazardous Substance
Condition, if required, as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor's expense, in
which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, or (ii) if the
estimated Lessee within thirty (30) days after receipt by Lessor of knowledge of
the occurrence of such Hazardous Substance Condition of Lessor's desire to
terminate this Lease as of the date sixty (60) days following the date of such
notice. In the event Lessor elects to give such notice of Lessor's intention to
terminate this Lease. Lessee shall have the right within ten (10) days after the
receipt of such notice to give written notice to Lessor of Lessee's commitment
to pay for the excess costs of (a) investigation and remediation of such
Hazardous Substance Condition to the extent required by Applicable Requirements,
over (b) an amount equal to twelve (12) times the then monthly Base Rent of
$100,000, whichever is greater. Lessee shall provide Lessor with the funds
required of Lessee or satisfactory assurance thereof within thirty (30) days
following said commitment by Lessee. In such event this Lease shall continue in
full force and effect and Lessor shall proceed to make such investigation and
remediation as soon as reasonably possible after the required funds are
available. If Lessee does not give such notice and provide the required funds or
assurance thereof within the time period specified above, this Lease shall
terminate as of the date specified in Lessor's notice of termination.

     9.8 Termination - Advance Payments. Upon termination of this Lease pursuant
to this Paragraph 9, Lessor shall return to Lessee any advance payment made by
Lessee to Lessor and so much of Lessee's Security Deposit as has not been, or is
not then required to be, used by Lessor under the terms of this Lease.

     9.9 Waiver of Statues. Lessor and Lessee agree that the terms of this Lease
shall govern the effect of any damage to or destruction of the Premises and the
Building with respect to the termination of this Lease and hereby waive the
provisions of any present or future statute to the extent it is inconsistent
herewith.

10.  Real Property Taxes.

     10.1 Payment of Taxes. Lessor shall pay the Real Property Taxes, as defined
in Paragraph 10.2, applicable to the Industrial Center and except as otherwise
provided in Paragraph 10.3, any such amounts shall be included in the
calculation of Common Area Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions
of Paragraph 4.2.

     10.2 Real Property Tax Definition. As used herein, the term "Real Property
Taxes" shall include any form of real estate tax or assessment, general,
special, ordinary or extraordinary, and any license fee, commercial rental tax,
improvement bond or bonds, levy or tax (other than inheritance, personal income
or estate taxes) imposed upon the industrial Center by any authority having the
direct or indirect power to tax, including any city, state or federal
government, or any school, agricultural, sanitary, fire, street, drainage, or
other improvement district thereof, levied against any legal or equitable
interest of Lessor in the industrial Center or any portion thereof. Lessor's
right to rent or other income therefrom, and/or Lessor's business of leasing the
Premises. The term "Real Property Taxes" shall also include any tax, fee, levy,
assessment or charge, or any increase therein, imposed by reason of events
occurring, or changes in Applicable Law taking effect, during the term of this
Lease, including but not limited to a change in the ownership of the Industrial
Center or in the improvements thereon the execution of this Lease, or any
modification, amendment or transfer thereof, and whether or not contemplated by
the Parties. In calculating Real Property Taxes for any calendar year, the Real
Property Taxes for any real estate tax year shall be included in the calculation
of Real Property Taxes for such calendar year based upon the number of days
which such calendar year and tax year have in common.

     10.3 Additional improvements. Common Area Operating Expenses shall not
include Real Property Taxes specified in the tax assessor's records and work
sheets as being caused by additional improvements placed upon the Industrial
Center by other lessees or by Lessor for the exclusive enjoyment of such other
lessees. Notwithstanding Paragraph 10.1 hereof, Lessee shall, however, pay to
Lessor at the time Common Area Operating Expenses are payable under Paragraph
4.2, the entirety of any increase to Real Property Taxes II assessed solely by
reason of Allocations. Trade Fixtures or Utility Installations placed upon the
Premises by Lessee or at Lessee's request.

     10.4 Joint Assessment. If the Building is not separately assessed, Real
Property Taxes allocated to the Building shall be an equitable proportion of the
Real Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within the tax
parcel assessed, such proportion to be determined by Lessor from the respective
valuations assigned in the assessor's work sheets or such other information as
may be reasonably available. Lessor's reasonable determination thereof, in good
faith, shall be conclusive.

     10.5 Lessee's Property Taxes. Lessee shall pay prior to delinquency all
taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property
of Lessee contained in the Premises or stored within the Industrial center. When
possible, Lessee shall cause its Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations. Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all other personal
property so be assessed and billed separately from the real property of Lessor.
If any of Lessee's said property shall be assessed with Lessor's real property,
Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes attributable to Lessee's property within ten
(10) days after receipt of a written statement setting forth the taxes
applicable to Lessee's property.

11. Utilities. Lessee shall pay directly for all utilities and services supplied
to the Premises, including but not limited to electricity, telephone, security,
gas and cleaning of the Premises, together with any taxes thereon. If any such
utilities or services are not separately metered to the Premises or separately
billed to the Premises. Lessee shall pay to Lessor a reasonable proportion to be
determined by Lessor of all such charges jointly metered or billed with other
premises in the Building. In the manner and within the time periods set forth in
Paragraph 4.2(d).

12.  Assignment and Subletting.

     12.1 Lessor's Consent Required.

          (a) Lessee shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign,
transfer, mortgage or otherwise transfer or encumber (collective, "assign") or
sublet all or any part of Lessee's interest in this Lease or in the Premises
without Lessor's prior written consent given under and subject to the terms of
Paragraph 36

          (b) A change in the control of Lessee shall constitute an assignment
requiring Lessor's consent. The transfer, on a cumulative basis, of twenty-five
percent (25%) or more of the voting control of Lessee shall constitute a change
in control for this purpose.

          (c) The involvement of Lessee or its assets in any transaction, or
series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition, financing,
refinancing, transfer, leveraged buy-out or otherwise), whether or not a formal
assignment or hypothecation of this Lease or Lessee's assets occurs, which
results or will result in a reduction of the Net Worth of Lessee, as hereinafter
defined, by an amount equal to or greater than twenty-five percent (25%) of such
Net Worth of Lessee as it was represented to Lessor at the time of full
execution and delivery of this Lease or at the time of the most recent
assignment to which Lessor has consented, or as it exists immediately prior to
said transaction or transactions consulting such reduction, at whichever time
said Net Worth of Lessee was or is greater, shall be considered an assignment of
this Lease by Lessee to which Lessor may reasonably withhold its consent "Net
Worth of Lessee" for purposes of this Lease shall be the net worth of Lessee
(excluding any Guarantors) established under generally accepted accounting
principles consistently applied.

          (d) An assignment or subletting of Lessee's interest in this Lease
without Lessor's specific prior written consent shall, at Lessor's option, be a
Default curable after notice per Paragraph 13.1, or a non-curable Breach without
the necessity of any notice and grace period. If Lessor elects to treat such
unconsented to assignment or subletting as a non-curable Breach. Lessor shall
have the right to either: (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) upon thirty, (30)
days' written notice ("Lessor's Notice"). Increase the monthly Base Rent for the
Premises to the greater of the then fair market rental value of the Premises, as
reasonably determined by Lessor, or one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Base
Rent then in effect. Pending determination of the new law market rental value,
if disputed by Lessee, Lessee shall pay the amount set forth in Lessor's Notice,
with any overpayment credited against the next installment(s) of Base Rent
coming due, and any underpayment for the period retroactively to the
effective date of the adjustment being due and payable immediately upon the
determination thereof. Further, in the event of such Breach and rental
adjustment, (i) the purchase price of any option to purchase the Premises held
by Lessee shall be subject to similar adjustment to the then fair market value
as reasonably determined by Lessor (without the Lease being considered an
encumbrance or any deduction for depreciation or obsolescence, and considering
the Premises at its highest and best use and in good condition) or one hundred
ten percent (110%) of the price previously in effect, (ii) any index-oriented
rental or price adjustment formulas contained in this Lease shall be adjusted to
require that the base index be determined with reference to the index applicable
to the time of such adjustment, and (iii) any fixed rental adjustments scheduled
during the remainder of the Lease term shall be increased in the same ratio as
the new rental basis to the Base Rent in effect immediately prior to the
adjustment specified in Lessor's Notice.

          (e) Lessee's remedy for any breach for any breach of this Paragraph
12.1 by Lessor shall be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive
relief.

     12.2 Terms and Conditions Applicable to Assignment and Subletting.

          (a) Regardless of Lessor's consent, any assignment or subletting shall
not (i) be effective without the express written assumption by such assignee or
sublessee of the obligations of Lessee under this Lease. (ii) release Lessee of
any obligations hereunder, nor (iii) alter the primary liability of Lessee for
the payment of Base Rent and other sums due Lessor hereunder or for the
performance of any other obligations to be performed by Lessee under this lease.

          (b) Lessor may accept any rent or performance of Lessee's obligations
from any person other than Lessee pending approval or disapproval of an
assignment. Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment
nor the acceptance of any rent for performance shall constitute a waiver or
estoppel of Lessor's right to exercise its remedies for the Default or Breach by
Lessee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease.

          (c) The consent of Lessor to any assignment or subletting shall not
constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting by Lessee or to
any subsequent or successive assignment or subletting by the assignee or
sublessee. However, Lessor may consent to subsequent sublettings and assignments
of the sublease or any amendments or modifications thereto without notifying
Lessee or anyone else liable under this Lease or the sublease and without
obtaining their consent, and such action shall not relieve such persons from
liability under this Lease of the sublease.

          (d) In the event of any Default or Breach of Lessee's obligation under
this Lease, Lessor may proceed directly against Lessee, any Guarantors or anyone
else responsible for the performance of the Lessee's obligations under this
Lease, including any sublessee, without first exhausting Lessor's remedies
against any other person or entity responsible therefore to Lessor, or any
security held by Lessor.

          (e) Each request for consent to an assignment or subletting shall be
in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Lessor's determination as to
the financial and operational responsibility and appropriateness of the proposed
assignee or sublessee, including but not limited to the intended use and/or as
reasonable consideration for Lessor's considering and processing the request for
consent. Lessee agrees to provide Lessor with such other or additional
information and/or documentation as may be reasonably requested by Lessor.

          (f) Any assignee of, or sublessee under, this Lease shall, by reason
of accepting such assignment or entering into such sublease, be deemed, for the
benefit of Lessor, to have assumed and agreed to conform and comply with each
and every term, covenant, condition and obligation herein to be observed or
performed by Lessee during the term of said assignment or sublease, other then
such obligations as are contrary to or inconsistent with provisions of an
assignment or sublease to which Lessor has specifically consented in writing.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

     12.3 Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable to Subletting. The
following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by lessee of all or
any part of the Premises and shall be deemed included in all subleases under
this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated therein:

          (a) Lessee hereby assigns and transfers to Lessor all of Lessee's
interest in all rentals and income arising from any sublease of all or a portion
of the Premises heretofore or hereafter made by Lessee, and Lessor may collect
such rent and income and apply same toward Lesser's obligations under this
Lease; provided however, that until a Breach (as defined in Paragraph 13.1)
shall occur in the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease. Lessee
may, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, receive, collect and enjoy the
rents accruing under such sublease. Lessor shall not, by reason of the foregoing
provision or any other assignment of such sublease to Lessor, nor by reason of
the collection of the rents from a sublessee, be deemed liable to the sublessee
for any failure of Lessee to perform and comply with any of lessee's obligations
to such sublessee under such Sublease. Lessee hereby irrevocably authorizes and
directs any such sublessee, upon receipt of a written notice from Lessor stating
that a Breach exists in the performance of Lessee's obligations under this
Lease, to pay to Lessor the rents and other charges due and to become due under
the sublease. Sublessee shall rely upon any such statement and request from
Lessor and shall pay such rents and other charges to Lessor without any
obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Breach exists and
notwithstanding any notice from or claim from Lessee to the contrary. Lessee
shall have no right or claim against such sublessee, or, until the Breach has
been cured, against Lessor, for any such rents and other charges so paid by said
sublessee to Lessor.

          (b) In the event of a Breach by Lessee in the performance of its
obligations under this Lease, Lessor, at its option and without any obligation
to do so, may require any sublessee to attorn to Lessor, in which event Lessor
shall undertake the obligations of the sublessor under such sublease from the
time of the exercise of said option to the expiration of such sublease;
provided, however, Lessor shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security
deposit paid by such sublessee to such sublessor or for any other prior defaults
or breaches of such sublessor under such sublease.

          (c) Any matter or thing requiring the consent of the sublessor under a
sublease shall also require the consent of Lessor herein.

          (d) No sublessee under a sublease approved by Lessor shall further
assignor sublet all or any part of the Premises without Lessor's prior written
consent.

          (e) Lessor shall deliver a copy of any notice of Default or Breach by
Lessee to the sublessee, who shall have the right to cure the Default of Lessee
within the grace period, if any, specified in such notice. The sublessee shall
have a right of reimbursement and _____ from and against Lessee for any such
Defaults cured by the sublessee.

13. Default; Breach; Remedies.

     13.1 Default; Breach. Lessor and Lessee agree that if an attorney is
consulted by Lessor in connection with a Lessee Default or Breach (as
hereinafter defined), $350,000 is a reasonable minimum sum per such occurence
for legal services and costs in the preparation and service of a notice of
Default, and that Lessor may include the cost of such services and costs in said
notice as rent due and payable to cure said default. A "Default" by lessee is
defined as a failure by Lessee to observe, comply with or perform any of the
terms, covenants, conditions or rules applicable to Lessee under this Lease. A
"Breach" by Lessee is defined as the occurrence of any one or more of the
following Defaults, and, where a grace period for cure after notice is specified
herein, the failure by Lessee to cure such Default prior to the expiration of
the applicable grace period, and shall entitle Lessor to pursue the remedies set
forth in Paragraphs 13.2 and/or 13.3:

          (a) the vacating of the Premises without the intention to reoccupy
same, or the abandonment of the premises.

          (b) Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Lease, the failure
by Lessee to make any payment of Base Rent, Lessee's Share of Common Area
Operating Expenses, or any other monetary payment required to be made by Lessee
hereunder as and when due, the failure by Lessee to provide Lessor with
reasonable evidence of insurance or surely bond required under this Lease, or
the failure of lessee to fulfill any obligation under this Lease which endangers
or threatens life or property, where such failure continues for a period of
three (3) days following written notice thereof by or on behalf of Lessor to
Lessee.

          (c) Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Lease, the failure
by Lessee to provide Lessor with reasonable written evidence (in duly executed
original form, if applicable) of (i) compliance with Applicable requirements per
Paragraph 6.3, (ii) the inspection, maintenance and service contracts required
under Paragraph 7.1 (b), (iii) the rescission of an unauthorized assignment or
subletting per Paragraph 12.1 (iv) a Tenancy Statement per Paragraphs 16 or 37,
(v) the subordination or non-subordination of this Lease per Paragraph 30, (vi)
the guaranty of the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease if
required under Paragraphs 1.11 and 37, (vii) the execution of any document
requested under Paragraph 42 (easements), or (viii) any other documentation or
information which Lessor may reasonably require to Lessee under the forms of
this lease, where any such failure continues for a period of ten (10) days
following written notice by or on behalf of Lessor to Lessee.

          (d) A Default by Lessee as to the terms, covenants, conditions or
provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 40 hereof that
are to be observed, complied with or performed by Lessee, other than those
described in Subparagraphs 13.1(a), (b) or (c), above, where such default
continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by or on
behalf of Lessor to Lessee; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessee's
default is such that more than thirty (30) days are reasonably required for its
cure, then it shall not be deemed to be a Breach of this Lease by Lessee if
Lessee commences such cure within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter
diligently prosecutes such cure to completion.

          (e) The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the making of
Lessee of any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of the
creditors; (ii) Lessee's becoming a "debtor" as defined in 11 U.S. Code Section
101 or any successor statute thereto (unless, in the case of a petition filed
against Lessee, the same is dismissed within sixty (60) days); (iii) the
appointment of a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of
Lessee's assets located at the Premises or of Lessee's interest in this Lease,
where possession is not restored to Lessee within thirty (30) days; or (iv) the
attachment, execution or other judicial seizure of substantially all of Lessee's
assets located at the Premises or of Lessee's interest in this Lease, where such
seizure is not discharged within thirty (30) days; provided, however, in the
event that any provision of this Subparagraph 13.1(a) is contrary to any
applicable law, such provision shall be of no force or effect, and shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions.

          (f) The discovery by Lessor that any financial statement of Lessee or
of any Guarantor, given to Lessor by Lessee or any Guarantor, was materially
false.

          (g) If the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease is
guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of a Guarantor's
liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with the terms of
such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor's becoming insolvent or the subject of a
bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor's refusal to honor the guaranty, or (v) a
Guarantor's breach of its guaranty obligation on an anticipatory breach basis,
and Lessee's failure, within sixty (60) days following written notice by or on
behalf of Lessor to Lessee of any such event, to provide Lessor with written
alternative assurances of security, which, when coupled with the then existing
resources of Lessee, equals or exceeds the combined financial resources of
Lessee and the Guarantors that existed at the time of execution of this Lease.

     13.2 Remedies. If Lessee fails to perform any affirmative duty or
obligation of Lessee under this Lease, within ten (10) days after written notice
to Lessee (or in case of an emergency, without notice). Lessor may at its option
(but without obligation to do so), perform such duty or obligation on Lessee's
behalf, Including but not limited to the obtaining of reasonably required bonds,
insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits or approvals. The costs
and expenses of any such performance by Lessor shall be due and payable by
Lessee to Lessor upon invoice therefor, if any check given to Lessor by Lessee
shall not be honored by the bank upon which it is drawn, Lessor, at its own
option, may require all future payments to be made under this Lease by Lessee to
be made only by cashier's check. In the event of a Breach of this Lease by
Lessee (as defined in Paragraph 13.1), with or without further notice or demand,
and without limiting Lessor in the exercise of any right or remedy which Lessor
may have by reason of such Breach, Lessor may:

          (a) Terminate Lessee's right to possession of the Premises by any
lawful means, in which case this Lease and the term hereof shall terminate and
Lessee shall immediately surrender possession of the Premises to Lessor. In such
event Lessor shall be entitled to recover from Lessee: (i) the worth at the time
of the award of the unpaid rent which had been earned at the time of
termination; (ii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the
unpaid rent for the which would have been earned after termination until the
time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves
could have been reasonably avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of award of the
amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time of
award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could be
reasonably avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Lessor for
all the detriment proximately caused by the Lessee's failure to perform its
obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be
likely to result therefrom, including but not limited to cost of recovering
possession of the Premises, expenses of ______. Including necessary renovation
and alteration of the Premises, reasonable attorneys' fees, and that portion of
any leasing commission paid by Lessor in connection with this Lease applicable
to the unexpired term of this Lease. The worth at the time of award of the
amount referred to in provision (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence
shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal
Reserve Bank of San Francisco or the Federal Reserve Bank District in which the
Premises are located at the time of award plus one percent (1%). Efforts by
Lessor to mitigate damages caused by Lessee's Default or Breach of this Lease
shall not waive Lessor's right to recover damages under this Paragraph 13.2. If
termination of this Lease is obtained through the provisional remedy of unlawful
detainer, Lessor shall have the right to recover in such proceeding the unpaid
rent and damages as are recoverable therein; or Lessor may reserve of unlawful
detainer. Lessor shall have the right to recover in such proceeding the unpaid
rent and damages as are recoverable therein; or Lessor may reserve the right to
recover all or any part thereof in a separate suit for such rent and/or damages.
If a notice and grace period required under Subparagraph 13.1(b), (c) or (d) was
not previously given, a notice to pay rent or quit or to perform or quit, as the
case may be, given to Lessee under any statue authorizing the forfeiture of
leases for unlawful detainer shall also constitute the applicable notice for
grace period purposes required by Subparagraph 13.1(b), (c) or (d). In such
case, the applicable grace period under the unlawful detainer statue shall run
concurrently after the one such statutory notice, and the failure of Lessee to
cure the Default within the greater of the two (2) such grace periods shall
constitute both an unlawful detainer and a Breach of this Lease entitling Lessor
to the remedies provided for in this Lease and/or by said statue.

          (b) Continue the Lease and Lessee's right to possession in effect (in
California under California Civil Code Section 1951, 4) after Lessee's Breach
and recover the rent as it becomes due, provided Lessee has the right to sublet
or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations. Lessor and Lessee agree that
the limitations on assignment and subletting in this Lease are reasonable. Acts
of maintenance or preservation, efforts to ____ the Promises, or the appointment
of a receiver to protect the Lessor's interest under this Lease, shall not
constitute a termination of the Lessee's right to possession.

          (c) Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available to Lessor under
the laws or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are located.
/1/


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

          (d) The expiration of termination of this Lease and/or the termination
of Lessee's right to possession shall not relieve Lessee from liability under
any indemnity provisions of this Lease as to matters occurring or accruing
during the term hereof or by reason of Lessee's occupancy of the Premises.

     13.3 Inducement Recapture in Event of Breach. Any agreement by Lessor for
free or abated rent or other charges applicable to the Premises, or for the
giving or paying by Lessor to or for Lessee of any cash or other bonus,
inducement or consideration for Lessee's entering into this Lease, all of which
concessions are hereinafter referred to as "Inducement Provisions" shall be
deemed conditioned upon Lessee's full and faithful performance of all of the
terms covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed or observed by
Lessee during the term hereof as the same may be extended. Upon the occurrence
of a Breach (as defined in Paragraph 13.1) of this Lease by Lessee, any such
Inducement Provision shall automatically be deemed deleted from this Lease and
of no further force or effect, and any rent, other charge, bonus, inducement or
consideration theretofore abated given or paid by Lessor under such an
Inducement Provision shall be immediately due and payable by Lessee to Lessor,
and recoverable by Lessor, as additional rent due under this Lease,
notwithstanding any subsequent cure of said Breach by Lessee. The acceptance by
Lessor of rent or the cure of the Breach which _______ the operation of this
Paragraph 13.3 shall not be deemed a waiver by Lessor of the provisions of this
Paragraph 13.3 unless specifically so stated in writing by Lessor at the time of
such acceptance.

     13.4 Late Charges. Lessee hereby acknowledges that late payment by Lessee
to Lessor of rent and other sums due hereunder will cause Lessor to incur costs
not contemplated by this Lease, the exact amount of which will be extremely
difficult to ascertain. Such costs include, but are not limited to, processing
and accounting charges, and late charges which may be imposed upon Lessor by the
terms of any ground lease, mortgage or deed of trust covering the Premises.
Accordingly, if any installment of rent or other sum due from Lessee shall not
be received by Lessor or Lessor's designee within ten (10) days after such
amount shall be due, than, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, Lessee
shall pay to Lessor a late charge equal to six percent (6%) of such overdue
amount. The parties hereby agree that such late charge represents a fair
reasonable estimate of the costs Lessor will incur by reason of late payment by
Lessee. Acceptance of such late charge by Lessor shall in no event constitute a
waiver of Lessee's Default or Breach with respect to such overdue amount, not
prevent Lessor from exercising any of the other rights and remedies granted
hereunder. In the event that a late charge is payable hereunder, whether or not
collected, for three (3) consecutive installments of Base Rent, then
notwithstanding Paragraph 4.1 or any other provision of this Lease to the
contrary, Base Rent shall, at Lessor's option become due and payable quarterly
in advance.

     13.5 Breach by Lessor. Lessor shall not be deemed in breach of this Lease
unless Lessor fails within a reasonable time to perform an obligation required
to be performed by Lessor. For purposes of this Paragraph 13.5, a reasonable
time shall in no event be less than thirty (30) days after receipt by Lessor,
and by any Lender(s) whose name and address shall have been furnished to Lessee
in writing for such purpose, of written notice specifying wherein such
obligation of Lessor has not been performed; provided, however, that if the
nature of Lessor's obligation is such that more than thirty (30) days after such
notice are reasonably required for its performance, than Lessor shall not be in
breach of this Lease if performance is commenced within such thirty (30) day
period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion.

14. Condemnation. If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the
power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the exercise of said power
(all of which are herein called "condemnation"), this Lease shall terminate as
to the part so taken as of the date the condemning authority takes little or
possession, whichever first occurs. If more than ten percent (10%) of the floor
area of the Premises, or more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the portion of
the Common Areas designated for Lessee's parking, is taken by condemnation,
Lessee may, at Lessee's option, to be exercised in writing within ten (10) days
after Lessor shall have given Lessee written notice of such taking (or in the
absence of such notice, within ten (10) days after the condemning authority
shall have taken possession) terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning
authority takes such possession. If Lessee does not terminate this Lease in
accordance with the foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect
as to the portion of the Premises remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be
reduced in the same proportion as the rentable floor area of the Premises taken
bears to the total rentable floor area of the Premises. No reduction of Base
Rent shall occur if the condemnation does not apply to any portion of the
Premises. Any award for the taking of all or any part of the Premises under the
power of eminent domain or any payment made under threat of the exercise of such
power shall be the property of Lessor, whether such award shall be made as
compensation for diminution of value of the leasehold or Lessee's relocation
expenses and/or Lessee's Trade Fixtures. In the event that this Lease is not
terminated by reason of such condemnation, Lessor shall to the extent of its net
severance damages received, over and above Lessee's Share of the legal and other
expenses incurred by Lessor in the condemnation matter, repair any damage to the
Premises caused by such condemnation authority. Lessor shall be responsible for
the payment of any amount in excess of such net severance damages required to
complete such repair.

15. Brokers' Fees.

     15.1 Procuring Cause. The Broker(s) named in Paragraph 1.10 is/are the
procuring cause of this Lease.

     15.4 Representations and Warranties. Lessee and Lessor each represent and
warrant to the other that it has had no dealings with any person, firm, broker
or finder other than as named in Paragraph 1.10(a) in connection with the
negotiation of this Lease and/or the consummation of the transaction
contemplated hereby, and that no broker or other person, firm or entity other
than said named Broker(s) is entitled to any commission of finder's fee in
connection with said transaction. Lessee and Lessor do each hereby agree to
indemnity, protect, defend and hold the other harmless from and against
liability for compensation or charges which may be claimed by any such unnamed
broker, finder or other similar party by reason of any dealings or actions of
the indemnifying Party, including any costs, expenses, and/or attorneys' fees
reasonably incurred with respect thereto.

16. Tenancy and Financial Statements.

     16.1 Tenancy Statement. Each Party (as "Responding Party") shall within ten
(10) days after written notice from the other Party (the "Requesting Party")
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in writing
in a form similar to the then most current "Tenancy Statement" form published by
the American Industrial Real Estate Association, plus such additional
information, confirmation and/or statements as may be reasonably requested by
the Requesting Party.

     16.2 Financial Statement. If Lessor desires to finance, refinance, or sell
the Premises or the Building, or any part thereof. Lessee and all Guarantors
shall deliver to any potential lender or purchaser designated by Lessor such
financial statements of Lessee and such Guarantors as may be reasonably required
by such lender or purchaser, including but not limited to Lessee's financial
statements for the past three (3) years. All such financial statements shall be
received by Lessor and such lender or purchaser in confidence and shall be used
only for the purposes herein set forth.

17. Lessor's Liability. The term "Lessor" as used herein shall mean the owner or
owners at the time in question of the ___ ____ to the Premises. In the event of
a transfer of Lessor's title or interest in the Premises or in this Lease.
Lessor shall deliver to the transferee or assignee (in cash or by credit) any
unused Security Deposit held by Lessor at the time of such transfer or
assignment. Except as provided in Paragraph 15.3 upon such transfer or
assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid, the prior Lessor
shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the obligations and/or
covenants under this Lease thereafter to be performed by the Lessor. Subject to
the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this Lease to be performed by
the Lessor shall be binding only upon the Lessor as hereinabove defined.

18. Severability. The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way affect the validity of any
other provision hereof.

19. Interest on Past-Due Obligations. Any monetary payment due Lessor hereunder,
other than late charges, not received by Lessor within then (10) days following
the date on which it was due, shall bear interest from the date due at the prime
rate charged by the largest state chartered bank in the state in which the
Premises are located plus four percent (4%) per annum, but not exceeding the
maximum rate allowed by law, in addition to the potential late charge provided
for in Paragraph 13.4.

20. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of
all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties under this Lease.

21. Rent Defined. All monetary obligations of Lessee to Lessor under the terms
of this Lease are deemed to be rent.

22. No Prior or other Agreements; Broker Disclaimer. This Lease contains all
agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter mentioned herein, and
no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective.
Lessor and Lessee each represents and warrants to the Brokers that it has made
and is relying solely upon. its own investigation as to the nature, quality,
character and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease and as
to the nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers have no
responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach
hereof by either Party. Each Broker shall be an intended third party beneficiary
of the provisions of this Paragraph 22.

23. Notices.

     23.1 Notice Requirements. All notices required or permitted by this Lease
shall be in writing and may be delivered in person (by hand or by messenger or
courier service) or may be sent by regular, certified or registered mail or U.S.
Postal Service Express Mail, with postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission
during normal business hours, and shall be deemed sufficiently given if served
in a manner specified in this paragraph 23. the addresses noted adjacent to a
Party's signature on this Lease shall be that Party's address for delivery or
mailing of notice purposes. Either Party may by written notice to the other
specify a different address for notice purpose, except that upon Lessee's taking
possession of the Premises, the Premises shall constitute Lessee's address for
the purpose of mailing or delivering notices to Lessee. A copy of all notices
required or permitted to be given to Lessor hereunder shall be concurrently
transmitted to such party or parties at such addresses as Lessor may from time
to time hereafter designate by written notice to Lessee.

     23.2 Date of Notice. Any notice sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of delivery shown on
the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark thereon. If sent
by regular mail, the notice shall be deemed given forty-eight (48) hours after
the same is addressed as required herein and mailed with postage prepaid.
Notices delivered by United States Express Mail or overnight courier that
guarantees next day


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

delivery shall be deemed given twenty-four (24) hours after delivery of the same
to the United States Postal Services or ______. If any notice is transmitted by
facsimile transmission or similar means, the same shall be deemed served or
delivered upon telephone or facsimile confirmation of receipt of the
transmission thereof, provided a copy is also delivered via delivery or mail. If
notice is received on a Saturday or a Sunday or a legal holiday, it shall be
deemed received on the next business day.

24. Waivers. No waiver by Lessor of the Default or Breach of any term, covenant
or condition hereof Lessee shall be deemed a waiver of any other term covenant
or condition hereof, or any subsequent Default or Breach by Lessee of the same
or any other term, covenant or condition hereof. Lessor's consent to or approval
of, any such act shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the obtaining of
Lessor's consent to, or approval of, any subsequent or similar act by Lessee, or
be construed as the basis of an estoppel to enforce the provision or provisions
of this Lease requiring such consent. Regardless of Lessor's knowledge of a
Default or Breach at the time of accepting rent, the acceptance of rent by
Lessor shall not be waiver of any Default or Breach by Lessee of any provision
hereof. Any payment given Lessor by Lessee may be accepted by Lessor on account
of money or damages due Lessor, notwithstanding any qualifying statements or
conditions made by Lessee in connection therewith, which such statements and/or
conditions shall be of no force or effect whatsoever unless specifically agreed
to in writing by Lessor at or before the time of deposit of such payment.

25. Recording. Either Lessor or Lessee shall, upon request of the other,
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the other a short form memorandum of the
Lease for recording purposes. The Party requesting recordation shall be
responsible for payment of any fees or taxes applicable thereto.

26. No Right To Holdover. Lessee has no right to retain possession of the
Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or earlier termination of
this Lease, in the event that Lessee holds over in violation of this Paragraph
26 then the Base Rent payable from and after the time of the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease shall be increased to two hundred percent
(200%) of the Base Rent applicable during the month immediately preceding such
expiration or earlier termination. Nothing contained herein shall be construed
as a consent by Lessor to any holding over by Lessee.

27. Cumulative Remedies. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed
exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies:
law or in equity.

28. Covenants and Conditions. All provisions of this Leases to be observed or
performed by Lessee are both covenants and conditions.

29. Binding Effect: Choice of Law. This Lease shall be binding upon the Parties,
their personal representatives, successors and assigns and be governed by the
laws of the State in which the Promises are located. Any litigation between the
Parties hereto concerning this Lease shall be _______ in the country in which
the Premises are located.

30. Subordination; Attornment; Non-Disturbance.

     30.1 Subordination. This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall be
subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of trust, or other
hypothecation or security device (collectively "Security Device", now or
hereafter placed by Lessor upon the real property of which the Premises are a
part, to any and all advances made on the security thereof, and to all renewals,
modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof. Lessee
agrees that the Lenders holding any such Security Device shall have no duty,
liability or obligation to perform any of the obligations of Lessor under this
Lease, but that in the event of Lessor's default with respect to any such
obligation. Lessee will give any Lender whose name and address have been
furnished Lessee in writing for such purpose notice of Lessor's default pursuant
to Paragraph 13.5. If any Lender shall elect to have this Lease and/or any
Option granted hereby superior to the lien of its Security Device and shall give
written notice thereof to Lessee, this Lease and such Options shall be deemed
prior to such Security Device, notwithstanding the relative dates of the
documentation or recordation thereof.

     30.2 Attornment. Subject to the non-disturbance provisions of Paragraph
30.3, Lessee agrees to attorn to a Lender or any other party who acquires
ownership of the Premises by reason of a foreclosure of a Security Device, and
that in the event of such foreclosure, such new owner shall not: (i) be liable
for any act or omission of any prior lessor or with respect to events occurring
prior to acquisitions of ownership. (ii) be subject to any offsets of defenses
which Lessee might have against any prior lessor, or (iii) be bound by
prepayment of more than one month's rent.

     30.3 Non-Disturbance. With respect to Security Devices ______ into by
Lessor after execution of this lease, Lessee's subordination of this Lease shall
be subject to receiving assurance (a "non-disturbance agreement") from the
Lender that Lessee's possession and this Lease, including any options to extend
the term hereof, will not be disturbed so long as Lessee is not in Breach hereof
and attorns to the record owner of the Premises.

     30.4 Self-Executing. The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30 shall be
effective without the execution of any further documents; provided, however,
that upon written request from Lessor or a Lender in connection with a sale,
financing or refinancing of Premises, Lessee and Lessor shall execute such
further writings as may be reasonably required to separately document any such
subordination or non-subordination, attornment and/or non-disturbances agreement
as is provided for herein.

32. Lessor's Access: Showing Premises; Repairs, Lessor and Lessor's agents shall
have the right to enter the Premises at any time, in the case of an emergency,
and otherwise at reasonable times for the purpose of showing the same to
prospective purchasers, lenders, or lessees, and making such alterations,
repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises or to the Building, as Lessor
may reasonably deem necessary. Lessor may at any time place on or about the
Premises or Building any ordinary "For Sale" signs and Lessor may at any time
during the last one hundred eighty (180) days of the term hereof place on or
about the Premises any ordinary "For Lease" signs. All such activities of Lessor
shall be without abatement of rent or liability to Lessee.

33. Auctions, Lessee shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, either
voluntarily or involuntarily, any auction upon the Premises without first having
obtained Lessor's prior written consent. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Lease, Lessor shall not be obligated to exercise any standard
of reasonableness in determining whether to grant such consent.

34. Signs. Lessee shall not place any sign upon the exterior of the Premises or
the Building, except that Lessee may, with Lessor's prior written consent,
install (but not on the root) such signs as are reasonably required to advertise
Lessee's own business so long as such signs are in a location designated by
Lessor and comply with Applicable Requirements and the signage criteria
established for the industrial Center by Lessor. The installation of any sign on
the Premises by or for Lessee shall be subject to the provisions of Paragraph 7
(Maintenance, Repairs, Utility installations, Trade fixtures and Alterations).
Unless otherwise expressly agreed herein, Lessor reserves all rights to the use
of the root of the Building, and the right to install advertising signs on the
Building, including the root, which do not unreasonably interfere with the
conduct of Lessee's business: Lessor shall be entitled to all revenues from such
advertising signs.

35. Termination; Merger. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by
Lessor, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Lessee, the mutual
termination or cancellation hereof, as a termination hereof by Lessor for Breach
by Lessor, shall automatically terminate any sublease or lessor estate in the
Promises provided, however. Lessor shall, in the event of any such surrender,
termination or cancellation, have the option to continue any one or all of any
existing sub_____, Lessor's failure within ten (10) days following any such
event to make a written election to the contrary by written notice to the holder
of any such lesser interest, shall constitute Lessor's election to have such
even constitute the termination of such interest.

36. Consents

          (a) Except for paragraph 33 hereof (Auctions) or as otherwise provided
herein, wherever in this Lease the consent of a party is required to an act by
or for the other Party, such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. Lessor's actual reasonable costs and expenses (including but not
limited to architects', attorneys', engineers' and other consultants' fees)
incurred in the consideration of, or response to, a request by Lessee for any
Lessor consent pertaining to this Lease or the Premises, including but not
limited to consents to an assignment a subletting or the presence or use of a
Hazardous Substance, shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor upon receipt of an
invoice and supporting documentation therefore. In addition to the deposit
described in Paragraph 12.2(a). Lessor may, as a condition so considering any
such request by Lessee, require that Lessee deposit with Lessor an amount of
money (in addition to the security Deposit held under Paragraph 5) reasonably
calculated by Lessor to represent the cost Lessor will incur in considering and
responding to Lessee's request. Any unused portion of said deposit shall be
refunded to Lessee without interest. Lessor's consent to any act, assignment of
this Lease subletting of the Premises by Lessee shall not constitute an
acknowledgment that no Default or Breach by Lessee of this Lease exists, nor
shall such consent be damned a waiver of any then existing Default or Breach,
except as may be otherwise specially stated in writing by Lessor at the time of
such consent.

          (b) All conditions to Lessor's consent authorized by this Lease are
acknowledged by Lessee as being reasonable. The failure to specify herein any
particular condition to Lessor's consent shall not preclude the impositions by
Lessor at the time of consent of such further or other conditions as are then
reasonable with reference to the particular matter for which consent is being
given.

37. Guarantor.

     37.1 Form of Guaranty, if there are to be any Guarantors of this Lease per
Paragraph 1.11, the form of the guaranty to be executed by each such Guarantor
shall be in the form most recently published by the American Industrial Real
Estate Association, and each such Guarantor shall have the same obligations as
Lessee under this lease, including but not limited to the obligation to provide
the Tenancy Statement and information required in Paragraph 1_.

     37.2 Additional Obligations of Guarantors. It shall constitute a Default of
the Lessee under this Lease if any such Guarantor fails or refuses, upon
reasonable request by Lessor to give: (a) evidence of the due execution of the
guaranty called for by this Lease, including the authority of the Guarantor (and
of the party signing on Guarantor's behalf) to obligate such Guarantor on said
guaranty, and resolution of its board of directors authorizing the making of
such guaranty, together with a certificate of incumbency showing the signatures
of the persons authorized to sign on its behalf. (b) current financial
statements of Guarantor as may from time to time be requested by Lessor, (c) a
Tenancy Statement, or (d) written confirmation that the guaranty is still in
effect.

38. Quiet Possession. Upon payment by Lessee of the rent for the Premises and
the performance of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on Lessee's
part to be observed and performed under this Lease, Lessee shall have quiet
possession of the Premises for the entire form hereof subject to all of the
provisions of this Lease.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

39. Options

     39.1 Definition. As used in this Lease, the word "Option" has the following
meaning: (a) the right to extend the term of this Lease or to renew this Lease
or to extend or renew any Lease that Lessee has on other property of Lessor; (b)
the right of first refusal to lease the Premises or the right of first offer to
lease the Premises or the right of first refusal to lease other property of
Lessor or the right of first offer to lease other property of Lessor; (c) the
right to purchase the Premises, or the right of first refusal to purchase the
Premises, or the right of first offer to purchase the Premises, or the right to
purchase other property of Lessor, or the right of first refusal to purchase
other property of Lessor, or the right of first offer to purchase other property
of Lessor.

     39.2 Options Personal to Original Lessee. Each Option granted to Lessee in
this Lease is personal to the original Lessee named in Paragraph 1._ hereof, and
cannot be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned or exercised by any person or
entity other than said original Lessee while the original Lessee is in full and
actual possession of the Premises and without the intention of thereafter
assigning or subletting. The Options, if any, herein granted to Lessee are not
assignable, either as a part of an assignment of this Lease or separately or
apart therefrom, and no Option may be separated from this Lease in any manner,
by reservation or otherwise.

     39.3 Multiple Options. In the event that Lessee has any multiple Options to
extend or renew this Lease, a later option cannot be exercised unless the prior
Options to extend or renew this Lease have been validly exercised.

     39.4 Effect of Default on Options.

          (a) Lessee shall have no right to exercise an Option notwithstanding
any provision in the grant of Option to the contrary: (i) during the period
commencing with the giving of any notice of Default under Paragraph 13.1 and
continuing until the noticed Default is cured, or (ii) during the period of time
any monetary obligation due Lessor from Lessee is unpaid (without regard to
whether notice thereof is given Lessee), or (iii) during the time Lessee is in
Breach of this Lease, or (iv) in the event that Lessor has given to Lessee three
(3) or more notices of separate Defaults under Paragraph 13.1 during the twelve
(12) month period immediately preceding the exercise of the Option, whether or
not the Defaults are cured.

          (b) The period of time within which an Option may be exercised shall
not be extended or enlarged by reason of Lessee's inability to exercise an
Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a)

          (c) All rights of Lessee under the provisions of an Option shall
terminate and be of no further force or effect; notwithstanding Lessee's due and
timely exercise of the Option, if, after such exercise and during the term of
this Lease, (i) Lessee fails to pay to Lessor a monetary obligation of Lessee
for a period of thirty (30) days after such obligation becomes due (without any
necessity of Lessor to give notice thereof to Lessee), or (ii) Lessor gives to
Lessee three (3) or more notices of separate Defaults under Paragraph 13.1
during any twelve (12) month period, whether or not the Defaults are cured, or
(iii) If Lessee commits a Breach of this Lease.

40. Rules and Regulations. Lessee agrees that it will abide by, and keep and
observe all reasonable rules and regulations ("Rules and Regulations") which
Lessor may make from time to time for the management, safety, care and
cleanliness of the grounds, the parking and unloading of vehicles and the
preservation of good order, as well as for the convenience of other occupants or
tenants of the Building and the industrial Center and their invitees.

41. Security Measures. Lessee hereby acknowledges that the rental payable to
Lessor hereunder does not include the cost of guard service or other security
measures, and that Lessor shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same.
Lessee assumes all responsibility for the protection of the Premises, Lessee,
its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties.

42. Reservations. Lessor reserves the right, from time to time, to grant,
without the consent or joinder of Lessee, such easements, rights of way, utility
race, ways, and dedications, that Lessor deems necessary, and to cause the
recordation of parcel maps and restrictions, so long as such easements, rights
of way, utility raceways, dedications, maps and restrictions do not reasonably
interfere with the use of Promises by Lessor. Lessee agrees to sign any
documents reasonably requested by Lessor to effectuate any such easement,
rights, dedication, map or restrictions.

43. Performance Under Protest. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any
amount or sum of money to be paid by one Party to the other under the provisions
hereof, the Party against whom the obligation to pay the money is asserted shall
have the right to make payment "under protest" and such payment shall not be
regarded as a voluntary payment and there shall survive the right on the part of
said Party to institute suit for recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged
that there was no legal obligation on the part of said Party to pay such sum or
any part thereof, said Party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much
thereof as it was not legally required to pay under the provisions of this
Lease.

44. Authority. If either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, or general or
limited partnership, each individual executing this Lease on behalf of such
entity represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute and
deliver this Lease on this behalf. If Lessee is a corporation, trust or
partnership. Lessee shall, within thirty (30) days after request by Lessor,
deliver to Lessor evidence satisfactory to Lessor of such authority.

45. Conflict. Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and the
typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled by the typewritten or
handwritten provisions.

46. Offer. Preparation of this Lease by either Lessor or Lessee or Lessor's
agent and submission of same to Lessee or Lessor shall not be deemed an offer to
lease. This Lease is not intended to be binding until executed and delivered by
all Parties hereto.

47. Amendments. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the
parties in interest at the time of the modification. The Parties shall amend
this Lease from time to time to reflect any adjustments that are made to the
Base Rent or other rent payable under this Lease. As long as they do not
materially change Lessee's obligations hereunder. Lessee agrees to make such
reasonable non-monetary modifications to this Lease as may be reasonably
required by an institutional insurance company or pension plan Lender in
connection with the obtaining of normal financing or refinancing of the property
of which the Premises are a part.

48. Multiple Parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if more
than one person or entity is named herein as either Lessor or Lessee, the
obligations of such multiple parties shall be the joint and several
responsibility of all persons or entities named herein as such Lessor or Lessee.


                                                 Initials:  /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------


                                                            /s/ Illegible
                                                            --------------------

                                     -10-

<PAGE>

LESSOR AND LESSEE HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM AND
PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE SHOW THEIR
INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE
TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED. THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF LESSOR AND LESSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE
PREMISES.

          IF THIS LEASE HAS BEEN FILLED IN, IT HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR YOUR
          ATTORNEY'S REVIEW AND APPROVAL. FURTHER, EXPERTS SHOULD BE CONSULTED
          TO EVALUATE THE CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY FOR THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF
          ASBESTOS, UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKS OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. NO
          REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY THE AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL
          REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION OR BY THE REAL ESTATE BROKERS OR THEIR
          CONTRACTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL
          EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH
          IT RELATES; THE PARTIES SHALL RELY SOLELY UPON THE ADVICE OF THEIR OWN
          COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE. IF THE
          SUBJECT PROPERTY IS IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA. AN ATTORNEY FROM
          THE STATE WHERE THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED SHOULD BE CONSULTED.

The parties hereto have executed this Lease at the place and on the dates
specified above their respective signatures.

Executed at:                              Executed at: Align Technology
             --------------------------
on:                                       on: 9/6/01
    -----------------------------------


By LESSOR:                                By LESSEE:

James S Lindsey                           Align Technology, Inc.

---------------------------------------   --------------------------------------


By: /s/ James S Lindsey                   By: /s/ CHRISTIAN SKIELLER
    -----------------------------------       ----------------------------------

Name Printed:  James S Lindsey            Name Printed: CHRISTIAN SKIELLER

Title:                                    Title: V. P. Operations
       --------------------------------


By:                                       By: /s/ Zia Chishti
    -----------------------------------       ----------------------------------

Name Printed:                             Name Printed: Zia Chishti
              -------------------------

Title:                                    Title: CEO
       --------------------------------

Address: 18 Cypress Avenue                Address:
                                                   -----------------------------
         Kentfield, CA 94904
                                          --------------------------------------

Telephone: (415) 453-2583                 Telephone: (408) 470-1291

Facsimile: (415) 453-8465                 Facsimile: (408) 904-5530


BROKER:                                   BROKER:

Executed at:                              Executed at:
            ---------------------------               --------------------------
on:                                       on:
    -----------------------------------        ---------------------------------


By:                                       By:
    -----------------------------------       ----------------------------------

Name Printed:                             Name Printed:
             --------------------------                -------------------------

Title:                                    Title:
      ---------------------------------         --------------------------------
Address:                                  Address:
        -------------------------------           ------------------------------

---------------------------------------   --------------------------------------

Telephone: (   )                          Telephone: (   )
                 ----------------------                    ---------------------
Facsimile: (   )                          Facsimile: (   )
                 ----------------------                    ---------------------

NOTE: These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and
      needs of the Industry. Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing
      the most current form: AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION, 700
      South Flower Street, Suite 600, Los Angeles, CA 90017. (213) 687-8777.

                                     -11-

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT "A"

                                    [GRAPHIC]

                              20,627+/- square feet
                                821 Martin Avenue
                                   Santa Clara

<PAGE>

                                   Addendum to
        Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease -- Modified Net
                                     between
                                James S. Lindsey
                                      and
                             Align Technology, Inc.

     This Addendum is entered into this August 30, 2001, by and between James S.
Lindsey ("Lessor") and Align Technology, Inc. ("Lessee") for Premises located at
821 Martin Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95050.

     This Addendum supplements the Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant
Lease -- Modified Net ("Agreement"), and all "Section" references are to the
numbered paragraphs of the relevant portions of the Agreement.

49. Rent. Base rent to be paid as provided in Section 4.1 shall be as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Month                       Base Rent per month
---------------------------------------   -------------------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>
October 1, 2001 thru September 30, 2002        $25,783.74
October 1, 2002 thru September 30, 2003        $26,815.10       $1.30 per sq. ft.*
October 1, 2003 thru September 30, 2004        $27,846.45       $1.35 per sq. ft.*
   October 1, 2004 thru June 30, 2005          $28,877.80       $1.40 per sq. ft.*
</TABLE>

*    Subject to Lessee's exercise of the option to renew.

50. Notwithstanding paragraph 4.2(a), Lessee shall engage and pay for its own
separate trash service.

51. Lessee shall not embark upon any new penetrations of the roof membrane
without specific written approval by Lessor.

52. Notwithstanding paragraph 4.2(a) (vii), if an insured loss occurs within
Lessee's demised premises, then Lessee shall pay the entire insurance deductible
amount, not to exceed $5000.00. In case of glass breakage upon the premises from
vandalism, Lessee shall pay for the costs of replacement in excess of what is
available from insurance.

53. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Lease, Lessor shall be responsible
to make repairs to the roof membrane at its sole expense and not to be passed
through as an expense to Lessee for the initial Term and Extension Period.

54. Paragraph 13.1 (b) is to be deleted and the following language substituted:

          13.1 (b)(i) The failure by Lessee to make any payment of Base Rent,
Lessee's Share of Common Area Operation Expenses, or any other monetary payment
required to be made by Lessee hereunder as and when due.

          13.1 (b)(ii) Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Lease, the
failure of Lessee to fulfill any obligation under this Lease which endangers or
threatens life or property, where such failure continues for a period of three
(3) days following written notice thereof by or on behalf of Lessor to Lessee.

55. Paragraphs 15.2, 15.3, and 31 of the Lease are hereby deleted.

56. DISCLOSURE: One of the principals of the Premises is a licensed California
real estate agent acting as an agent in this transaction.

57. At the end of Paragraph 6.2 (c), add "The foregoing indemnity does not apply
to any Hazardous Substance or other material which is present in, on or about
the Premises or the Property as of the Commencement Date or such Hazardous
Substance or material which migrates to or under the Premises or the Property
from outside the Property or Premises during the term of this Lease, unless due
to release by Tenant or its employees, agents, contractors and invitees. Lessor
hereby releases Tenant from any liability to Lessor for any such contamination
or release which existed as of the Commencement Date or was caused by someone
other than Tenant, its employees, agents, contractors or invitees."

58. Notwithstanding Paragraph 7.1 (a), Lessee shall not be responsible for a
repair if Lessee can show that the repair is required exclusively because of a
prior use.

59. The consents required of Lessor in Paragraphs 12.1 (a) and (b) shall not be
unreasonably withheld by Lessor.

<PAGE>

60. Paragraph 12.2 (e) line 4, the phrase "or ten percent (10%) of the monthly
Base Rent applicable to the portion of the Premises which is the subject of the
proposed assignment or sublease, whichever is greater" is deleted.

61. Paragraph 12.2 (g) shall be deleted.

62. Paragraph 12.2 (h) shall be deleted and the following language substituted:
Lessor, as a condition to giving its consent to any assignment or subletting,
may require that Lessee pay to Lessor fifty percent (50%) of sublease profits
after subleasing commissions. In addition, if Lessee proposes to sublease or
assign seventy percent (70%) or more of the building, then Lessor, by written
notice given to Lessee prior to the effective date of the assignment or the
Commencement Date of the Sublease, may cancel this Lease.

63. Paragraph 16.2 shall be modified to the effect that Lessor shall only
require Lessee to furnish a financial statement once in any twelve- (12)- month
period.

64. OPTION TO RENEW. Lessee shall have one (1) option to renew the lease term to
extend the initial lease term to be coterminous with Lessee's existing lease for
881 Martin Avenue. Lessee shall exercise this option by providing written notice
to Lessor no later than ninety (90) days prior to the Termination Date. Base
Rent for the extended term shall be equal to $1.30 per square foot, per month on
a triple net basis, with $0.05 annual increases every year thereafter.

65. Add the following language to the beginning of paragraph 3.1: "Lessee shall
have access to the premises 24 hours per day, 7 days a week".

66. Section 8.8. Insert at the beginning of Section 8.8: "Except to the extent
caused by the willful misconduct of Lessor or persons under Lessor's control."

67. Section 40.0 Insert as the last sentence: "To the extent that there is a
conflict between the terms of this Lease and the Rules and Regulation, the terms
of this Lease shall control."

68. CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. If any repairs or replacements of existing buildings,
equipment or facilities (i.e., HVAC components, roof membrane, parking lot) are
required during the term, or any improvements are required to comply with laws
enacted after the commencement date, and such repairs, replacements and/or
improvements constitute capital expenditures under generally accepted accounting
principles, the cost of such repair, replacement or improvements will be fully
amortized over the useful life of the item and only the monthly amortized cost
of any such item will be included in operating expenses monthly. Lessee shall
only be responsible for maintenance and repair costs to the HVAC system, not to
exceed Four Thousand and 00/100ths Dollars ($4,000.00) per year. The provisions
of this section shall apply to the initial Term of the Lease and to any
Extension Period. If, during any year, less than Four Thousand and 00/100ths
Dollars ($4,000.00) is paid by Lessee, then the difference shall be accumulated
to Lessee's liability under this paragraph. If, during any year, HVAC repair and
maintenance costs exceed Lessee's liability under this paragraph, the difference
may be recaptured in the following year, to the extent that Lessee's liability
is less than Four Thousand and 00/100ths Dollars ($4,000.00).

69. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Sections 6.4 or 32 or
elsewhere in this Lease, except in case of emergency, neither Lessor nor any
parties under Lessor's control shall not enter onto the Premises unless (i)
Lessor has given Lessee at least 24 hours' prior notice (ii) Lessor has complied
and shall comply with Lessee's security requirement (which Lessor acknowledges
will be extensive, due to the extremely sensitive and confidential nature of
Lessee's business), which nay include but are not limited to the requirement
that a representative of Lessee accompany Lessor or the parties under Lessor's
control when in certain parts of the premises.

70. The terms of Article 12 of this Lease and Articles 59 through 62 of this
Addendum also shall not apple to any assignment or other transfer to an entity
which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Lessee or any
successor to Lessee or which succeeds, to substantially all of Lessee's assets
and business by merger, consolidation, reorganization or purchase.

71. ALTERATIONS BY LESSEE. Lessor agrees to grant to Lessee, at Lessee's
expense, the right to make such non-structural alterations to the Premises as
are necessary for the conduct of Lessee's business. Prior to the commencement of
any work, written consent from Lessor must be obtained, but Lessor agrees not to
unreasonably withhold such consent.

72. Section 4.2(a)(iv). The phrase "Reasonable amounts of" shall be inserted
before the text of Section 4.2(a)(iv).

73. Section 7.4(c). The following sentence shall be inserted after the first
sentence of Section 7.4(c): "Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Lease is
terminated due to damage pursuant to the terms of Article 9, Lessee shall not be
required to repair any damage to the Premises due to casualty upon surrender of
the Premises to Lessor."

<PAGE>

74. Lessee has deposited a security deposit of One Million One Hundred
Seventy-five Thousand and 0O/100ths Dollars ($1,175,000.00) with Lessor as
security for the lease of the premises at 881 Martin Ave (the "881 Martin
Deposit"). Upon the happening of any event which would entitle Lessor to use or
apply monies from a security deposit pursuant to paragraph 5 of this lease,
Lessor will be entitled to use, apply, or retain funds from the 881 Martin
Deposit and thereafter require Lessee to restore the 881 Martin Deposit pursuant
to Paragraph 5 of this lease.

75. PROPERTY CONDITION/TENANT IMPROVEMENTS. Lessor shall provide and pay for the
following improvements prior to the Commencement Date:
     1)   Repair/replace damaged light fixtures and bulbs
     2)   Repair/replace damaged and/or stained ceiling tiles
     3)   Repair/replace damaged and/or stained window coverings/blinds
     4)   Repair/align all ceiling tile grid.

In Witness Whereof, Align Technology, Inc., and Lessor have executed this
Addendum to the Agreement as of the date first written above.

LESSOR:                                    LESSEE: Align Technology, Inc.


By: /s/ James S. Lindsey                   By: /s/ CHRISTIAN SKIELLER
    ---------------------------------          ---------------------------------
        James S. Lindsey                   Name: CHRISTIAN SKIELLER

Date: 9-10-01                              Title: V. P. Operations

                                           Date: 9-6-01


                                           By: /s/ Zia Chishti
                                               ---------------------------------
                                           Name: Zia Chishti

                                           Title: CEO

                                           Date: 9/10/01

CONSULT YOUR PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS: THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR
SUBMISSION TO YOUR ATTORNEY, TAX ACCOUNTANT, GEOLOGIST OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL
ADVISOR FOR APPROVAL FROM THE STANDPOINT OF PROTECTION OF YOUR INTERESTS AND
RIGHTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY CPS THE COMMERCIAL
PROPERTY SERVICES COMPANY, OR ITS AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE LEGAL
SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE
TRANSACTION RELATING THERETO. ADDRESS THESE QUESTIONS TO YOUR ATTORNEY AND/OR
OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
