<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>b45348fpexv10w19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.19 AMENDMENT TO LEASE OF MANKATO, MINNESOTA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.19


                                LEASE AMENDMENT

     THIS LEASE AMENDMENT is made and entered into as of this 16th day of
March, 2000, by and between Premier Drive Properties, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company ("Landlord") and FirePond, Inc. ("FirePond") a
Delaware corporation ("Tenant").

     WHEREAS, the parties are Landlord and Tenant respectively in the Lease
Agreement dated December 2, 1998, ("Lease Agreement") in regard to the Premises
located at 1983 Premier Drive, Mankato, Minnesota, USA. The real estate of
which the Premises is a part is legally defined as follows:

     Lot 2, Block 1, Eastwood Industrial Centre, Blue Earth County, Minnesota;

     WHEREAS, a legal dispute arose between the parties regarding the Lease
Agreement resulting in two lawsuits captioned FirePond, Inc. v. Premier Drive
Properties, L.L.C., venued in the State District Court, Fifth Judicial
District, Court File No. CX-99-1969 and Premier Drive Properties, L.L.C. v.
FirePond, Inc., venued in the State District Court, Fifth Judicial District,
Court File No. CX-99-2004, wherein both parties asserted claims against one
another (hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Lawsuit");

     WHEREAS, as part consideration for the full and final resolution of the
Lawsuit, which represents a compromise and settlement, the parties have agreed
to the terms and conditions set forth below, which modify and amend the Lease
Agreement only to the extent set forth herein;

     WHEREAS, both parties have independent representation and have voluntarily
agreed to enter into this Lease Amendment after conferring with its respective
attorneys and other professional advisors; and

     WHEREAS, Landlord represents and warrants that the Landlord has not
assigned any rights under the Lease Agreement to any other party and that no
other person or entity of any form has the right to approve or consent in any
manner to the Lease Agreement and the amendments set forth below.

     NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and
adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.   PAYMENT BY TENANT TO LANDLORD OF PAST DUE RENTS

     As a condition precedent to this Lease Amendment, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord the rents due and owing pursuant to the terms, conditions and
obligations found in the Lease Agreement for the months of September, 1999
through March, 2000 in the amount of $364,871.90. The parties agree that this
payment shall constitute payment in full of all Rent, Impositions, and Operating
Expenses due and owing through March 31, 2000 (except for

<PAGE>

any operating expense adjustment for the calendar year 2000 as provided for in
the Lease Agreement). Under no circumstances shall any Impositions, Operating
Expenses or other costs or expenses be charged back to the Tenant including,
but not limited to, such costs or expenses associated with the negotiation of
this Lease Amendment, any costs or expenses associated with the above Lawsuit,
any costs of expenses associated with any sale or other disposition of the
Premises or the real estate of which the Premises is a part including any plans
to remodel, rebuild or refurbish said real estate, or any other such costs and
expenses.

II.  REDUCTION IN PREMISES

     Effective four weeks after the date hereof, Tenant agrees that the
Premises shall be reduced to the space cross-hatched on Exhibit C attached
hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Tenant shall further have no
obligation to insure any of the Landlord's property from and after this date.

III. AMENDMENTS TO LEASE AGREEMENT

     Effective on the date four weeks after the date hereof, the following
shall apply:

     1)   Section 3.3 (a) of the Lease Agreement shall be deleted in its
          entirety and replaced by the following:

          Landlord shall pay or cause to be paid when due, all charges, fees,
          assessments and related costs for public utility services (including,
          without limitation, gas, water, sewer, electricity, light, power,
          cable and other communication services and refuse and garbage
          collection) used, rendered or supplied in connection with the Premises
          throughout the Lease Term. The only utilities payable by Tenant,
          except pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3.3, shall be
          telephone and other communication services, or any other services
          directly contracted for by Tenant.

     2)   Section 4.1 (c) of the Lease Agreement shall be added to the Lease
          which section shall read as follows:

          In accordance with Tenant's agreement to reduce its space in
          conjunction with the settlement of the Lawsuit as noted above,
          Landlord shall construct and finish reasonable improvements to the
          premises, including, but not limited to, walls, doors and security
          measures (similar to the level currently in place), as reasonably
          necessary to ensure that the space that it will occupy is enclosed and
          secure. Landlord shall prepare plans for such improvements and submit
          same for Tenant's approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably
          withheld. The cost for such improvements shall be paid by the
          Landlord. Landlord shall complete such demising walls and other
          improvements necessary to enclose the space cross-hatched on Exhibit C
          within four weeks or as soon as practical of the date of this


                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>
     Lease Amendment, but in all cases prior to any other Tenant occupying any
     part of the building of which the Premises are a part.

     In making any alterations or additions to the building of which the
Premises is a part, Landlord shall not take any action which would adversely
affect Tenant's ability to use the Premises or access the "Premises." In making
alterations for the benefit of the Tenant in accordance with this Lease
Amendment, Landlord shall coordinate any construction with Tenant in order to
cause the least possible disruption to Tenant's operation.

     3) Section 5.1 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the
     following:

     "5.1 LANDLORD'S OBLIGATIONS. Landlord shall:"

     [subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) shall remain intact]

     4) Section 8.1(b)(ii) shall be deleted in its entirety.

     5) Section 13.8 shall be amended such that the address for Tenant shall be:

        FirePond, Inc.
        Office of the General Counsel
        890 Winter Street
        Suite 300
        Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
        Facsimile: 781-487-8450
        Confirmation Number: 781-487-8400

     6) Tenant's monthly obligations in respect to payment of Impositions and
     Operating Expenses shall be limited to Tenant's Share of one-twelfth
     (1/12) of the estimated annual Impositions and Operating Expenses with a
     reconciliation and equitable adjustment within one hundred twenty (120)
     days after the end of each applicable Lease Year.

     7) Section 13.27 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the
     following:

     SECTION 13.27 TENANT PUT. Provided no Event of Default shall exist on the
     date of exercise of Tenant's option herein, Tenant shall have the right to
     elect to terminate this Lease effective on December 1, 2001 (the "Put
     Date") with respect to a portion of the Premises, the size of which Tenant
     may specify, not to exceed fifty percent (50%) of the Premises with notice
     of its election, but, subject to the conditions herein, the location of
     which Landlord shall specify. The applicable location specified by
     Landlord is referred to herein as the "Put Premises". In specifying the
     applicable Put Premises, Landlord shall consult with Tenant, shall act
     reasonably and in good faith and shall endeavor to take into account
     concerns regarding


                                     - 3 -

<PAGE>
     contiguity, leasehold improvements, Tenant's operational needs, a balance
     of interior and exterior space and a balance of finished and unfinished
     space. The Put Premises shall not include the systems network room of the
     Tenant, unless agreed to in writing by the Tenant. Tenant must provide no
     less than three months written notice prior to December 1, 2001 of its
     exercise of this Put. Such election, once made by Tenant pursuant to the
     notice provisions set forth herein, shall be irrevocable. If Tenant does
     not make such election, Tenant shall have no further rights under this
     section. On or before the Put Date, Tenant shall remove itself from
     possession of the applicable Put Premises and, with respect to such Put
     Premises, comply with all other provisions of this Lease applicable upon
     expiration of the Lease Term. From and after the applicable Put Date, the
     term "Premises" shall mean the Premises other than the applicable Put
     Premises. On the applicable Put Date, the amount of Base Rent to be paid by
     the Tenant and Tenant's Share shall be adjusted to properly reflect the
     reduction in the size of the Premises by the size of the applicable Put
     Premises. After exercise of the Put and prior to the Put Date, Landlord
     shall, at its sole cost and expense, construct demising walls doors,
     corridors, security measures and related work as reasonably necessary to
     properly separate and divide and provide security for the resulting
     Premises.

     8)   Section 13.28 shall be deleted in its entirety.

     9)   Section 13.29 shall be deleted in its entirety.

     10)  Schedule "1" Definitions, subsection (u) shall be deleted in its
     entirety and replaced by the following:

     "LEASE TERM" shall mean the period from the Commencement Date through and
     including November 30, 2003 unless the Landlord and Tenant mutually agree
     in writing to change this definition."

     11) Schedule "1" Definitions, subsection (z) shall be deleted in its
     entirety and replaced by the following:

     "PREMISES" shall mean that portion of the Project depicted on Exhibit C (as
     amended and attached hereto) consisting of approximately 21,426 square
     feet, or that area set forth in Section 13.27 hereof in the event the
     Tenant elects to exercise said Put.

     12)  Schedule "1" Definitions, subsection (mm) shall be deleted in its
     entirety and replaced by the following:

     "TENANT" shall mean FirePond, Inc. a Delaware corporation.


                                      -4-


<PAGE>

     13)  Schedule "1" Definitions, subsection (nn) shall be deleted in its
     entirety and replaced by the following:

     "TENANT'S SHARE" shall mean 33%, unless the Tenant exercises the Put set
     forth in Section 13.27 hereof, at which time Tenant's Share shall be
     reduced as provided in Section 13.27 hereof.

     14) Exhibit B, Base Rent shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by
     the attached Exhibit B:

     15) Exhibit C, Depiction of Premises, shall be deleted in its entirety and
     replaced by attached Exhibit C:

     16) Exhibits D, D-1, D-2 and D-3 shall be deleted in their entirety.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease Amendment
as of the day and year first above written.


PREMIER DRIVE PROPERTIES, L.L.C.        FIREPOND, INC.
(LANDLORD)                              (TENANT)


By                                      By  /s/ Thomas F. Carretta
   -------------------------------         ---------------------------------

   Its                                     Its  Secretary
       ---------------------------             -----------------------------

                                     - 5 -

<PAGE>





                                  Exhibit B



     The Base Rent for the duration of the Lease Term shall be $15,515.99 except
as provided in Section 13.27.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>



                                 Exhibit C

       [map with designated premises as agreed to by Landlord and Tenant]



                         [GRAPHIC OMITTED: FLOOR PLAN]





                                      -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
