<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>b45348fpexv10w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13 OFFER LETTER-SOSABURO SHINZO
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.13


October 30, 1998

Sosaburo Shinzo
114 Shinmatsudo-Haitsu
1-1, Shinmatsudo-Kita
Matsudo-Shi, Chiba
Japan 270-0032

Re:   FirePond Offer of Employment

Dear Sosaburo,

On behalf of FirePond (the "Company"), I am pleased to extend to you an offer of
employment on the following terms with FirePond Japan KK:

      Your title shall be President of Japan based in Tokyo, Japan and you shall
      report to Graham Williams, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of
      Europe & Asia. Your start date shall be agreed and confirmed between
      ourselves (the "Commencement Date").

      Your fixed base annual salary will be 24,000,000 YEN, paid in accordance
      with the Company's normal monthly payroll practices. You shall be entitled
      to a commission plan with an annual on-target achievement of 10,000,000
      YEN, payable quarterly. The goals will be mutually established and this
      plan will be formalized within 30 days of employment.

      You will receive 15 days pro-rated vacation commencing your first year of
      employment and 15 days per year thereafter increasing by one day for each
      full employment year (maximum 20 days) plus carried forward unused
      vacation consistent with normal local practices within Japan.

      You shall be entitled to 50,000 stock options. Current exercise price is
      $2.63 per share to be vested in equal annual installments over four years
      in accordance with the FirePond Incorporated 1997 Stock Plan.

      As a company employee you are also eligible to receive the Company's
      pension and insurances benefits consistent with normal local practices
      within Japan, plus a car parking facility.

      You will be entitled to receive 3 months written notice of termination of
      employment from the Company and are required to give 3 months written
      notice of resignation to the Company. If there is a majority change of
      control of the Company and subsequently your position is eliminated or
      equivalent position not offered, then the termination notice period from
      the Company will change to 6 months.

      I have enclosed our Employee Agreement regarding Inventions,
      Confidentiality, and Non-Competition. If you accept this offer, please
      return to myself, a signed copy of this agreement prior to your accepted
      date of employment.
<PAGE>
Page 2
October 30, 1998



      To indicate your acceptance of the Company's offer, please sign and date
      this letter in the space provided below and return it to myself. A
      duplicate original is enclosed for your records. This letter, along with
      the agreement relating to proprietary rights between you and the Company,
      set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any
      prior representations or agreements, whether written or oral. This letter
      may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement, signed by
      the Company and by you.

      We look forward to working with you at FirePond.

Yours sincerely,

FirePond



/s/ GRAHAM WILLIAMS
-------------------
Graham Williams
Senior Vice President and Managing Director
of Europe & Asia

                                       ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO THIS

                                       6 Day of November, 1998



                                       /s/ SOSABURO SHINZO
                                       -------------------
                                       Sosaburo Shinzo

Enclosures: Duplicate Original Letter
            Employee Agreement regarding Inventions, Confidentiality, and Non
            Competition

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
