<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a2106014zex-10_20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.20
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.20

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     THIS AGREEMENT, by and between Jeffrey K. Cordes (the "Employee") and
Apropos Technology, Inc., an Illinois corporation (the "Company"), is made as of
the 27th day of November, 2002.

     In consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and in
consideration of the employment of Employee by the Company, the parties agree as
follows:

     1.  DUTIES AND SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT.

     (a) POSITION. The Company agrees to employ the Employee under the terms of
this Agreement in the position of Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources,
Recruiting and Learning Systems. As SVP, Global HR, Employee shall report to the
President of the Company. The primary duties and responsibilities of the SVP
Global HR are defined in Exhibit A. Exhibit A is intended to demonstrate
Employee's primary duties and responsibilities as envisioned by the President as
of the date hereof. The Employee's duties shall not be limited by this Exhibit.
Accordingly, Employee's responsibilities may be modified, reduced or expanded at
any time to accommodate the Company's needs, consistent with Employee's position
as SVP Global Human Resources of the Company. Employee shall use his best
efforts to fulfill his duties and responsibilities. The Employee commenced
employment with the Company on July 1st, 2001 (the "Commencement Date").

     (b) OTHER ACTIVITIES. During the term of this Agreement, the Employee shall
devote his full business efforts and time to the Company during normal working
hours. Employee shall not be involved in any other activities with an
expectation of profit, other than passive investments, during these hours.

     2.  COMPENSATION.

     (a) BASE SALARY AND BONUS. Beginning on the effective date of this
Agreement, the Employee shall be paid a base salary (the "Base Compensation") of
$170,000, per year, payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll
policies. The President shall review Employee's performance and the Company's
financial and operating results on at least an annual

<Page>

basis and shall report his findings to the Compensation Committee. The
Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, may increase Employee's base
salary as it deems appropriate based on such review.

     (b) BONUS. Employee shall also be eligible for a bonus of $40,000 for each
full fiscal year. The objectives shall be determined by the President on an
annual basis. The bonus shall be due and payable on the 15th day of February of
each year, commencing with February 15th, 2003, if the Compensation Committee,
in the exercise of its reasonable judgment, believes that the objectives have
been obtained. In the event Employee's employment with the Company terminates
for any reason other than pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof (voluntary termination
by the Employee) or 6(b)(ii) hereof (Termination for Cause), Employee shall be
entitled to receive a pro rated bonus for such year, determined by multiplying
the aggregate bonus that he would have earned for the entire year by a fraction
representing the portion of the year during which he was employed. Such bonus
shall be paid on February 15th of the following year. If Employee's employment
with the Company terminates pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof or Section 6(b)(ii)
hereof, Employee shall be deemed to have forfeited his entire bonus for such
year and no such bonus shall be due or payable by the Company.

     (c) STOCK OPTIONS. On the Commencement Date, the Employee received stock
options to purchase an aggregate of 60,000 Common Shares of the Company (the
"Common Shares").

     (d) VACATION. Employee shall be entitled to three (3) weeks paid vacation
during each year of employment. Such vacation shall be taken at a time mutually
convenient for both the Company and the Employee. Unused vacation time may not
be accrued from year to year during the term of this Agreement without the
Company's prior written approval. In the event this Agreement is terminated by
either the Company or the Employee, the Employee shall be paid for any unused,
accrued vacation time. Vacation time is accrued up front, effective the first
day of the calendar year.

     3.  DEFINITIONS. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

     (a) "Termination for Cause" shall mean the termination of employment of
Employee as a result of (i) illegal conduct undertaken by Employee and intended
to result in gain or personal enrichment of Employee, (ii) failure by Employee
to perform, or gross negligence in performing, the duties and obligations of
Employee's employment which failure is not remedied within ten days following
written notice from the Company; (iii) the conviction of Employee of a felony;
(iv) Employee's continued breach of any term of this Agreement after notice and
ten days opportunity to cure, or (v) a breach of the Noncompetition,
Nondisclosure and Developments Agreement of even date herewith between the
Company and Employee.

                                       -2-
<Page>

     (b) "Constructive Termination" shall mean (i) a material reduction in
Employee's salary or benefits not agreed to by Employee (except in connection
with a decrease to be applied because the Company's performance has decreased
and which is also applied to other officers, and excluding the substitution of
substantially equivalent compensation and benefits), or (ii) a material
reduction in Employee's responsibilities (other than as contemplated by, and
consistent with the spirit of, Section 1(a) not agreed to by Employee).

     (c) "Disability" shall mean that the Employee, at the time notice is given,
has been unable to perform his duties under this Agreement for a period of not
less than six (6) consecutive months or for a period of two hundred seventy
(270) days in any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period as the result of his
incapacity due to physical or mental illness. In the event that the Employee
resumes the performance of substantially all of his duties hereunder before the
termination of his employment under Section 6(b)(iii) becomes effective, the
notice of termination shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

     (d) "Voluntary Termination of Employment" shall mean Employee voluntarily
terminates his employment with the Company, unless such termination occurs
within three (3) months following a Constructive Termination.

     4.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

     (a) GENERAL. During the term of his employment under this Agreement, the
Employee shall be entitled to the benefits for which Employee is eligible under
those employee benefit plans (including (without limitation) any pension plans,
savings or profit-sharing plans, stock purchase plans, deferred compensation
plans, supplemental retirement plans, life, disability, health, accident and
other insurance programs) made available to employees generally, and subject in
each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the plan or
program in question and to the determination of any committee or the Board of
Directors administering such plan or program.

     5. BUSINESS EXPENSE AND TRAVEL. During the term of his employment under
this Agreement, the Employee shall be authorized to incur necessary and
reasonable travel, entertainment and other business expenses in connection with
his duties hereunder. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for such expenses
upon presentation of an itemized accounting and appropriate supporting
documentation, all in accordance with the Company's generally applicable
policies.

     6.  TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

     (a) BASIC RULE. The Company agrees to continue the Employee's employment,
and the Employee agrees to remain in the employ of the Company, from the
effective date of this Agreement until the date when the Employee's employment
terminates pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

     (b) TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company may terminate Employee's
employment at any time under the following guidelines:

                                       -3-
<Page>

          (i) TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE. If the Company terminates Employee's
     employment during the term of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever,
     other than Voluntary Termination of Employment, Termination for Cause, or
     termination as a result of Employee's Death or Disability, the provisions
     of Section 7(a) shall apply.

          (ii) TERMINATION FOR CAUSE. If the Company terminates Employee's
     employment for Cause during the term of this Agreement, the provisions of
     Section 7(b) shall apply.

          (iii) TERMINATION ON DEATH OR DISABILITY. If the Company terminates
     Employee's employment as a result of Employee's Death or Disability, the
     provisions of Section 7(c) shall apply.

     (c) VOLUNTARY TERMINATION BY THE EMPLOYEE. The Employee may terminate his
employment voluntarily by giving the Company thirty (30) days' advance notice in
writing, at which time the provisions of Section 7(b) shall apply. The Company
may elect to have such termination effective at a date following such notice but
prior to the expiration of the thirty (30) day period. However, if the Employee
terminates his employment within three (3) months following a Constructive
Termination, the provisions of Section 7(a) shall apply.

     (d) WAIVER OF NOTICE. Any waiver of notice shall be valid only if it is
made in writing and expressly refers to the applicable notice requirement in
this Section 6.

     7.  PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

     (a) PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 7(b)(i) AND CONSTRUCTIVE
TERMINATION. If, during the term of this Agreement, the Employee's employment is
terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) or voluntarily by Employee
within three (3) months following a Constructive Termination, the Employee shall
be entitled to receive the following:

          (i) SEVERANCE PAYMENT. The Company shall continue to pay to the
     Employee his Base Compensation for six (6) months following the date of
     Employee's actual termination of employment (the "Severance Payment"). Such
     Base Compensation amount shall be the Base Compensation determined as of
     the commencement date of this Agreement, and as adjusted in future years by
     the Board of Directors. If employee has not found gainful employment after
     six months from "termination date", employer will pay an additional month
     of base annual pay for up to an additional six months. Employee agrees to
     use reasonable business efforts to locate a new position that is reasonably
     compatible with employees prior position.

          (ii) METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Severance Payment shall be made in
     semi-monthly installments, according to normal payroll schedules.

                                       -4-
<Page>

          (iii) COBRA. The Company will agree to pay Employee's COBRA costs
     during the six (6) months & up to twelve (12) months if gainful employment
     has not yet been found, following the date of Employee's actual termination
     of employment.

          (iv) PAYMENT IN LIEU OF CONTRACT DAMAGES. The Severance Payment shall
     be in lieu of any further payments to the Employee and any further accrual
     of benefits with respect to periods subsequent to the date of the
     employment termination. Notwithstanding, the preceding sentence neither the
     Severance Payment nor any other payments under this Section 7(a) shall
     reduce or offset any benefits the Employee may be entitled to under the
     specific terms of the benefit plans of the Company.

     (b) TERMINATION BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE OR VOLUNTARY TERMINATION. If the
Employee's employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b)(ii) or voluntarily
(other than within three (3) months following a Constructive Termination)
pursuant to Section 6(c), no compensation or payments will be paid or provided
to the Employee for the periods following the date when such a termination of
employment is effective. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Employee's
rights under the benefit plans, the Restricted Stock Award and the Option
Agreements shall be determined under the provisions of those plans and
agreements.

     (c) TERMINATION ON DEATH OR DISABILITY. If the Employee's employment is
terminated because of Employee's Death or Disability (as defined in Section 3(c)
herein), then the Company shall continue to pay to the Employee or his estate,
as the case may be, his Base Compensation for six (6) months following the date
of Employee's actual termination of employment. Employee shall also receive any
severance and disability payments that are provided in the Company's standard
benefit plans, which amounts shall offset and reduce the Base Compensation
otherwise payable under the preceding sentence.

Any payments pursuant to Sections 7(b) or (c) are conditioned on prior execution
by the Employee of a waiver and general release of any known or unknown claims,
in a form requested by the Company.

     8.  NONCOMPETITION, NONDISCLOSURE AND DEVELOPMENTS. As a condition of
employment, concurrently with the execution hereof, Employee agrees to execute
the Noncompetition, Nondisclosure and Developments Agreement set forth in
EXHIBIT B.

     9.  SUCCESSORS.

     (a) COMPANY'S SUCCESSORS. Any successor to substantially all of the
Company's assets shall assume this Agreement and agree expressly to perform this
Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be
required to perform it in the absence of a succession.

                                       -5-
<Page>

     (b) EMPLOYEE'S SUCCESSORS. This Agreement and all rights of the Employee
hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
the Employee's personal or legal representatives, devises and legatees in the
event of Employee's death. Any purported or attempted assignment or transfer by
the Employee of any of the Employee's duties, responsibilities or obligations
hereunder shall be void.

     10. NOTICE. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
personally delivered or three (3) days after being mailed by U.S. registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In the case of the
Employee, mailed notices shall be addressed to him at the home address which he
most recently communicated to the Company in writing in accordance herewith
(provided that no such change shall be effective until actually received by the
Company). In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its
corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of
its President.

     11. TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Agreement shall terminate upon the
earlier of (i) the date that all obligations of the parties hereunder have been
satisfied, or (ii) [four (4)] years from the date of this Agreement. A
termination of this Agreement pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be
effective for all purposes, except that such termination shall not affect (A)
the payment or provision of compensation or benefits on account of a termination
of employment occurring prior to the termination of this Agreement as
contemplated herein, or (B) the rights and obligations of the parties contained
in ancillary agreements hereto or set forth in the Exhibits. No payments under
this Agreement shall be required for any termination of employment occurring
after [four (4)] years from the date of this Agreement.

     12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

     (a) WAIVER. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or
discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Employee and by the President. No waiver by either party of
any breach of, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this
Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition
or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

     (b) WHOLE AGREEMENT. No agreements, representations or understandings
(whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) that are not
expressly set forth in this Agreement or the Exhibits hereto have been made or
entered into by either party with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement shall not supercede any vesting provisions contained in the Option
Agreements. This Agreement shall supersede and control in the event of any
conflict between this Agreement and any other correspondence with the Company.

     (c) CHOICE OF LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Illinois.

                                       -6-
<Page>

     (d) SEVERABILITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or
provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

     (e) NO ASSIGNMENT OF BENEFITS. To the extent permitted by law, the rights
of any person to payments or benefits under this Agreement shall not be made
subject to option or assignment, either by voluntary or involuntary assignment
or by operation of law, including (without limitation) bankruptcy, garnishment,
attachment or other creditor's process, and any action in violation of this
subsection (e) shall be void.

     (f) EMPLOYMENT AT WILL; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES. The Company and the
Employee acknowledge that the Employee's employment is at will, as defined under
applicable law.

     (g) EMPLOYMENT TAXES. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be
subject to withholding of applicable taxes.

     (h) COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one
and the same instrument.

     IN WITNESS THEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the
case of the Company, by its President and Chief Executive Officer, as of the day
and year first above written.

                                           APROPOS TECHNOLOGY, INC.


                                           /s/ Kevin G. Kerns
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Kevin G. Kerns
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

                                           EMPLOYEE


                                           /s/ Jeffrey K. Cordes
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Jeffrey K. Cordes
                                           SVP Global Human Resources

                                       -7-
<Page>

                                    EXHIBIT A

        DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES OF SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, GLOBAL HUMAN
                        RESOURCES, RECRUITING & LEARNING

Responsible for domestic and global Human Resources operations to include:
Recruitment-focusing on technical and sales; Benefits Administration and
negotiations; Compensation planning, Employee Relations; HRIS and
reporting.Specific responsibilities will include:

     -    Develop a strong working relationship with the Senior Management
          team to get their buy-in and support for the programs that you wish to
          initiate and implement;
     -    Continue to develop an industry leading HR program that will help
          the company attract, motivate and retain the most talented and highly
          skilled professionals in the industry;
     -    Manage our recruiting program to secure the very best personnel in
          all areas of the business and to maintain a flow of qualified
          candidates;
     -    Develop a uniform and consistent methodology for reviewing employee
          performance throughout the Company and the requisite performance
          review process to give fair and timely position performance
          assessments;
     -    Create career development programs and educational activities to
          enable employees the opportunity to grow, expand their knowledge base
          and through new skills take on more responsibility;
     -    Facilitate better communication throughout the company and provide
          input and regular feedback to Senior Management that will enable
          improvements to be made in individual departments or to Apropos as a
          whole,
     -    Sponsor corporate and employee activities/events that will help
          foster and promote teamwork throughout the Company and its operating
          departments.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
