<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>q10_exhibit10-22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.22 DEC 31, 2002
<TEXT>

                              Agreement of Sublease


This  Agreement Of Sublease (the  "Sublease") is entered into as of this 5th day
of November,  2002,  between  DIGITALTHINK,  INC., a Delaware  corporation  (the
"Sublessor"), and SAN FRANCISCO UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT, a Political Subdivision
of the State of California (the "Sublessee" or "SFUSD").

                                    RECITALS:

A.  Sublessor  is the tenant  under that  certain  Office  Lease,  including  an
Addendum  attached  thereto (the "Master Lease") dated as of June 18, 1999, with
Bruce J.  Cardinal,  Trustee  of the  Robert  J.  Cardinal  Trust,  (hereinafter
referred to as "Lessor")  (a copy of which  Master  Lease is attached  hereto as
Exhibit A and by this  reference  made a part hereof)  concerning  those certain
premises that are deemed to contain approximately 41,705 rentable square feet of
office  space (the  "Premises")  located  at 1064 & 1098  Harrison  Street  (the
"Building"), California.

B.  Sublessee  desires to sublease  from  Sublessor the entire  Premises  (which
Premises  shall be  hereafter  referred  to as the  "Subleased  Premises"),  and
Sublessor  has agreed to sublease the Subleased  Premises to Sublessee  upon the
terms, covenants and conditions herein set forth.

                                   AGREEMENT:

In consideration of the mutual covenants  contained  herein,  the sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Sublease.  Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein,  Sublessor  hereby
subleases  and demises to Sublessee  and  Sublessee  hereby hires and takes from
Sublessor the Subleased  Premises.  The size of the Subleased Premises contained
in Recital A above is an  approximation,  which the parties  agree is reasonable
and the rental  based  thereon is not  subject  to  revision  whether or not the
actual size is more or less.

2. Use of Subleased Premises. Sublessee covenants and agrees to use the Premises
in accordance  with the provisions of the Master Lease and for no other purposes
and  otherwise in accordance  with the terms and  conditions of the Master Lease
and this Sublease.  Sublessee shall not use, store,  transport or dispose of any
Hazardous  Substances (as defined in the Master Lease) in or about the Subleased
Premises;  provided,  however, that Sublessee may use and store in the Subleased
Premises office supplies and products typically found in an office use which may
contain  Hazardous  Substances,  as long  as  Sublessee  uses  and  stores  such
Hazardous Substances in compliance with all applicable laws.  Sublessee,  at its
sole cost,  shall  comply  with all laws  relating to its use and storage of the
foregoing Hazardous Substances.  Sublessee shall use its reasonable,  good faith
efforts  to not do or  permit  anything  to be done in or  about  the  Subleased
Premises  that would (i)  injure  the  Subleased  Premises,  or (ii)  materially
vibrate,  shake,  overload,  or impair the efficient  operation of the Subleased
Premises or the sprinkler  systems,  heating,  ventilating  or air  conditioning
equipment,  or utilities systems located therein.  Sublessee shall not store any
materials,  supplies, finished or unfinished products, or articles of any nature
outside of the  Subleased  Premises.  Sublessee  shall comply with all rules and
regulations  promulgated  from  time to  time  by  Lessor,  in  accordance  with
Paragraph 66 of the Addendum to the Master Lease.

3.  Term of Sublease.  The term of this Sublease  ("Term") shall commence on the
latest to occur of (the "Commencement  Date") (i) November 5, 2002, and (ii) the
date on which  Sublessor has received  Lessor's  written  consent to an executed
Sublease ("Lessor's  Consent"),  and shall end on August 31, 2009  ("Expiration
Date"),  unless this Sublease is sooner terminated  pursuant to its terms or the
Master Lease is sooner terminated  pursuant to its terms. If Sublessor is unable
to deliver  possession  of the  Subleased  Premises  to  Sublessee  on or before
October 15, 2002, then Sublessor shall not be subject to any liability therefor,
nor shall such failure affect the validity of this Sublease,  or the obligations
of Sublessee  hereunder,  or extend the Term, but in such case,  Sublessee shall
not be obligated to pay Rent (as defined in Paragraph  4.B below) or perform any
other obligation of Sublessee  hereunder until Sublessor delivers  possession of
the Subleased Premises to Sublessee and a copy of the Lessor's Consent. Once the
Commencement Date has been established,  Sublessor and Sublessee shall execute a
commencement  date memorandum  setting forth the  Commencement  Date;  provided,
however,  that the  failure  to  execute  such a  memorandum  shall  not  affect
Sublessee's  liability hereunder.  The parties acknowledge that Sublessee has no
option to extend the Term of this Sublease.
<PAGE>

4. Rent.

(a)  Commencing on the  Commencement  Date and  continuing  throughout the Term,
Sublessee shall pay monthly base rent ("Base Rent") to Sublessor as follows:

                           Months                             Base Rent
                           1-12*                              $41,705.00
                           13-24                              $45,180.42
                           25-36                              $48,655.83
                           37-48                              $52,131.25
                           49-60                              $55,606.67
                           61-72                              $59,082.08
                           73-Expiration Date                 $62,557.50

* (plus any partial month at the commencement of the Term)

As used  herein,  the word  "month"  shall mean a period  beginning on the first
(1st) day of a month and ending on the last day of that  month.  Base Rent shall
be paid on or  before  three  (3) days  prior  to the  first  (1st)  day of each
calendar month during the Term. Rent for any period during the Term which is for
less  than one  month of the Term  shall be a pro rata  portion  of the  monthly
installment  based on a thirty  (30)-day  month.  Rent shall be payable  without
notice or demand and without any  deduction,  offset,  or  abatement,  in lawful
money of the United States of America.  Rent shall be paid directly to Sublessor
at 601 Brannan Street, San Francisco,  California 94107, Attn: Accounts Payable,
or such other address as may be designated in writing by Sublessor.

(b) All monies other than Base Rent required to be paid by Sublessee  under this
Sublease,  including,  without limitation,  (i) "Capital  Expenditures," if any,
under Paragraph 2.3 of the Lease, (ii) replacement  expenditures under Paragraph
7.1(b),  (iii)  insurance  charges under  Paragraph  8.1 of the Lease,  and (iv)
utility charges with respect to utilities serving the Subleased Premises,  shall
be deemed additional rent  ("Additional  Rent") and shall be payable twenty (20)
days after receiving an invoice from Sublessor.  Sublessee and Sublessor  agree,
as a material part of the consideration given by Sublessee to Sublessor for this
Sublease,  that Sublessee shall pay all costs,  expenses,  insurance (subject to
Section 28 below),  taxes (subject to Section 30 below),  maintenance  and other
charges  of every  kind and  nature  accruing  during  the Term and  arising  in
connection  with  the  Master  Lease or the  Subleased  Premises  to the  extent
Sublessee is responsible  for such costs or expenses  under this Sublease,  such
that  Sublessor  shall receive,  as net  consideration  for this Sublease,  full
reimbursement  thereof.  Such costs and expenses  shall be prorated  between the
parties as of the  Commencement  Date. Base Rent and Additional Rent hereinafter
collectively shall be referred to as "Rent".

(c) Upon execution  hereof by Sublessee,  Sublessee shall deposit with Sublessor
prepaid Base Rent  ("Prepaid  Rent") in the sum of  Eighty-Three  Thousand  Four
Hundred  Ten  Dollars  ($83,410.00),  one-half  of which  ($41,705.00)  shall be
applied by Sublessor as a credit against the first  installment(s)  of Base Rent
due under this Sublease,  and the remainder (together with the Security Deposit)
shall be deposited by Sublessor in a separate  interest  bearing  account  (with
interest  accruing  at the  prevailing  rate  for  standard  commercial  banking
accounts at Silicon Valley Bank or any other commercial bank chosen by Sublessor
that has a branch office located in San Francisco,  California) and shall not be
commingled with  Sublessor's  other funds.  Sublessor shall pay to Sublessee any
accrued  interest  or earnings on the  Prepaid  Rent on an annual  basis  within
thirty  (30)  days  after  each  anniversary  of the  Commencement  Date of this
Sublease.  If Sublessee fails to timely satisfy any obligation to pay Rent under
the Sublease,  and such failure remains uncured beyond any notice and applicable
cure  period,  Sublessor  may (but shall not be  obligated  to) apply all or any
portion of the Prepaid Rent toward fulfillment of Sublessee's unperformed rental
obligations. If Sublessor does so apply any portion of the Prepaid Rent deposit,
Sublessor shall provide written notice thereof to Sublessee, and Sublessee shall
replenish the Prepaid Rent deposit at that year's prevailing monthly rental rate
within fifteen (15) days after receiving such notice.  Sublessee  further agrees
to provide to Sublessor  within thirty (30) days after each  anniversary  of the
Commencement  Date,  a  supplemental  deposit  of  Prepaid  Rental  in an amount
sufficient  to make the total Prepaid  Rental  deposit equal to the then current
monthly Base Rent under the Sublease.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
contained  in this  Sublease or the Master  Lease,  Sublessor  acknowledges  and
agrees  that so long as  Sublessee  replenishes  the  Prepaid  Rent  deposit  in
accordance  with  this  Section  4(c),  Sublessor  shall  not have the  right to
terminate the Sublease in the event that  Sublessee  fails to timely satisfy any
obligation to pay Rent. If this Sublease  terminates for any reason prior to the
Expiration  Date,  and after  application  of the Prepaid  Rent by  Sublessor in
accordance  with this  paragraph  any portion of the Prepaid  Rent shall  remain
unused by  Sublessor,  then  Sublessor  shall return such  remaining  portion to
Sublessee within fifteen (15) days.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sublessee
fails to pay Rent or any  other  sums as and when due  hereunder,  or  otherwise
fails to  perform  with  respect to any  provision  of this  Sublease,  and such
failure  continues beyond any notice and applicable cure period,  then, any then
remaining  portion  of  the  Prepaid  Rent  shall  automatically  be  deemed  an
additional  Security  Deposit  and shall be  subject  to,  and may be applied by
Sublessor,  in  accordance  with all of the  terms and  conditions  set forth in
paragraph  4(d);  provided,  however,  that  Sublessor  shall  look first to the
Security  Deposit  before  applying  any  portion  of  the  Prepaid  Rent  as an
additional  Security Deposit to satisfy any amounts owed by Sublessee or damages
incurred by Sublessor as a result of any breach or default  under this  Sublease
by Sublessee.
<PAGE>

(d) Security Deposit. Upon execution hereof by Sublessee, Sublessee shall pay to
Sublessor as the  "Security  Deposit,"  the sum of One Hundred Four Thousand Two
Hundred Sixty-Two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($104,262.50). Sublessor shall deposit
this amount in a separate  interest bearing account with the Prepaid Rent as set
forth in  paragraph  4(c),  and  Sublessor  shall pay to  Sublessee  any accrued
interest or earnings on the Security  Deposit on an annual  basis within  thirty
(30) days after each anniversary of the Commencement Date of this Sublease.  The
Security Deposit shall secure  Sublessee's full and timely performance of all of
its obligations  hereunder.  If Sublessee fails to pay Rent or any other sums as
and when due  hereunder  or  otherwise  fails to  perform  with  respect  to any
provision of this  Sublease,  and such failure  continues  beyond any notice and
applicable cure period, then, Sublessor may (but shall not be obligated to) use,
apply,  or retain  all or any  portion  of the  Security  Deposit  which will be
reasonably  necessary  to pay any sum for which  Sublessee  is  obligated  or to
compensate  Sublessor for any foreseeable or unforeseeable  loss or damage which
Sublessor may suffer thereby including, without limitation, any damage that will
result in the future  through the term of the Sublease,  to repair damage to the
Subleased  Premises,  to clean the Subleased  Premises at the end of the term or
for any loss or damage caused by the act or omission of Sublessee or Sublessee's
officers,  agents,  employees,  contractors  or invitees.  Sublessee  waives the
provisions of California  Civil Code Section 1950.7 and all other  provisions of
law now in force or that  become in force  after the date of  execution  of this
Sublease  that provide  that  Sublessee  may claim from a security  deposit only
those sums  reasonably  necessary to remedy  defaults in the payment of Rent, to
repair damage caused by Tenant or to clean the Subleased Premises. Any such use,
application,  or  retention  shall not  constitute  a waiver by Sublessor of its
right to enforce its other  remedies  hereunder,  at law,  or in equity.  If any
portion of the Security  Deposit is so used,  applied,  or  retained,  Sublessee
shall, within fifteen (15) days after delivery of written demand from Sublessor,
restore said deposit to its original amount.  Sublessee's failure to do so shall
constitute a material  breach of this Sublease,  and in such event Sublessor may
elect,  among or in addition to other  remedies,  to  terminate  this  Sublease.
Sublessor shall not be a trustee of the Security Deposit,  but shall be required
to keep this  deposit  (along with the  Prepaid  Rent)  separate  from its other
accounts.  If Sublessee  fully and  faithfully  performs all of its  obligations
hereunder,  then so much of the Security Deposit as remains shall be returned to
Sublessee  (with payment of interest or earnings  thereon)  within 30 days after
the later of (i) expiration or sooner  termination  of the term hereof,  or (ii)
Sublessee's surrender of possession of the Subleased Premises to Sublessor.

5. Incorporation of Terms of Master Lease.  Except as otherwise provided in this
Sublease,  the terms and  conditions  of this  Sublease  shall  include  various
paragraphs of the Master  Lease,  which are  incorporated  herein and are made a
part  hereof  as if set  forth at  length;  provided,  however,  that:  (i) each
reference in such  incorporated  sections to "Lease" and to "Premises"  shall be
deemed a reference  to this  "Sublease"  and the  "Subleased  Premises"  defined
herein,  respectively;  (ii) each  reference to "Lessor"  and "Lessee"  shall be
deemed a reference  to  "Sublessor"  and  "Sublessee",  respectively,  except as
expressly  set forth  herein;  (iii) with  respect to work,  services,  repairs,
restoration,  insurance or the  performance  of any other  obligation  of Lessor
under the Master Lease, Sublessor shall request the same in writing from Lessor,
as  and  when  requested  to do so  by  Sublessee,  and  shall  use  Sublessor's
reasonable and diligent efforts  (provided  Sublessee pays all costs incurred by
Sublessor in connection  therewith) to obtain  Lessor's  performance,  including
pursuing  all  remedies  provided  in the Master  Lease to  Sublessor  following
Lessor's breach or default under the Master Lease;  (iv) Sublessor shall have no
liability to Sublessee with respect to (a)  representations  and warranties made
by Lessor under the Master Lease, (b) any indemnification  obligations of Lessor
under the Master Lease, or other  obligations or liabilities of Lessor under the
Master Lease with respect to  compliance  with laws,  condition of the Subleased
Premises or Hazardous Substances,  and (c) obligations under the Master Lease to
repair,  maintain,  restore,  or  insure  all or any  portion  of the  Subleased
Premises,  regardless of whether the  incorporation of one or more provisions of
the Master  Lease might  otherwise  operate to make  Sublessor  liable  therefor
(provided,  however,  that  following  written notice from Sublessee of Lessor's
breach or default,  Sublessor  shall  pursue all its  remedies  under the Master
Lease as  provided  in  sections  5(iii) and 8(f) of this  Sublease);  (vi) with
respect to any approval or consent required to be obtained from the Lessor under
the Master Lease, such approval or consent must be obtained from both Lessor and
Sublessor,  and the approval of  Sublessor  not to be  unreasonably  withheld or
delayed;  (vii) in any case where  "Lessee"  is to  indemnify,  release or waive
claims against  "Lessor",  such indemnity,  release or waiver shall be deemed to
run from  Sublessee to  Sublessor;  (viii)  Sublessee  shall pay all consent and
review  fees set  forth  in the  Master  Lease to  Lessor  and  Sublessor;  (ix)
Sublessee shall not have the right to terminate this Sublease due to casualty or
condemnation  unless  Sublessor  has such right under the Master Lease (in which
case, Sublessee shall have the right to terminate this Sublease), and as between
Sublessor and Sublessee only, all insurance proceeds from policies maintained by
Sublessor or  condemnation  awards  received by Sublessor under the Master Lease
shall be deemed to be the  property of  Sublessor;  (x) all "excess  rent" under
subleases and assignments shall be paid to Sublessor; and (xi) in any case where
"Lessee" is to execute and deliver  certain  documents  or notices to  "Lessor",
such  obligation  shall be  deemed  to run from  Sublessee  to both  Lessor  and
Sublessor.
<PAGE>

The  following  sections of the Master Lease are hereby  incorporated  into this
Sublease:

Paragraphs 1.2, 1.8 and 1.9, except all references to "Lessor" in 1.9 shall mean
Lessor, not Sublessor.

Paragraph  2.1, the last  sentence of Paragraph  2.3,  Paragraph 2.3 (a) (except
that the references to "Base Rent" in the first sentence of this Paragraph shall
mean Base Rent as defined in the Master Lease, not as defined in this Sublease),
and Paragraphs 2.3(b) and 2.3(c).

Paragraph 6.1, Paragraphs 6.2(a), 6.2(b), 6.2(c) and 6.2(d),  Paragraphs 6.3 and
6.4.

Paragraphs 7.1(a), 7.1(b), 7.1(c), and 7.2, except all references to "Lessor" in
these Paragraphs shall mean Lessor, not Sublessor. Paragraphs 7.3 and 7.4.

Paragraphs 8.1(a) (except the reference to "Lessor" in the last sentence of this
Paragraph shall mean Lessor, not Sublessor), 8.1(b), 8.2(a)(subject to Paragraph
28, below),  8.2(b)  (except the reference to "Lessor" in this  Paragraph  shall
mean Lessor,  not Sublessor),  8.3(a) (except all references to "Lessor" in this
Paragraph  shall  mean  Lessor,  not  Sublessor);  8.3(c),  8.4(a)  (subject  to
Paragraph 28, below), 8.4(c), 8.5 (subject to Paragraph 28, below), 8.6, 8.7 and
8.8.

Paragraphs  9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4 and 9.5,  except (i) all reference to "Lessor" in
these  Paragraphs  shall mean Lessor,  not Sublessor,  and (ii) the reference to
"three (3) month's  Base Rent" in  Paragraph  9.5 shall mean an amount  equal to
three month's Base Rent under the Master Lease,  not the Sublease;  9.6(a),  9.7
and 9.8.

Article 10, except (i) all references to "Lessor" in this  Paragraph  shall mean
Lessor,  not  Sublessor,  and  (ii) the term  "Commencement  Date" in  Paragraph
10.2(a) shall mean the Commencement Date of the Master Lease, not the Sublease.

Articles 11, 12 and 13 (except Paragraphs 13.4 and 13.6(b) shall be deleted).

Article  14,  except the  reference  to  "Lessor"  in the last  sentence of this
Article shall mean Lessor, not Sublessor.

Article 16, 17 (except the last  sentence of Article 17 shall be  deleted),  18,
19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 27, 28 and 29.

Paragraph  30.1 (except the last sentence of this  Paragraph  shall be deleted),
30.2, 30.3 and 30.4.

Articles 31, 32 (except the references to "Lessor" in the  penultimate  sentence
of this Paragraph shall mean Lessor, not Sublessor),  33, 34, 35, 36, 38, 41, 42
(except all  references  to  "Lessor" in this  Article  shall mean  Lessor,  not
Sublessor), 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48 and 49.

Arbitration Agreement

Addendum  Paragraphs 54. (b), 54(c), 54(d), 60 (the first two sentences only and
except that all reference to "Lessor" shall mean Lessor, not Sublessor),  61, 62
(subject  to  Paragraph  28,  below),  64, 66 and 67 (except all  references  to
"Lessor" in  Paragraph 67 shall mean Lessor,  not  Sublessor,  and any notice of
termination  under Paragraph 67 to Lessor shall be given also to Sublessor,  and
shall constitute effective notice of termination under Paragraph 67).
<PAGE>

6.  Delivery and Repairs.  Sublessor  shall  deliver the  Subleased  Premises to
Sublessee in its current "AS IS" condition;  provided,  however,  that Sublessor
shall be required to deliver the premises in "broom clean" condition.  Sublessor
shall have no obligation  whatsoever to make or pay the cost of any alterations,
improvements  or  repairs  to  the  Subleased   Premises,   including,   without
limitation,  any  improvement  or  repair  required  to  comply  with  any  law,
regulation,  building  code or ordinance  (including,  without  limitation,  the
Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 ("ADA")). Sublessee acknowledges that it
has received and reviewed a copy of the permits and approvals issued by the City
and County of San Francisco in connection with the prior tenant improvement work
performed by Sublessor in the Subleased Premises.

7. Sublessee's Obligations.

(a) Sublessee  covenants and agrees that all  obligations of Sublessor under the
Master Lease, to the extent  Sublessee is obligated to perform such  obligations
by reason of this Sublease, arising from and after the Commencement Date of this
Sublease  shall be done or performed by Sublessee  with respect to the Subleased
Premises, except as otherwise provided by this Sublease.

(b) Sublessee  shall  defend,  indemnify,  protect and hold harmless  Lessor and
Sublessor, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents from and
against any and all claims,  judgments,  causes of action,  damages,  costs, and
expenses  (including  reasonable  attorneys'  and  experts'  fees) or  liability
incurred for any injury or damage to any person or property incurred as a result
of or arising in connection with (i)  Sublessee's  failure to perform any of the
covenants,  agreements,  terms, provisions or conditions contained in the Master
Lease  arising from and after the  Commencement  Date,  which,  by reason of the
provisions of this  Sublease,  Sublessee is obligated to perform,  (ii) the use,
occupancy or  condition of the  Subleased  Premises  during the Term;  (iii) the
negligence  or willful  misconduct of Sublessee or its  employees,  contractors,
agents or  invitees;  or (iv) a breach of  Sublessee's  obligations  under  this
Sublease,  except to the  extent  any of the  foregoing  is caused by the active
negligence or willful misconduct of Lessor and Sublessor. The provisions of this
paragraph 7(b)  shall  survive the  expiration  or earlier  termination  of this
Sublease.

8. Sublessor's Obligations.

(a) Sublessor  represents and warrants to Sublessee that (i) the Master Lease is
in full force and  effect  and has not been  modified,  amended,  terminated  or
changed;  (ii) there are no agreements  between Lessor and Sublessor  related to
the Master Premises and/or Sublessor's use and occupancy thereof, other than the
Master Lease;  (iii)  Sublessor is not in default under the Master Lease and, to
Sublessor's  knowledge,  no event has occurred that, with the passage of time or
giving of  notice,  would  constitute  a default by  Sublessor  under the Master
Lease;  and (iv) to  Sublessor's  knowledge,  Lessor is not in default under the
Master Lease and no event has occurred that,  with the passage of time or giving
of notice, would constitute a default by Lessor under the Master Lease.

(b) Sublessor  agrees that  Sublessee  shall be entitled to receive all services
and repairs to be provided by Lessor to Sublessor under the Master Lease. Except
as set forth in this Sublease, Sublessee agrees that performance by Sublessor of
its obligations  hereunder are conditional upon due performance by the Lessor of
its  corresponding  obligations  under the Master Lease, and Sublessee shall not
make any  claim  upon  Sublessor  for any  damages  which may arise by reason of
Lessor's  default under the Master Lease (unless (i) such default by Lessor is a
result of  Sublessor's  act or  failure to act after its  receipt of  reasonable
prior  written  notice from  Sublessee,  or (ii) within a reasonable  time after
Sublessor  receives written notice from Sublessee of Lessor's breach or default,
Sublessor  fails to reasonably  and diligently  pursue all remedies  provided to
Sublessor in the Master Lease , provided  that  Sublessee  agrees to pay for all
costs incurred by Sublessor in connection  therewith).  Any condition  resulting
from a default by Lessor shall not constitute as between Sublessor and Sublessee
an eviction,  actual or  constructive,  of Sublessee  and no such default  shall
excuse Sublessee from the performance or observance of any of its obligations to
be performed or observed  under this Sublease,  or entitle  Sublessee to receive
any reduction in or abatement of the Rent provided for in this Sublease.

(c) Sublessor  covenants and agrees with  Sublessee  that Sublessor will pay all
fixed rent and additional rent payable by Sublessor pursuant to, and perform all
obligations of Sublessor under, the Master Lease.

(d)  Sublessor  covenants  and  agrees to  forward  promptly  to  Sublessee  any
communications from Sublessor or Lessor related to any alleged breach,  default,
late payment or other failure to perform by Sublessor or Lessor under the Master
Lease, and any communication from Sublessor or Lessor regarding the condition of
the Premises.

(e) Sublessor shall not,  without the prior written consent of Sublessee  (which
consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or delayed),  (i) amend,  modify or
alter the Master Lease in any way that may affect  Sublessee's  occupancy of the
Premises  during the Term or  increase  Sublessee's  obligations  or  materially
impair  Sublessee's  rights under the Sublease;  (ii) do or undertake any act or
thing  which  is,  or with  notice or the  passage  of time  would be, a default
(through no fault of Sublessee or any of its agents,  employees or  contractors)
under the Master Lease or entitle  Lessor to terminate the Master  Lease;  (iii)
grant any  consent or give any  approval  in its  capacity  as lessee  under the
Master  Lease (and each  request for consent or  approval  from Lessor  shall be
promptly  forwarded  by  Sublessor  to  Sublessee);  or (iv)  waive,  settle  or
compromise any default by Lessor under the Master Lease.

(f)  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained  herein,  upon written
notice from  Sublessee  of Master  Lessor's  breach or default  under the Master
Lease, Sublessor shall, at Sublessee's sole cost and expense, use its reasonable
and  diligent  efforts to exercise  all rights or remedies  (including,  without
limitation,  rights of  indemnity)  provided to  Sublessor  as lessee  under the
Master Lease,  and any monetary  award or benefit  received from Lessor shall be
apportioned  between  Sublessor  and  Sublessee  according  to their  respective
damages from such breach or default,  and their contribution to the costs and/or
expenses incurred in connection with exercising such right or remedy;  provided,
however, that Sublessee shall indemnify, defend and hold Sublessor harmless from
all losses and damages incurred by Sublessor as a result of the exercise of such
right or remedy.
<PAGE>

9. Cancellation of Master Lease. In the event of the cancellation or termination
of the Master Lease for any reason whatsoever or of the involuntary surrender of
the  Master  Lease by  operation  of law  prior to the  expiration  date of this
Sublease,  this Sublease shall  automatically  be terminated and Sublessor shall
not be liable to Sublessee by reason thereof unless said termination  shall have
been caused by the default of Sublessor  under the Master Lease through no fault
of Sublessee.

10.  Default.  In the event Sublessee shall be in default of any covenant of, or
obligation  under  this  Sublease,  after  giving  effect to all notice and cure
periods set forth in the Master Lease (including,  without limitation,  a Breach
pursuant to Paragraph 13.1 of the Master Lease),  Sublessor shall have available
to it against Sublessee all of the remedies available to Lessor under the Master
Lease in the event of a similar  default  on the part of  Sublessor  thereunder;
provided,  however,  notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained in this
Sublease or the Master Lease,  Sublessor acknowledges and agrees that so long as
Sublessee  replenishes the Prepaid Rent deposit in accordance with Section 4(c),
Sublessor  shall not have the right to terminate  the Sublease in the event that
Sublessee fails to timely satisfy any obligation to pay Rent under the Sublease.
Sublessee  shall not be in default  under this Sublease if the default is caused
by the breach or default by Lessor  under the Master  Lease,  and such breach or
default  by Lessor is not due to a breach or  default  by  Sublessee  under this
Sublease.  Sublessor  shall have all rights  pursuant to  Paragraph  13.2 of the
Master Lease and all remedies  provided by applicable law.  Sublessor may resort
to its remedies cumulatively or in the alternative.

11. Quiet Enjoyment. So long as Sublessee pays all of the Rent due hereunder and
performs  all  of  Sublessee's  other  obligations  hereunder  in  all  material
respects, Sublessee shall have the right to peaceably and quietly have, hold and
enjoy the  Subleased  Premises,  subject  to the terms  and  conditions  of this
Sublease and the Master Lease.

12.  Brokers.  Sublessor and Sublessee each warrants to the other that no formal
agreement  was  made  by and  between  each  such  party  and a  broker  for the
procuring, execution or delivery of this Sublease. Sublessee and Sublessor agree
that  no  brokers  brought  about  or had any  connection  with  the  procuring,
execution,  or  delivery  of this  Sublease,  and each  party  hereto  agrees to
indemnify  and hold the other  harmless  against  any  claims by any  broker for
services rendered to the indemnifying party in connection with this Sublease.

13. Assignment and Subletting.  Subject to all of the rights of the Lessor under
the Master Lease and the restrictions  contained in the Master Lease,  Sublessee
shall not be entitled to assign, encumber or otherwise transfer this Sublease or
any interest herein,  or to sublet all or any portion of the Subleased  Premises
(collectively,  "Transfer")  without the prior written  consent of Sublessor and
Lessor, which consent may be withheld in the discretion of Sublessor and Lessor.
Consent to one  Transfer  shall not be deemed to be  consent  to any  subsequent
Transfer.  Any Transfer without such consent shall be void and, at the option of
Sublessor,  shall  terminate  this  Sublease.  Notwithstanding  anything  to the
contrary contained in the Master Lease (as incorporated herein), Sublessee shall
pay to Sublessor  all Excess Rents  received by Sublessee.  As used herein,  the
term "Excess  Rents" shall mean all Rents and other  consideration  payable by a
subtenant or assignee to Sublessee in  connection  with the  Transfer,  less any
excess  rent that is payable  to Lessor  pursuant  to the  Master  Lease and any
brokerage  commissions  and reasonable  attorneys' fees incurred by Sublessee in
connection with the Transfer.
<PAGE>

14.  Notices.  Unless five (5) days' prior written notice is given in the manner
set  forth  in this  Paragraph,  the  address  of each  party  for all  purposes
connected  with this  Sublease  shall be the  addresses  set forth below in this
Paragraph.  The  address for Master  Lessor  shall be as set forth in the Master
Lease. All notices,  demands, or communications in connection with this Sublease
shall be considered received when (i) personally delivered;  or (ii) if properly
addressed  and  either  sent  by  nationally  recognized  overnight  courier  or
deposited in the mail (registered or certified,  return receipt  requested,  and
postage  prepaid),  on the date shown on the return  receipt for  acceptance  or
rejection.  All  notices  given to the Lessor  under the Master  Lease  shall be
considered  received only when delivered in accordance  with the Master Lease to
all  parties  hereto at the address  set forth  below.  A copy of each notice to
Sublessee shall be delivered to:

                                    San Francisco Unified School District
                                    Real Estate and Asset Management
                                    135 Van Ness Avenue, Suite 211
                                    San Francisco, CA  94102
                                    Attn: Philip M. Smith

                                    Tel:  (415) 355-6932

                                    Fax:  (415) 241-6552

                                    Email:  psmith@muse.sfusd.edu

A copy of each notice to Sublessor shall be delivered to:

                                    Digital Think, Inc.
                                    601 Brannan Street
                                    San Francisco, California 94107
                                    Attn: Accounts Payable

                                    Fax: (415) 625-4100

15. Captions. The captions of paragraphs of this Sublease are not a part of this
Sublease and shall have no effect upon the construction or interpretation of any
part hereof.

16. Entire Agreement;  Successors and Assigns. This Sublease contains the entire
agreement  between the parties hereto,  and the covenants and conditions  herein
contained,  subject  to the  provisions  as to  Transfer,  apply to and bind the
heirs, successors, executors,  administrators, legal representatives and assigns
of the parties  hereto.  This Sublease may not be amended  except by the written
agreement of all parties hereto.

17. Attorneys' Fees.  In the event of any action or proceeding brought by either
party  against  the other under this  Sublease,  the  prevailing  party shall be
entitled to recover all its costs and expenses,  including,  without limitation,
the fees of its  attorneys  in such action or  proceeding  in such amount as the
court may adjudge reasonable as attorneys fees.

18.  Gender and Number.  Wherever  the context so  requires,  each gender  shall
include any other gender,  and the singular  number shall include the plural and
vice-versa.

19. Cumulative Remedies.  No remedy or election hereunder by either party hereto
shall be deemed exclusive but shall,  wherever possible,  be cumulative with all
other remedies at law or in equity.

20.  Severability.  Any  provision  of this  Sublease  which  shall  prove to be
invalid,  void or illegal shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any other
provision  hereof and all such other  provisions  shall remain in full force and
effect.

21.  Counterparts.  This  Sublease  may be  executed in  counterparts  and shall
constitute an agreement binding on all parties  notwithstanding that all parties
are not  signatories to the original or the same  counterpart  provided that all
parties are furnished a copy or copies  thereof  reflecting the signature of all
parties.

22.  Governing  Law.  This  Sublease  shall be governed  by and in all  respects
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

23.  Right  to Cure  Defaults.  If  Sublessee  fails  to pay any sum of money to
Sublessor  when  due,  or  fails  to  perform  any  other  act on its part to be
performed  hereunder,  then  Sublessor  may, but shall not be obligated to, make
such payment or perform such act. All such sums paid, and all costs and expenses
of performing any such act, shall be deemed Additional Rent payable by Sublessee
to Sublessor upon demand. In addition, Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor interest
on all amounts due, at that interest rate  determined as of the time it is to be
applied that is equal to the maximum  interest  rate  permitted by law, from the
due  date  to and  including  the  date of the  payment,  from  the  date of the
expenditure until repaid.

24.  Condition   Precedent.   This  Sublease  and  Sublessor's  and  Sublessee's
obligations  hereunder are conditioned  upon having obtained the written consent
of the Lessor. If Sublessor has not obtained Lessor's consent within thirty (30)
days after the date of Sublessor's execution of this Sublease,  either party may
terminate  this Sublease by written  notice to the other party given at any time
until such  consent is obtained by  Sublessor,  whereupon  this  Sublease  shall
terminate, Sublessor shall refund promptly to Sublessee any Security Deposit and
prepaid Base Rent paid by Sublessee to  Sublessor,  and neither party shall have
any further rights or obligations hereunder.
<PAGE>

25. Acceptance.  The parties  acknowledge and agree that Sublessee is subleasing
the  Subleased  Premises  on an "AS IS" basis  (subject  to Section 6 above) and
Sublessor has made no  representations or warranties of any kind with respect to
the  condition  of the  Subleased  Premises  or  Sublessee's  ability to use the
Subleased Premises for the permitted uses hereunder. Sublessee hereby represents
to  Sublessor  that (i)  Sublessee  has fully  inspected  the  Premises  and the
physical condition thereof,  including,  without  limitation,  accessibility and
location of utilities and  improvements  and earthquake  preparedness,  which in
Sublessee's  judgment  affect or influence  Sublessee's  use of the Premises and
Sublessee's  willingness to enter into this Sublease,  (ii) Sublessee is relying
on its inspection in subleasing the Premises,  and (iii)  Sublessee has received
no  representations  or warranties with respect to the physical condition of the
Premises or with respect to  Sublessee's  ability to use the Subleased  Premises
for the permitted uses hereunder, on which Sublessee has relied in entering into
this Sublease.

26. Surrender. Prior to Expiration Date or earlier termination of this Sublease,
Sublessee  shall  remove  all of its  trade  fixtures  and  other  property  and
improvements  if and to the extent  required  under the Master Lease and/or this
Sublease  and shall  surrender  the  Subleased  Premises  to  Sublessor  in good
condition,  free of  Hazardous  Substances  caused by  Sublessee  (or any of its
agents, employees,  contractors or invitees),  ordinary wear and tear and damage
or loss from casualty excepted and in the condition required under Paragraph 7.4
of the Master Lease.  If the  Subleased  Premises are not so  surrendered,  then
Sublessee  shall be liable to Sublessor  for all costs  incurred by Sublessor in
returning  the Subleased  Premises to the required  condition.  Sublessee  shall
indemnify,  defend with counsel reasonably acceptable to Sublessor,  protect and
hold  harmless  Sublessor  against any and all claims,  liabilities,  judgments,
causes of  action,  damages,  costs,  and  expenses  (including  attorneys'  and
experts' fees) resulting from  Sublessee's  delay in surrendering  the Subleased
Premises in the condition required,  including,  without  limitation,  any claim
made by any  succeeding  tenant  founded on or  resulting  from such  failure to
surrender.  The  indemnification  set forth in this Paragraph  shall survive the
expiration or earlier termination of this Sublease.

27. Holdover.  The parties hereby acknowledge that it is critical that Sublessee
surrender the Subleased  Premises to Sublessor no later than the Expiration Date
in accordance with the terms of this Sublease. The parties also acknowledge that
the Base Rent rate under this Sublease is significantly  less than the base rent
rate under the Master Lease.  Accordingly,  in the event that Sublessee does not
surrender  the Subleased  Premises by the  Expiration  Date in  accordance  with
Paragraph  27  hereof,  Sublessee  shall  indemnify,  defend,  protect  and hold
harmless Sublessor from and against all costs, loss and liability resulting from
Sublessee's  delay in  surrendering  the  Subleased  Premises and pay  Sublessor
holdover  rent as provided in Article 26 of the Master  Lease,  except that such
holdover rent shall be equal to the amount of holdover rent payable by Sublessor
under the Master Lease.  The  indemnification  set forth in this Paragraph shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Sublease.

28. Insurance; Waiver. Sublessor acknowledges that Sublessee maintains a program
of  self-insurance  and agrees that Sublessee shall not be required to carry any
insurance with respect to this Sublease. Sublessee assumes the risk of damage to
any of Sublessee's personal property.  During any period of self-insurance,  for
all purposes of this Sublease  (including  the waiver of claims and  subrogation
provisions),   Sublessee   shall  be  deemed  to  be  satisfying  the  insurance
obligations of Sublessee hereunder.  Lessor, by providing its written consent to
this Sublease, specifically approves the foregoing.

29.  Furniture.  Sublessor  will provide the  furnishings  and equipment for the
Premises   listed  on  Exhibit  B  attached   hereto  and  made  a  part  hereof
(collectively,  "Furniture").  Sublessee shall repair and maintain the Furniture
in good  condition,  reasonable  wear and tear and damage or loss from  casualty
excepted.  Sublessee  shall surrender the Furniture at the expiration or earlier
termination  of  this  Sublease  in as  good  condition  as  exists  as  of  the
Commencement  Date  (reasonable  wear and tear and damage or loss from  casualty
excepted).  Such  Furniture  will  be  provided  by  Sublessor  in its  "AS  IS"
condition,  with all faults and defects,  and Sublessee shall use such Furniture
at Sublessee's sole risk. No representations or warranties  whatsoever as to the
Furniture's  condition or fitness for a particular purpose,  express or implied,
are made by Sublessor.
<PAGE>

30. Property Taxes.  Sublessee represents to Sublessor that Sublessee,  with the
cooperation of Sublessor and Lessor, shall use its good faith reasonable efforts
to seek an exemption of the Subleased  Premises from property  taxes  (including
supplemental taxes, with the possible exception of special assessments and other
ad  valorem  assessments),  pursuant  to  Article  XIII,  Section  3(d)  of  the
California  Constitution,  as a  result  of the  San  Francisco  Unified  School
District's  exclusive use thereof.  Sublessee will use its good faith reasonable
efforts to secure and  maintain  such tax  exemption  during the Term,  with the
cooperation of Sublessor and Lessor. In the event that Sublessee does not obtain
such tax exemption,  Sublessee agrees to reimburse Sublessor within fifteen (15)
days after receipt of a written request from Sublessor for any property taxes on
the  Subleased  Premises  (including  special  assessments  and other ad valorem
assessments  and any  property  taxes due and  payable  by  Sublessor  to Lessor
pursuant  to Article 10 of the Master  Lease) that for any reason may become due
and  payable  during the Term.  Any such taxes  shall be  prorated  between  the
parties hereto as of the Commencement  Date. In the event that Sublessee pays to
Sublessor any such taxes and later obtains an exemption,  Sublessor shall refund
to Sublessee such amounts as are refunded to Sublessor by Lessor.

In Witness  Whereof,  the parties have  executed this Sublease on the date first
above written.

                Sublessor:Digitalthink, Inc.,
                a Delaware Corporation

                By /s/ Rob Krolik
                   --------------------------------
                Its CFO
                   --------------------------------
                Dated   11/5/02
                   --------------------------------


                Sublessee: San Francisco Unified School District,
                a Political Subdivision of the State of California

                By /s/ Philip M. Smith
                   ---------------------------------
                Its Director of Real Estate
                   ---------------------------------
                Dated   11/5/02
                   ---------------------------------

APPROVED AS TO FORM:

Dennis J. Herrera, City Attorney


By   /s/ Mariam Morley
     -------------------------
     Mariam Morley
     Deputy City Attorney

<PAGE>



                                Consent of Lessor

The undersigned,  Lessor under the above described Master Lease, hereby consents
to the subletting of the Subleased Premises as described herein on the terms and
conditions stated in this Sublease, including without limitation, the provisions
of Paragraphs 28 and 30. By reason of executing  this  consent,  Lessor  further
agrees to provide to Sublessee a copy of any notices, requests or correspondence
delivered  to Sublessor  as tenant  under the Master  Lease,  at the address for
Sublessee set forth in Section 14 of this Sublease.  This consent shall apply to
this Sublease but shall not be deemed to be a consent to any other subleasing of
any part of Sublessor's Premises leased under the terms of the Master Lease.

                      LESSOR:

                      Robert J. Cardinal Trust
                      -----------------------------


                      By /s/ Bruce J.Cardinal
                         ---------------------------
                      Its Trustee
                         ---------------------------
                      Dated 11/8/02
                         ---------------------------

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                                  MASTER LEASE

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                                LIST OF FURNITURE




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
