<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tbii-8k_ex2stockex.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 2.2

THE SECURITIES  WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933 (THE "1933 ACT"),  NOR  REGISTERED  UNDER ANY
STATE SECURITIES LAW, AND ARE "RESTRICTED SECURITIES" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN
RULE 144 UNDER THE 1933 ACT. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR
OTHERWISE  TRANSFERRED  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933
ACT, THE  AVAILABILITY OF WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE  SATISFACTION OF THE
COMPANY.

                   AGREEMENT FOR THE EXCHANGE OF COMMON STOCK

     AGREEMENT  made this 14th day of February,  2003, by and between L.L. Brown
International,  Inc., a Nevada corporation,  (the "ISSUER"), Carolyn Scott Brown
and Lester  Brown  (collectively  "BROWN"),  L.L.  Brown &  Associates,  Inc., a
Washington  corporation  ("LLBA"),  Terra  Block  Consolidated,  Inc.,  a Nevada
corporation  ("TBCI") and for the benefit of the individual  shareholders,  (the
"SHAREHOLDERS"), which SHAREHOLDERS own of all the issued and outstanding shares
of TBCI.

     In  consideration of the mutual promises,  covenants,  and  representations
contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration,

     THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

     1. a. EXCHANGE OF  SECURITIES.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, ISSUER agrees to issue to SHAREHOLDERS, prorata, a total of 8,386,197
shares of the common  stock of  ISSUER,  $0.001  par value  (the  "Shares"),  in
exchange for all the issued and outstanding shares of TBCI, such that TBCI shall
become a wholly owned subsidiary of the ISSUER.

     Additionally,  BROWN agrees to sell to  SHAREHOLDERS,  prorata,  a total of
5,000,000 shares of the common stock of ISSUER,  $0.001 par value for a total of
$1,000.00,  paid in hand,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  is  hereby
acknowledged.

     b. EXCHANGE OF CASH  CONSIDERATION.  Subject to the terms and conditions of
this  Agreement,  TBCI  agrees to pay to LLBA,  the sum of  forty-nine  thousand
dollars ($49,000),  out of which LLBA shall pay the expense of auditing ISSUER's
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 and in exchange
for an  assumption  by  LLBA  of  all  the  contracts,  debts,  obligations  and
liabilities of ISSUER (except  outstanding  indebtedness of ISSUER to Mintmire &
Associates, which LLBA shall not assume).

     2. REVERSE STOCK SPLIT.  ISSUER,  BROWN,  LLBA,  TBCI and  SHAREHOLDERS  do
hereby  consent to and approve of a reverse  split of ISSUER's  common  stock in
connection with this Agreement at a ratio of 1:2, effective February 7, 2003, or
as soon thereafter as approved by the National Association of Securities Dealers
("NASD") and also agree not to conduct  another reverse split of ISSUER's common
stock for a period of at least one year from the date of this Agreement.


                                        1

<PAGE>



     3. SPINOUT OF L.L. BROWN & ASSOCIATES,  INC. Also in exchange for BROWN and
LLBA's assumption of all of the contracts, debts, obligations and liabilities of
ISSUER as of the date of this Agreement (except all outstanding  indebtedness of
ISSUER to Mintmire & Associates,  which LLBA shall not assume),  a hold harmless
and  indemnification  agreement by BROWN and LLBA in favor of ISSUER as attached
hereto as  Exhibit B and a  commitment  by BROWN and LLBA to pay for an audit of
ISSUER's  financial  statements  for the fiscal year ended  December  31,  2002,
ISSUER  agrees to issue to BROWN a number of shares of the common  stock of LLBA
such that LLBA shall cease to be a wholly-  owned  subsidiary of ISSUER and such
that BROWN shall own one hundred  percent  (100%) of the issued and  outstanding
stock of LLBA (the  "SPINOUT").  Upon  completion  of the SPINOUT,  ISSUER shall
change its business plan to that of TBCI.

     4.  REPRESENTATIONS  AND WARRANTIES.  ISSUER,  BROWN and LLBA represent and
warrant to SHAREHOLDERS and TBCI the following:

          i.  Organization.  ISSUER is a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly
     existing,  and in good  standing  under  the  laws of  Nevada,  and has all
     necessary  corporate powers to own properties and carry on a business,  and
     is duly  qualified  to do business and is in good  standing in Nevada.  All
     actions taken by the  Incorporators,  directors and  shareholders of ISSUER
     have been valid and in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.

          ii.  Capital.  The  authorized  capital  stock of ISSUER  consists  of
     20,000,000  shares of common stock,  $0.001 par value, of which  11,613,803
     are  issued  and  outstanding.  All  outstanding  shares are fully paid and
     nonassessable, free of liens, encumbrances, options, restrictions (with the
     exception of Rule 144 requirements) and legal or equitable rights of others
     not a party to this  Agreement.  Following  this closing,  there shall be a
     total of 10,000,000 (postsplit) shares of common stock of ISSUER issued and
     outstanding  and  there  will  be no  outstanding  subscriptions,  options,
     rights,   warrants,   convertible   securities,   or  other  agreements  or
     commitments  obligating  ISSUER to issue or to transfer  from  treasury any
     additional shares of its capital stock.  None of the outstanding  shares of
     ISSUER  are  subject  to  any  stock  restriction  agreements.  All  of the
     shareholders  of ISSUER have valid title to such shares and acquired  their
     shares in a lawful transaction and in accordance with the laws of Nevada.

          iii.  Financial  Statements.  The financial  statements of ISSUER have
     been prepared in accordance with generally accepted  accounting  principles
     consistently  followed  by ISSUER  throughout  the periods  indicated,  and
     fairly  present  the  financial  position  of  ISSUER as of the date of the
     balance  sheet  and  the  financial  statements,  and  the  results  of its
     operations for the periods indicated. ISSUER is current in its filings with
     the Securities and Exchange Commission.

          iv.  Absence of Changes.  Since the date of the  financial  statements
     filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission,  there has not been any
     change in the financial  condition or operations of ISSUER,  except changes
     in the ordinary course of business, which changes have not in the aggregate
     been materially adverse.

          v.  Liabilities.   ISSUER  does  not  have  any  debt,  liability,  or
     obligation  of  any  nature,  whether  accrued,  absolute,  contingent,  or
     otherwise,  and whether due or to become due,  that is not reflected on the
     ISSUERS'  financial  statements.  ISSUER  is  not  aware  of  any  pending,
     threatened or asserted claims,  lawsuits or contingencies  involving ISSUER
     or its common stock. There is no dispute of any kind between the ISSUER and
     any third party, and no such dispute will exist at the closing of this

                                        2

<PAGE>



     Agreement.  At closing,  ISSUER will be free from any and all  liabilities,
     liens, claims and/or commitments, other than an indebtedness of the Company
     to Mintmire & Associates for legal services rendered.

          vi. Ability to Carry Out Obligations. ISSUER has the right, power, and
     authority to enter into and perform its  obligations  under this Agreement.
     The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Issuer and the  performance
     by ISSUER of its  obligations  hereunder  will not  cause,  constitute,  or
     conflict  with or  result  in (a) any  breach  or  violation  or any of the
     provisions  of or  constitute  a  default  under  any  license,  indenture,
     mortgage, charter, instrument,  articles of incorporation,  bylaw, or other
     agreement or instrument to which ISSUER or its shareholders are a party, or
     by which they may be bound, nor will any consents or  authorizations of any
     party other than those  hereto be  required,  (b) an event that would cause
     ISSUER to be liable to any party,  or (c) an event that would result in the
     creation or imposition or any lien,  charge or  encumbrance on any asset of
     ISSUER or upon the securities of ISSUER to be acquired by SHAREHOLDERS.

          vii. Full Disclosure.  None of the representations and warranties made
     by the ISSUER,  or in any  certificate  or  memorandum  furnished  or to be
     furnished by the ISSUER, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a
     material  fact,  or omit any  material  fact the omission of which would be
     misleading.

          viii.  Power of  Attorney.  No person  holds a power of attorney  from
     ISSUER.

          ix.  Compliance  with Laws.  ISSUER has complied  with,  and is not in
     violation of any federal,  state, or local statute,  law, and/or regulation
     pertaining  to  ISSUER.  ISSUER has  complied  with all  federal  and state
     securities laws in connection with the issuance,  sale and  distribution of
     its securities.

          x. Litigation. ISSUER is not a party to any suit, action, arbitration,
     or legal,  administrative,  or other  proceeding,  or pending  governmental
     investigation.  To the best knowledge of the ISSUER,  there is no basis for
     any  such  action  or  proceeding  and no  such  action  or  proceeding  is
     threatened  against  ISSUER and ISSUER is not subject to or in default with
     respect to any order, writ,  injunction,  or decree of any federal,  state,
     local, or foreign court, department, agency, or instrumentality.

          xi.  Conduct of Business.  Prior to the closing,  ISSUER shall conduct
     its  business  in the normal  course,  and shall not (1) sell,  pledge,  or
     assign any assets (2) amend its Articles of  Incorporation  or Bylaws,  (3)
     declare dividends,  redeem or sell stock or other securities, (4) incur any
     liabilities, (5) acquire or dispose of any assets, enter into any contract,
     guarantee  obligations  of any third  party,  or (6)  enter  into any other
     transaction.

          xii. Documents. All minutes, consents or other documents pertaining to
     ISSUER to be delivered at closing shall be valid and in accordance with the
     laws of Nevada.

          xiv.  Title.  The  Shares  to be issued  to  SHAREHOLDERS  will be, at
     closing, free and clear of all liens, security interests, pledges, charges,
     claims, encumbrances and restrictions of any kind, shall be issued pursuant
     to  Regulation  D, Section 506 and 4(2)of the Act and shall bear a Rule 144
     legend.  None of such Shares are or will be subject to any voting  trust or
     agreement. No person holds or has the right to receive any proxy or similar
     instrument  with  respect  to  such  shares,  except  as  provided  in this
     Agreement,  neither the ISSUER nor BROWN is a party to any agreement  which
     offers or grants to any person the right to  purchase or acquire any of the
     securities to be issued to SHAREHOLDERS. There is

                                        3

<PAGE>



     no applicable  local,  state or federal law,  rule,  regulation,  or decree
     which  would,  as a result of the  issuance of the Shares to  SHAREHOLDERS,
     impair,  restrict or delay SHAREHOLDERS'  voting rights with respect to the
     Shares.

     5. SHAREHOLDERS and TBCI represent and warrant to ISSUER the following:

          i.  Organization.  TBCI  is  a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly
     existing,  and in good standing under the laws of Nevada, has all necessary
     corporate  powers to own  properties  and carry on a business,  and is duly
     qualified  to do  business  and is in  good  standing  in  Nevada  and  has
     10,505,000  shares of its common stock issued and  outstanding and no other
     stock or class  thereof  issuer and  outstanding.  All actions taken by the
     Incorporators,  directors and  shareholders  of TBCI have been valid and in
     accordance with the laws of Nevada.

          ii. Shareholders and Issued Stock. Exhibit A annexed hereto sets forth
     the names,  shareholdings and consents of 100% of TBCI shareholders to this
     transaction.

          iii. General Obligations.  Following the closing,  ISSUER shall comply
     with applicable federal and state securities laws.

          iv. Counsel. SHAREHOLDERS and TBCI represent and warrant that prior to
     Closing,  that they are represented by independent  counsel or have had the
     opportunity  to  retain  independent  counsel  to  represent  them  in this
     transaction.

          v. No reverse stock splits. ISSUER shall not effect a reverse split of
     its common stock (other than the 1:2 reverse stock split in connection with
     this  Agreement)  for a period  of at least  one year from the date of this
     Agreement.

     6.  INVESTMENT  INTENT.  SHAREHOLDERS  agree that the shares  being  issued
pursuant  to this  Agreement  may be sold,  pledged,  assigned,  hypothecate  or
otherwise  transferred,  with or  without  consideration  (a  "Transfer"),  only
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act, or pursuant to an
exemption from  registration  under the Act, the  availability of which is to be
established to the  satisfaction  of ISSUER.  SHAREHOLDERS  agree,  prior to any
transfer,  to give written notice to ISSUER  expressing his desire to effect the
transfer and describing the proposed transfer.

     7. CLOSING. The closing of this transaction shall take place at the offices
of Mintmire & Associates, 265 Sunrise Avenue, Suite 204, Palm Beach, FL 33480.

     8. DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED AT CLOSING.

          i. By the ISSUER, BROWN and LLBA

               (1) Board of  Directors  Minutes  authorizing  the  issuance of a
          certificate or certificates  for 8,386,197  Shares,  registered in the
          names of the  SHAREHOLDERS  equal to their pro-rata  holdings in TBCI.
          Assignment  by BROWN  authorizing  the  issuance of a  certificate  or
          certificates  for  5,000,000  shares of the  common  stock of  ISSUER,
          registered  in the name of the  SHAREHOLDERS  equal to their  pro-rata
          holdings of TBCI. All certificates  shall be delivered  promptly after
          closing.


                                        4

<PAGE>



               (2) The resignation of all officers of ISSUER.

               (3) A Board of  Directors  resolution  appointing  such person as
          SHAREHOLDERS designate as a director(s) of ISSUER.

               (4) The  resignation of all the directors of ISSUER,  except that
          of  SHAREHOLDER'S   designee,   dated  subsequent  to  the  resolution
          described in 3, above.

               (5)  Current SEC  filings of the  ISSUER,  which shall  include a
          current  balance  sheet and  statements  of  operations,  stockholders
          equity and cash flows for the twelve (12) month period then ended.

               (6)  All  of  the  business  and  corporate  records  of  ISSUER,
          including but not limited to  correspondence  files,  bank statements,
          checkbooks,   savings  account  books,   minutes  of  shareholder  and
          directors meetings, financial statements,  shareholder listings, stock
          transfer records, agreements and contracts.

               (7) Such other minutes of ISSUER's  shareholders  or directors as
          may reasonably be required by SHAREHOLDERS.

               (8) An agreement  by LLBA and BROWN to indemnify  and hold ISSUER
          harmless for any and all contracts, debts, obligations and liabilities
          of ISSUER  (except  outstanding  indebtedness  of ISSUER to Mintmire &
          Associates)  as well as a  commitment  to pay for an audit of ISSUER's
          financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

          ii. By SHAREHOLDERS AND TBCI:

               (1)  Delivery  to  the  ISSUER,  or  to  its  Transfer  Agent,  a
          Resolution cancelling the issued and outstanding stock of TBCI.

               (2) Consents  signed by all TBCI  shareholders  consenting to the
          terms of this Agreement.

               (3) Shareholder  list of TBCI certified by TBCI's secretary dated
          of even date herewith.

     9. REMEDIES.

          i.  Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating
     to, this Agreement, or the making,  performance, or interpretation thereof,
     shall be settled by arbitration in Palm Beach,  Florida in accordance  with
     the  Rules of the  American  Arbitration  Association  then  existing,  and
     judgment  on the  arbitration  award may be  entered  in any  court  having
     jurisdiction over the subject matter of the controversy.



                                        5

<PAGE>


     10. MISCELLANEOUS.

          i.  Captions  and  Headings.   The  Article  and  paragraph   headings
     throughout this Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and shall
     in no way be  deemed  to  define,  limit,  or  add  to the  meaning  of any
     provision of this Agreement.

          ii. No oral change.  This Agreement and any provision hereof,  may not
     be  waived,  changed,  modified,  or  discharged  orally,  but  only  by an
     agreement in writing  signed by the party against whom  enforcement  of any
     waiver, change, modification, or discharge is sought.

          iii. Non Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, no waiver of any
     covenant, condition, or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
     been made unless  expressly in writing and signed by the party against whom
     such waiver is  charged;  and (I) the failure of any party to insist in any
     one or more cases upon the performance of any of the provisions, covenants,
     or conditions of this Agreement or to exercise any option herein  contained
     shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment  for the future of any
     such  provisions,   covenants,  or  conditions,   (ii)  the  acceptance  of
     performance  of anything  required by this  Agreement to be performed  with
     knowledge of the breach or failure of a covenant,  condition,  or provision
     hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach or failure, and (iii) no
     waiver by any party of one breach by another  party shall be construed as a
     waiver with respect to any other or subsequent breach.

          iv. Time of Essence.  Time is of the essence of this  Agreement and of
     each and every provision hereof.

          v. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire Agreement and
     understanding   between  the  parties  hereto,  and  supersedes  all  prior
     agreements and understandings.

          vi. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one
     or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
     which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          vii. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications
     under this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
     duly given on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom
     notice is to be given,  or on the third day after  mailing if mailed to the
     party to whom notice is to be given,  by first class  mail,  registered  or
     certified, postage prepaid, and properly addressed, and by fax, as follows:

ISSUER:                 L.L. Brown International, Inc.
                        19435 68th Avenue South, Suite S-105
                        Kent, Washington 98032
                        Phone:(425) 251-8086
                        Fax:(425) 251-8062

With a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

                        Donald F. Mintmire, Esq.
                        Mintmire & Associates
                        265 Sunrise Avenue, Suite 204
                        Palm Beach, FL 33480
                        Phone:(561) 832-5696
                        Fax:    (561) 659-5371


                                        6

<PAGE>



TBCI:                   Terra Block Consolidated, Inc.
                        2637 Erie Avenue, Suite 207
                        Cincinnati, OH 45208
                        Phone:(513) 533-1220
                        Fax:    (513) 533-1990


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the undersigned has executed this Agreement this 14th
day of February 2003.



L.L. Brown International, Inc.              L.L. Brown & Associates, Inc.


By:   /s/ Carolyn Scott Brown               By:  /s/ Carolyn Scott Brown
------------------------------              ------------------------------
Carolyn Scott Brown, President              Carolyn Scott Brown, President



Brown                                       Terra Block Consolidated, Inc.


/s/ Carolyn Scott Brown                     By:   /s/ Gregory A. Pitner
----------------------------                ------------------------------
Carolyn Scott Brown                         Gregory A. Pitner, President,
                                            CEO and Chairman

/s/ Lester Brown
----------------------------
Lester Brown


















                                        7

<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 TBCI          ISSUER        BROWN
Name                            Shares         shares        shares        Consented To
------------------------------  -----------    ----------    ----------    ----------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Craig Kaufman                     3,500,000     2,794,069     1,665,874    /s/ Craig Kaufman
Terra Block, Inc                  3,500,000     2,794,069     1,665,874    /s/ Terra Block, Inc.
Gregory A. Pitner                 1,500,000     1,197,458       713,946    /s/ Gregory A. Pitner
James E. Hines                    1,500,000     1,197,458       713,946    /s/ James E. Hines
Intravest Capital Group, Inc.       250,000       199,576       118,991    /s/Intravest Capital Group, Inc.
Mary E. Pollack                     200,000       159,661        95,193    /s/ Mary E. Pollack
Gail Kaufman                         20,000        15,966         9,520    /s/ Gail Kaufman
Dorothy L. Pitner                    10,000         7,983         4,759    /s/ Dorothy L. Pitner
Michael Kaufman                      10,000         7,983         4,759    /s/ Michael Kaufman
Steve Samuels                        10,000         7,983         4,759    /s/ Steve Samuels
Arthur M. Haselkorn                   5,000         3,991         2,379    /s/ Arthur M. Haselkorn
                                 10,505,000     8,386,197     5,000,000
</TABLE>




                                        8

<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT B

                   INDEMNIFICATION AND HOLD HARMLESS AGREEMENT

     For and in sole  consideration  of the spin-off of L.L. Brown & Associates,
Inc.,  a  Washington  corporation  ("LLBA") in favor of Carolyn  Scott Brown and
Lester  Brown  ("Brown"),  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  is  hereby
acknowledged,  LLBA and Brown shall  indemnify Terra Block  International,  Inc.
f/k/a L.L. Brown  International,  Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Corporation")
from any contract, debt, obligation or any other liability of the Corporation as
of the date of this  Agreement  should  the  Corporation  become a party,  or is
threatened to be made a party, to any threatened,  pending or completed  action,
suit or proceeding,  whether civil,  criminal,  administrative  or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the  Corporation),  against expenses
(including  attorneys' fees),  judgments,  fines and amounts paid in settlement,
actually and  reasonably  incurred by the  Corporation  in connection  with such
action,  suit or proceeding.  However,  LLBA and Brown do not agree to indemnify
nor do they hold harmless the Corporation  for all  outstanding  indebtedness of
the Company to Mintmire & Associates.

     Additionally,  LLBA and Brown agree to pay all expenses in connection  with
an audit of the  financial  statements  of the  Corporation  for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2002.

     The  Corporation  shall give written notice of any third party claim within
the purview of this Agreement. LLBA and Brown shall have 30 days within which to
respond to such notice by payment of the claim or defense thereof.

     Should indemnification under this Agreement be proper, LLBA and Brown shall
be afforded every  opportunity to provide a defense for the Corporation,  on its
behalf.

     LLBA and  Brown  may  exercise  the  Corporation's  power to  purchase  and
maintain insurance on behalf of the Corporation,  against any liability asserted
against it and incurred by it, or arising out of its status as such.

     The  indemnification  provided  by  this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed  the
exclusive  rights to the Corporation  should it seek  indemnification  from LLBA
and/or Brown.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.

Executed, this 14th day of February, 2003.

L.L. BROWN & ASSOCIATES, INC.                        BROWN

/s/ Carolyn Scott Brown                     /s/ Carolyn Scott Brown
------------------------------              -------------------------------
Carolyn Scott Brown, President              Carolyn Scott Brown

                                            /s/ Lester Brown
                                            -------------------------------
                                           Lester Brown


                                        9



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
