<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>f88660exv10w22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.22
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22

                       INTRABIOTICS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                     2002 NON-OFFICER EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

                         EFFECTIVE DATE: AUGUST 1, 2002
                        STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED
                           AMENDED: NOVEMBER 16, 2002
                            AMENDED: FEBRUARY 3, 2003
                             TERMINATION DATE: NONE

1.       PURPOSES.

         (a)      ELIGIBLE STOCK AWARD RECIPIENTS. The persons eligible to
receive Stock Awards are the Employees and Consultants of the Company and its
Affiliates.

         (b)      AVAILABLE STOCK AWARDS. The purpose of the Plan is to provide
a means by which eligible recipients of Stock Awards may be given an opportunity
to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of
the following Stock Awards: (i) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (ii) stock bonuses
and (iii) rights to acquire restricted stock.

         (c)      GENERAL PURPOSE. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to
retain the services of the group of persons eligible to receive Stock Awards, to
secure and retain the services of new members of this group and to provide
incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the
Company and its Affiliates.

2.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a)      "AFFILIATE" means any parent corporation or subsidiary
corporation of the Company, whether now or hereafter existing, as those terms
are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.

         (b)      "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

         (c)      "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         (d)      "COMMITTEE" means a committee of one or more members of the
Board appointed by the Board in accordance with subsection 3(c).

         (e)      "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company.

         (f)      "COMPANY" means IntraBiotics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

                                       1.

<PAGE>

         (g)      "CONSULTANT" means any person, including an advisor, engaged
by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and who
is compensated for such services. However, the term "Consultant" shall not
include either Directors who are not compensated by the Company for their
services as Directors or Directors who are merely paid a director's fee by the
Company for their services as Directors.

         (h)      "CONTINUOUS SERVICE" means that the Participant's service with
the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is
not interrupted or terminated. The Participant's Continuous Service shall not be
deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which
the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee,
Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant
renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of
the Participant's service. For example, a change in status without interruption
from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or a Director
will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. The Board or the
chief executive officer of the Company, in that party's sole discretion, may
determine whether Continuous Service shall be considered interrupted in the case
of any leave of absence approved by that party, including sick leave, military
leave or any other personal leave.

         (i)      "DIRECTOR" means a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company.

         (j)      "DISABILITY" means the permanent and total disability of a
person within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

         (k)      "EMPLOYEE" means any person employed by the Company or an
Affiliate. Mere service as a Director or payment of a director's fee by the
Company or an Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by
the Company or an Affiliate.

         (l)      "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         (m)      "FAIR MARKET VALUE" means, as of any date, the value of the
Common Stock determined as follows:

                  (i)      If the Common Stock is listed on any established
stock exchange or traded on the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the closing
sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as
quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest
volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the last market trading day prior to
the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other
source as the Board deems reliable.

                  (ii)     In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock,
the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

         (n)      "NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR" means a Director who either (i) is not
a current Employee or Officer of the Company or its parent or a subsidiary, does
not receive compensation

                                       2.

<PAGE>

(directly or indirectly) from the Company or its parent or a subsidiary for
services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director
(except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act ("Regulation
S-K")), does not possess an interest in any other transaction as to which
disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K and is not
engaged in a business relationship as to which disclosure would be required
under Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a
"non-employee director" for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

         (o)      "NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

         (p)      "OFFICER" means a person who is an officer of the Company
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

         (q)      "OPTION" means a Nonstatutory Stock Option granted pursuant to
the Plan.

         (r)      "OPTION AGREEMENT" means a written agreement between the
Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual
Option grant. Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan.

         (s)      "OPTIONHOLDER" means a person to whom an Option is granted
pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an
outstanding Option.

         (t)      "PARTICIPANT" means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted
pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an
outstanding Stock Award.

         (u)      "PLAN" means this IntraBiotics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2002
Non-Officer Equity Incentive Plan.

         (v)      "RULE 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

         (w)      "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         (x)      "STOCK AWARD" means any right granted under the Plan,
including an Option, a stock bonus and a right to acquire restricted stock.

         (y)      "STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT" means a written agreement between the
Company and a holder of a Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an
individual Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan.

3.       ADMINISTRATION.

         (a)      ADMINISTRATION BY BOARD. The Board shall administer the Plan
unless and until the Board delegates administration to a Committee, as provided
in subsection 3(c).

                                       3.

<PAGE>

         (b)      POWERS OF BOARD. The Board shall have the power, subject to,
and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

                  (i)      To determine from time to time which of the persons
eligible under the Plan shall be granted Stock Awards; when and how each Stock
Award shall be granted; what type or combination of types of Stock Award shall
be granted; the provisions of each Stock Award granted (which need not be
identical), including the time or times when a person shall be permitted to
receive Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Award; and the number of shares of
Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Award shall be granted to each such
person.

                  (ii)     To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards
granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for
its administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any
defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement,
in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the
Plan fully effective.

                  (iii)    To effect, at any time and from time to time, with
the consent of any adversely affected Optionholder, (1) the reduction of the
exercise price of any outstanding Option under the Plan, (2) the cancellation of
any outstanding Option under the Plan and the grant in substitution therefor of
(A) a new Option under the Plan covering the same or a different number of
shares of Common Stock, (B) a stock bonus, (C) the right to acquire restricted
stock, and/or (D) cash, or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing
under generally accepted accounting principles.

                  (iv)     To amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in
Section 12.

                  (v)      To terminate or suspend the Plan as provided in
Section 13.

                  (vi)     Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform
such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best
interests of the Company which are not in conflict with the provisions of the
Plan.

         (c)      DELEGATION TO COMMITTEE.

                  (i)      GENERAL. The Board may delegate administration of the
Plan to a Committee or Committees of one (1) or more members of the Board, and
the term "Committee" shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority
has been delegated. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee
shall have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers
theretofore possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a
subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to
exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the
Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to
time by the Board. The Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in
the Board the administration of the Plan.

                                       4.

<PAGE>

                  (ii)     COMMITTEE COMPOSITION WHEN COMMON STOCK IS PUBLICLY
TRADED. At such time as the Common Stock is publicly traded, in the discretion
of the Board, a Committee may consist solely of two or more Non-Employee
Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. Within the scope of such authority,
the Board or the Committee may delegate to a committee of one or more members of
the Board who are not Non-Employee Directors the authority to grant Stock Awards
to eligible persons who are not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

         (d)      EFFECT OF BOARD'S DECISION. All determinations,
interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be
subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on
all persons.

4.       SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

         (a)      SHARE RESERVE. Subject to the provisions of Section 11
relating to adjustments upon changes in Common Stock and subject to the
increases in the number of reserved shares described below, the Common Stock
that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards shall not exceed in the aggregate
two million five hundred thousand (2,500,000) shares of Common Stock.

         (b)      REVERSION OF SHARES TO THE SHARE RESERVE. If any Stock Award
shall for any reason expire or otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without
having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not acquired under
such Stock Award shall revert to and again become available for issuance under
the Plan.

         (c)      SOURCE OF SHARES. The shares of Common Stock subject to the
Plan may be unissued shares or reacquired shares, bought on the market or
otherwise.

5.       ELIGIBILITY.

         (a)      ELIGIBILITY FOR SPECIFIC STOCK AWARDS. Stock Awards may be
granted to Employees who are not Officers and to Consultants; provided, however,
that Officers who are not previously employed by the Company may be granted
Stock Awards as an inducement essential to such individuals entering into
employment contracts with the Company.

         (b)      CONSULTANTS.

                  (i)      A Consultant shall not be eligible for the grant of a
Stock Award if, at the time of grant, a Form S-8 Registration Statement under
the Securities Act ("Form S-8") is not available to register either the offer or
the sale of the Company's securities to such Consultant because of the nature of
the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, or because the
Consultant is not a natural person, or as otherwise provided by the rules
governing the use of Form S-8, unless the Company determines both (i) that such
grant (A) shall be registered in another manner under the Securities Act (e.g.,
on a Form S-3 Registration Statement) or (B) does not require registration under
the Securities Act in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities
Act, if applicable, and (ii) that such grant complies with the securities laws
of all other relevant jurisdictions.

                                       5.

<PAGE>

                  (ii)     Form S-8 generally is available to consultants and
advisors only if (i) they are natural persons; (ii) they provide bona fide
services to the issuer, its parents, its majority-owned subsidiaries or
majority-owned subsidiaries of the issuer's parent; and (iii) the services are
not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising
transaction, and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for
the issuer's securities.

6.       OPTION PROVISIONS.

         Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and
conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. The provisions of separate
Options need not be identical, but each Option shall include (through
incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Option or otherwise) the
substance of each of the following provisions:

         (a)      TERM. No Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of
ten (10) years from the date it was granted.

         (b)      EXERCISE PRICE. The exercise price of each Option shall be not
less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted.

         (c)      CONSIDERATION. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired
pursuant to an Option shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable
statutes and regulations, either (i) in cash at the time the Option is exercised
or (ii) at the discretion of the Board (1) by delivery to the Company of other
Common Stock, (2) according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement
with the Optionholder or (3) in any other form of legal consideration that may
be acceptable to the Board. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the
Option, the purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to an Option that
is paid by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock acquired, directly or
indirectly from the Company, shall be paid only by shares of the Common Stock of
the Company that have been held for more than six (6) months (or such longer or
shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for
financial accounting purposes). At any time that the Company is incorporated in
Delaware, payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as defined in the Delaware
General Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred payment.

         In the case of any deferred payment arrangement, interest shall be
compounded at least annually and shall be charged at the minimum rate of
interest necessary to avoid (1) the treatment as interest, under any applicable
provisions of the Code, of any amounts other than amounts stated to be interest
under the deferred payment arrangement and (2) the treatment of the Option as a
variable award for financial accounting purposes.

         (d)      TRANSFERABILITY. An Option shall be transferable to the extent
provided in the Option Agreement. If the Option does not provide for
transferability, then the Option shall not be transferable except by will or by
the laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the
lifetime of the Optionholder only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in
a form

                                       6.

<PAGE>

satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the
death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

         (e)      VESTING GENERALLY. The total number of shares of Common Stock
subject to an Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in
periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Option may be
subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be
exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Board may
deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The
provisions of this subsection 6(e) are subject to any Option provisions
governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may
be exercised.

         (f)      TERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE. In the event an
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder's
death or Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the
extent that the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date
of termination) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date three (3) months following the termination of the Optionholder's
Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the
Option Agreement. If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his
or her Option within the time specified in the Option Agreement, the Option
shall terminate.

         (g)      EXTENSION OF TERMINATION DATE. An Optionholder's Option
Agreement may also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the
termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service (other than upon the
Optionholder's death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely
because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option shall terminate on the
earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Option
Agreement or (ii) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the
termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service during which the exercise
of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements.

         (h)      DISABILITY OF OPTIONHOLDER. In the event that an
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's
Disability, the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that
the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of
termination), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date twelve (12) months following such termination (or such longer or
shorter period specified in the Option Agreement) or (ii) the expiration of the
term of the Option as set forth in the Option Agreement. If, after termination,
the Optionholder does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified
herein, the Option shall terminate.

         (i)      DEATH OF OPTIONHOLDER. In the event (i) an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's death or (ii)
the Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option
Agreement after the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service for a
reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by
the Optionholder's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or

                                       7.

<PAGE>

inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the
Optionholder's death pursuant to subsection 6(d), but only within the period
ending on the earlier of (1) the date twelve (12) months following the date of
death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option Agreement) or
(2) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option
Agreement. If, after death, the Option is not exercised within the time
specified herein, the Option shall terminate.

         (j)      EARLY EXERCISE. The Option may, but need not, include a
provision whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the
Optionholder's Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any
part or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the
full vesting of the Option. Any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may
be subject to a repurchase option in favor of the Company or to any other
restriction the Board determines to be appropriate. The Company will not
exercise its repurchase option until at least six (6) months (or such longer or
shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial
accounting purposes) have elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the
Board otherwise specifically provides in the Option.

         (k)      RE-LOAD OPTIONS.

                  (i)      Without in any way limiting the authority of the
Board to make or not to make grants of Options hereunder, the Board shall have
the authority (but not an obligation) to include as part of any Option Agreement
a provision entitling the Optionholder to a further Option (a "Re-Load Option")
in the event the Optionholder exercises the Option evidenced by the Option
Agreement, in whole or in part, by surrendering other shares of Common Stock in
accordance with this Plan and the terms and conditions of the Option Agreement.
Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Option, the Optionholder shall not
surrender shares of Common Stock acquired, directly or indirectly from the
Company, unless such shares have been held for more than six (6) months (or such
longer or shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to earnings for
financial accounting purposes).

                  (ii)     Any such Re-Load Option shall (1) provide for a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
surrendered as part or all of the exercise price of such Option; (2) have an
expiration date which is the same as the expiration date of the Option the
exercise of which gave rise to such Re-Load Option; and (3) have an exercise
price which is equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock subject to the Re-Load Option on the date of exercise of the
original Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Re-Load Option shall be
subject to the same exercise price and term provisions heretofore described for
Options under the Plan.

                  (iii)    There shall be no Re-Load Options on a Re-Load
Option. Any such Re-Load Option shall be subject to the availability of
sufficient shares of Common Stock under subsection 4(a) and shall be subject to
such other terms and conditions as the Board may determine which are not
inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan regarding the terms of
Options.

                                       8.

<PAGE>

7.       PROVISIONS OF STOCK AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS.

         (a)      STOCK BONUS AWARDS. Each stock bonus agreement shall be in
such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board shall deem
appropriate. The terms and conditions of stock bonus agreements may change from
time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate stock bonus agreements
need not be identical, but each stock bonus agreement shall include (through
incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise)
the substance of each of the following provisions:

                  (i)      CONSIDERATION. A stock bonus may be awarded in
consideration for past services actually rendered to the Company or an Affiliate
for its benefit.

                  (ii)     VESTING. Shares of Common Stock awarded under the
stock bonus agreement may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option
in favor of the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined
by the Board.

                  (iii)    TERMINATION OF PARTICIPANT'S CONTINUOUS SERVICE. In
the event a Participant's Continuous Service terminates, the Company may
reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant which
have not vested as of the date of termination under the terms of the stock bonus
agreement.

                  (iv)     TRANSFERABILITY. Rights to acquire shares of Common
Stock under the stock bonus agreement shall be transferable by the Participant
only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the stock bonus
agreement, as the Board shall determine in its discretion, so long as Common
Stock awarded under the stock bonus agreement remains subject to the terms of
the stock bonus agreement.

         (b)      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS. Each restricted stock purchase
agreement shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as
the Board shall deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of the restricted
stock purchase agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and
conditions of separate restricted stock purchase agreements need not be
identical, but each restricted stock purchase agreement shall include (through
incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise)
the substance of each of the following provisions:

                  (i)      PURCHASE PRICE. The purchase price under each
restricted stock purchase agreement shall be such amount as the Board shall
determine and designate in such restricted stock purchase agreement. The
purchase price shall not be less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the Common
Stock's Fair Market Value on the date such award is made or at the time the
purchase is consummated.

                  (ii)     CONSIDERATION. The purchase price of Common Stock
acquired pursuant to the restricted stock purchase agreement shall be paid
either: (i) in cash at the time of purchase; (ii) at the discretion of the
Board, according to a deferred payment or other similar arrangement with the
Participant; or (iii) in any other form of legal consideration that may be
acceptable to the Board in its discretion; provided, however, that at any time
that the Company is

                                       9.

<PAGE>

incorporated in Delaware, then payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as
defined in the Delaware General Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred
payment.

                  (iii)    VESTING. Shares of Common Stock acquired under the
restricted stock purchase agreement may, but need not, be subject to a share
repurchase option in favor of the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule
to be determined by the Board.

                  (iv)     TERMINATION OF PARTICIPANT'S CONTINUOUS SERVICE. In
the event a Participant's Continuous Service terminates, the Company may
repurchase or otherwise reacquire any or all of the shares of Common Stock held
by the Participant which have not vested as of the date of termination under the
terms of the restricted stock purchase agreement.

                  (v)      TRANSFERABILITY. Rights to acquire shares of Common
Stock under the restricted stock purchase agreement shall be transferable by the
Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the
restricted stock purchase agreement, as the Board shall determine in its
discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the restricted stock purchase
agreement remains subject to the terms of the restricted stock purchase
agreement.

8.       COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

         (a)      AVAILABILITY OF SHARES. During the terms of the Stock Awards,
the Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common
Stock required to satisfy such Stock Awards.

         (b)      SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE. The Company shall seek to obtain
from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such
authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this
undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act
the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any
such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain
from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority which counsel for
the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock
under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any liability for failure to
issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until
such authority is obtained.

9.       USE OF PROCEEDS FROM STOCK.

         Proceeds from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall
constitute general funds of the Company.

10.      MISCELLANEOUS.

         (a)      ACCELERATION OF EXERCISABILITY AND VESTING. The Board shall
have the power to accelerate the time at which a Stock Award may first be
exercised or the time during which a Stock Award or any part thereof will vest
in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the

                                       10.

<PAGE>

provisions in the Stock Award stating the time at which it may first be
exercised or the time during which it will vest.

         (b)      STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS. No Participant shall be deemed to be the
holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares
of Common Stock subject to such Stock Award unless and until such Participant
has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its
terms.

         (c)      NO EMPLOYMENT OR OTHER SERVICE RIGHTS. Nothing in the Plan or
any instrument executed or Stock Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer
upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate
in the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or shall
affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment
of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the
service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant's agreement
with the Company or an Affiliate or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to
the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the
corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is
incorporated, as the case may be.

         (d)      INVESTMENT ASSURANCES. The Company may require a Participant,
as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award,
(i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the
Participant's knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or
to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who
is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he
or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser
representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant
is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for the Participant's own
account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing
the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant
to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (1) the issuance of the shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock
Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration
statement under the Securities Act or (2) as to any particular requirement, a
determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not
be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The
Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock
certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or
appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but
not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock.

         (e)      WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. To the extent provided by the terms
of a Stock Award Agreement, the Participant may satisfy any federal, state or
local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of
Common Stock under a Stock Award by any of the following means (in addition to
the Company's right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by
the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash payment;
(ii) authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares
of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the
exercise or acquisition of

                                       11.

<PAGE>

Common Stock under the Stock Award; provided, however, that no shares of Common
Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to
be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid a charge
to the Company's earnings for financial accounting purposes); or (iii)
delivering to the Company owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock of the
Company that have been held for more than six (6) months (or such longer or
shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to the Company's earnings for
financial accounting purposes).

11.      ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN STOCK.

         (a)      CAPITALIZATION ADJUSTMENTS. If any change is made in the
Common Stock subject to the Plan, or subject to any Stock Award, without the
receipt of consideration by the Company (through merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in
property other than cash, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of
shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other transaction
not involving the receipt of consideration by the Company), the Plan will be
appropriately adjusted in the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject
to the Plan pursuant to subsection 4(a), and the outstanding Stock Awards will
be appropriately adjusted in the class(es) and number of securities and price
per share of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Stock Awards. The Board
shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and
conclusive. (The conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall
not be treated as a transaction "without receipt of consideration" by the
Company.)

         (b)      DISSOLUTION OR LIQUIDATION. In the event of a dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, then all outstanding Stock Awards shall terminate
immediately prior to such event.

         (c)      CHANGE IN CONTROL. In the event of (i) a sale, lease or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, (ii) a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly)
the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger,
consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company
immediately prior thereto do not own, directly or indirectly, outstanding voting
securities representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined
outstanding voting power of the surviving entity (or the parent of the surviving
entity) in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (iii) an
acquisition by any person, entity or group within the meaning of Section 13(d)
or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, or any comparable successor provisions (excluding
any employee benefit plan, or related trust, sponsored or maintained by the
Company or an Affiliate) of the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or comparable successor rule) of
securities of the Company representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the
combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities other than by
virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction, then any surviving
corporation or acquiring corporation may assume or continue any or all Stock
Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar stock awards for
Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan (it being understood that similar stock
awards include, but are not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration
paid to the stockholders or the Company, as the case may be, pursuant to the
transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in
respect of

                                       12.

<PAGE>

Common Stock issued pursuant to Stock Awards may be assigned by the Company to
the successor of the Company (or the successor's parent company), if any, in
connection with such transaction. In the event that any surviving corporation or
acquiring corporation does not assume or continue any or all such outstanding
Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for such outstanding Stock
Awards, then with respect to Stock Awards that have been not assumed, continued
or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has
not terminated prior to the effective time of the transaction, the vesting of
such Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Awards may
be exercised) shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the transaction) be
accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such transaction as
the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to
the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective time of the transaction),
the Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to
such effective time, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the
Company with respect to such Stock Awards held by Participants whose Continuous
Service has not terminated shall (contingent upon the effectiveness of the
transaction) lapse. With respect to any other Stock Awards outstanding under the
Plan that have not been assumed, continued or substituted, the vesting of such
Stock Awards (and, if applicable, the time at which such Stock Award may be
exercised) shall not be accelerated, unless otherwise provided in a written
agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the holder of such Stock
Award, and such Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised (if applicable)
prior to the effective time of the transaction.

         Notwithstanding the vesting schedules set forth in Stock Awards
outstanding under the Plan and notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in the
event of a change in control of the Company described above, (i) Stock Awards
held by persons who are then Employees of the Company shall become vested and
immediately exercisable as to one-half (1/2) of the then unvested shares subject
to such Stock Awards as of the effective date of the change in control; (ii) the
remaining unvested shares under the Stock Awards held by any person who is an
Employee and who holds the title of vice president or higher (an "Executive")
shall become fully vested in the event that such Executive's service with the
Company is involuntarily terminated without Cause (as defined below) or
voluntarily terminated for Good Reason (as defined below), in either case within
thirteen months following the change in control; and (iii) Stock Awards held by
persons who are then Directors but who are not Employees shall become fully
vested and immediately exercisable as of the effective date of the change in
control.

         For purposes of this Section 11, "Cause" means that, in the reasonable
determination of the Company, the Executive:

                  (i)      has been indicted or convicted of any felony or any
crime involving dishonesty that is likely to inflict or has inflicted
demonstrable and material injury on the business of the Company;

                  (ii)     has participated in any fraud against the Company; or

                  (iii)    has intentionally damaged any property of the Company
thereby causing demonstrable and material injury to the business of the Company;

                                       13.

<PAGE>

provided that Cause shall not exist based on conduct described in clause (ii) or
clause (iii) unless the conduct described in such clause has not been cured
within fifteen (15) days following the Executive's receipt of written notice
from the Company specifying the particulars of the conduct constituting Cause.

         For purposes of this Section 11, "Good Reason" means that Executive
voluntarily terminates employment within thirty (30) days after any of the
following is undertaken without the Executive's express written consent:

                  (i)      a reduction in the Executive's salary grade;

                  (ii)     a reduction by the Company in the Executive's base
salary by five percent (5%) or more; provided, however, that a reduction by the
Company of the Executive's base salary by up to ten percent (10%) shall not
constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Plan if it is made in connection
with an across-the-board reduction by the Company of all Executives' annual base
salaries by a percentage at least equal to the percentage by which the
Executive's base salary is reduced; or

                  (iii)    a relocation of the Executive's business office to a
location more than fifty (50) miles from the location at which the Executive
performs duties as of the effective date of the change in control, except for
required travel by the Executive on the Company's business to an extent
substantially consistent with the Executive's business travel obligations prior
to the effective date of the change in control; provided, however, that no
relocation of the Executive's business office shall constitute Good Reason for
purposes of this Plan if the Executive provides services to the Company from a
remote location (e.g., through telecommuting) at the time of the relocation.

12.      AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND STOCK AWARDS.

         (a)      AMENDMENT OF PLAN. The Board at any time, and from time to
time, may amend the Plan. However, except as provided in Section 11 relating to
adjustments upon changes in Common Stock, no amendment shall be effective unless
approved by the stockholders of the Company to the extent stockholder approval
is necessary to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3 or any Nasdaq or
securities exchange listing requirements.

         (b)      STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Board may, in its sole discretion,
submit any other amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but
not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of
Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder regarding the
exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate
deductibility of compensation paid to certain executive officers.

         (c)      NO IMPAIRMENT OF RIGHTS. Rights under any Stock Award granted
before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan
unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (ii) the
Participant consents in writing.

                                       14.

<PAGE>

         (d)      AMENDMENT OF STOCK AWARDS. The Board at any time, and from
time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards; provided,
however, that the rights under any Stock Award shall not be impaired by any such
amendment unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and
(ii) the Participant consents in writing.

13.      TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THE PLAN.

         (a)      PLAN TERM. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any
time. No Stock Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended
or after it is terminated.

         (b)      NO IMPAIRMENT OF RIGHTS. Suspension or termination of the Plan
shall not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the
Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the Participant.

14.      EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN.

         The Plan shall become effective as determined by the Board.

15.      CHOICE OF LAW.

         The law of the State of Delaware shall govern all questions concerning
the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to
such state's conflict of laws rules.

                                      15.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
