<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pmco_ex10-6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                       PURCHASE AGREEMENT


      THIS  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (the "Agreement")  is  made  and
entered  into as of the 31st day of January, 2003, by and between
the following:

      MICHAEL S. GOODLETT, an individual, and TERRENCE RIELY,  an
individual,   (hereinafter,   each   being   a   "Seller"    and,
collectively, the "Sellers"); and

       PARAMCO   FINANCIAL  GROUP,  INC.,  a  Nevada  corporation
(hereinafter "Paramco").


                       W I T N E S S E T H


      WHEREAS,  subject  to  the terms  and  conditions  of  this
Agreement,  Paramco  and Sellers desire for Paramco  to  purchase
from  Sellers  and  for Sellers to sell to  Paramco  all  of  the
outstanding  common  stock of WOODLANDS S.A. FINANCIAL  SERVICES,
INC., a Texas corporation (the "Woodlands Stock" and "Woodlands",
respectively); and

      WHEREAS,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Paramco  deems  it
desirable  and  in  the  best  interests  of  Paramco   and   its
stockholders  that  Paramco  purchase  the  Woodlands  Stock   in
consideration of issuance by Paramco to Sellers an  aggregate  of
one  hundred fifty thousand (150,000) shares of Paramco Series  C
Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Paramco Shares"); and

      WHEREAS,  Sellers  deems  it  desirable  and  in  the  best
interests  of  Sellers that Sellers sell the Woodlands  Stock  to
Paramco; and

      WHEREAS,  Paramco and Seller desire to provide for  certain
undertakings,   conditions,  representations,   warranties,   and
covenants  in  connection with the transactions  contemplated  by
this Agreement; and

      WHEREAS, Sellers and the Board of Directors of Paramco have
approved  and  adopted this Agreement, subject to the  terms  and
conditions set forth herein;

      NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises  and  the
mutual  covenants  and agreements herein contained,  the  parties
hereto do hereby agree as follows:


                            SECTION 1

                           DEFINITIONS

     1.1  "Agreement", "Woodlands", "Woodlands Stock", "Paramco",
"Paramco  Shares",  "Seller" and "Sellers",  respectively,  shall
have  the meanings defined in the foregoing preamble and recitals
to this Agreement.

     1.2   "Closing  Date" shall mean 10:00  a.m.,  local  time,
January  31,  2003, at Denver, Colorado, the date  on  which  the
parties  hereto shall close the transactions contemplated herein;
provided  that the parties can change the Closing Date and  place
of  Closing  to  such other time and place as the  parties  shall
mutually agree, in writing.  As of the Closing Date, all Exhibits
to  this  Agreement  shall  be  complete  and  attached  to  this
Agreement.




-PAGE-




      1.3   "1933 Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933,  as
amended.

      1.4   "1934 Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934, as amended.

      1.5   "SEC  Documents" shall have the  meaning  defined  in
Section 3.5 hereof.

      1.6   "Confidential  information" shall  have  the  meaning
defined in Section 11.1 hereof.


                            SECTION 2

       AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE OF WOODLANDS STOCK

     2.1  Substantive Terms of the Purchase and Sale of Woodlands
Stock.

      Sellers  shall  sell  and deliver to  Paramco  one  hundred
percent  (100%)  of the issued and outstanding capital  stock  of
Woodlands  in a form enabling Paramco, then and there, to  become
the  record and beneficial owner of said common stock, consisting
of two thousand (2,000) shares, which represent all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Woodlands.

     2.2  Consideration Paid by Paramco.

                (a)  Paramco shall deliver to Sellers the Paramco
          Shares,  as  follows:  seventy-five  thousand  (75,000)
          shares  to be issued in the name of Michael S. Goodlett
          and  seventy-five thousand (75,000) shares to be issued
          in  the  name  of  Terrence Riely.  The Paramco  Shares
          shall   be   issued  pursuant  to  an  exemption   from
          registration  under the 1933 Act and from  registration
          under any and all applicable state securities laws  and
          the  certificates representing the Paramco Shares shall
          bear  the restrictive legend set forth in Rule  144  of
          the  Rules  and  Regulations of the 1933  Act  and  any
          appropriate  legend  required  under  applicable  state
          securities  laws.  The Paramco Shares shall be  validly
          issued and outstanding, fully paid, and non-assessable.

                (b)  It is the present intention of Paramco that,
          following the Closing Date, Woodlands will operate as a
          wholly owned subsidiary of Paramco.


                            SECTION 3

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARAMCO

      Paramco, in order to induce each of Sellers to execute this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein,
represents and warrants to Sellers, as follows:




-PAGE-




       3.1    Organization  and  Qualification.   Paramco  is   a
corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing,  and  in   good
standing  under the laws of Nevada, with all requisite power  and
authority to own its property and to carry on its business as  it
is  now  being conducted.  Paramco is duly qualified as a foreign
corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction  where  the
ownership,  lease,  or operation of property or  the  conduct  of
business requires such qualification, except where the failure to
be  in  good standing or so qualified would not have a  material,
adverse effect on the financial condition or business of Paramco.

      3.2   Ownership of Paramco.  Paramco is authorized to issue
two  classes  of stock of up to 50,000,000 common shares,  $0.001
par  value  per  share,  of  which  approximately  7,333,678  are
currently   issued  and  outstanding,  and  of  up  to  5,000,000
preferred  shares, $0.001 par value per share.  As of this  date,
(a)  131,000  shares of preferred stock have been  designated  as
Series  A  Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which  shares  are
issued  and outstanding, (b) 3,750,000 shares of preferred  stock
have  been  designated as Series B Convertible  Preferred  Stock,
none  of which shares are issued and outstanding, and (c) 150,000
shares  of  preferred  stock have been  designated  as  Series  C
Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which shares are issued  and
outstanding.   The  remainder 969,000 shares of  preferred  stock
have not been designated or determined by Paramco.  There are  no
options, warrants, or other securities exercisable or convertible
into  or  any  calls,  commitments, or  agreements  of  any  kind
relating to any unissued equity securities of Paramco.

      3.3  Authorization and Validity.  Paramco has the requisite
power  and is duly authorized to execute and deliver and to carry
out  the  terms  of this Agreement.  The board of  directors  and
stockholders  of Paramco have taken all action required  by  law,
its  Articles  of Incorporation and Bylaws, both as  amended,  or
otherwise  to  authorize  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this
Agreement  and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
hereby,  subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the  conditions
precedent  set  forth  in Section 8 of this Agreement.   Assuming
this  Agreement has been approved by all action necessary on  the
part  of Sellers, this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement
of Paramco.

     3.4   No  Defaults.  Paramco is not in default under  or  in
violation  of  any provision of its Articles of Incorporation  or
Bylaws, both as amended.  Paramco is not in default under  or  in
violation  of any material provision of any indenture,  mortgage,
deed  of  trust,  lease, loan agreement, or  other  agreement  or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound  or  to
which  any  of  its  is  subject, if such default  would  have  a
material,  adverse effect on the financial condition or  business
of  Paramco.  Paramco is not in violation of  any  statute,  law,
ordinance,  order, judgment, rule, regulation, permit, franchise,
or  other  approval or authorization of any court or governmental
agency  or  body  having  jurisdiction over  it  or  any  of  its
properties  which,  if enforced, would have a  material,  adverse
effect  on  the  financial  condition  or  business  of  Paramco.
Neither  the  execution and delivery of this Agreement,  nor  the
consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  herein,   will
conflict  with or result in a breach of or constitute  a  default
under any of the foregoing or result in the creation of any lien,
mortgage,  pledge,  charge,  or encumbrance  upon  any  asset  of
Paramco and no consents or waivers thereunder are required to  be
obtained  in  connection  therewith in order  to  consummate  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.5  SEC Documents; Financial Statements.  As of the Closing,
Paramco  has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements  and
other  documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant
to  the  reporting  requirements of the  1934  Act  (all  of  the
foregoing  filed  prior  to  the date  hereof  and  all  exhibits
included  therein and financial statements and schedules  thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter
referred to as the "SEC Documents").




-PAGE-




As  of  their  respective dates, the SEC Documents  substantially
complied  in all material respects with the requirements  of  the
1934  Act  and  the rules and regulations of the SEC  promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of  the  SEC
Documents,  at  the time they were filed with the SEC,  contained
any  untrue  statement of a material fact or omitted to  state  a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to  make  the  statements therein, in light of the  circumstances
under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading.   As  of  their
respective dates, the financial statements of Paramco included in
the  SEC  Documents  substantially complied as  to  form  in  all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect  thereto.
Such  financial  statements  have been  prepared  in  substantial
accordance   with   generally  accepted  accounting   principles,
consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i)  as
may  be  otherwise indicated in such financial statements or  the
notes   thereto,  or  (ii)  in  the  case  of  unaudited  interim
statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes  or  may  be
condensed  or  summary  statements) and  fairly  present  in  all
material  respects the financial position of Paramco  as  of  the
dates  thereof and the results of its operations and  cash  flows
for  the  periods then ended (subject, in the case  of  unaudited
statements,  to  normal  year-end audit adjustments).   No  other
information  provided by or on behalf of Paramco to  the  Sellers
which  is  not included in the SEC Documents, including,  without
limitation, contains any untrue statement of a material  fact  or
omits  to state any material fact necessary in order to make  the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they  are or were made, not misleading.  Neither the Company  nor
any  of its officers, directors, employees or agents has provided
the Sellers with any material, non-public information.

      3.6   Absence  of Certain Changes.  Since the  most  recent
filing  by  Paramco  with the SEC, there  has  been  no  material
adverse  change  and  no  material  adverse  development  in  the
business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of
operations  or  prospects of Paramco. Paramco has not  taken  any
steps,  and does not currently expect to take any steps, to  seek
protection  pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor does Paramco  have
any  knowledge or reason to believe that its creditors intend  to
initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings.

      3.7   Documents.   The copies of all agreements  and  other
instruments  that have been delivered by Paramco to  Sellers  are
true,  correct,  and  complete  copies  of  such  agreements  and
instruments and include all amendments thereto.

     3.8  Disclosure.  The representations and warranties made by
Paramco  herein  and in any schedule, statement, certificate,  or
document  furnished  or  to be furnished by  Paramco  to  Sellers
pursuant  to  the  provisions hereof or in  connection  with  the
transactions contemplated hereby, taken as a whole,  do  not  and
will  not  as  of  their  respective  dates  contain  any  untrue
statements  of a material fact, or omit to state a material  fact
necessary to make the statements made not misleading.


                            SECTION 4

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

      Each  of Sellers, jointly and severally, in order to induce
Paramco   to  execute  this  Agreement  and  to  consummate   the
transactions  contemplated  herein, represents  and  warrants  to
Paramco as follows:




-PAGE-




      4.1   Organization and Qualification.  Woodlands is a Texas
corporation,  duly  organized,  validly  existing,  and  in  good
standing  under the laws of the state of Texas with all requisite
power  and authority to own its property and assets and to  carry
on  its  business  as  it is now being conducted.   Woodlands  is
qualified  as  a foreign corporation and is in good  standing  in
each  jurisdiction where the ownership, lease,  or  operation  of
property   or   the  conduct  of  its  business   requires   such
qualification, except where the failure to be in good standing or
so  qualified  would not have a material, adverse effect  on  the
financial condition and business of Woodlands.

     4.2  Ownership of Woodlands Stock.  Woodlands is authorized to
issue  one  class  of  stock,  of up  to  five  hundred  thousand
(500,000) shares of common stock, no par value per share.  At the
date  hereof,  of  such authorized shares, two  thousand  (2,000)
shares  of  common  stock  have  been  validly  issued  and   are
outstanding, fully paid, and non-assessable.  All of  the  shares
of common stock are owned of record and beneficially by either of
Sellers,  neither of whom has granted any options,  warrants,  or
other  securities exercisable or convertible into or  any  calls,
commitments,  or agreements of any kind relating  to  any  issued
equity  securities of Woodlands.  There are no options, warrants,
or other securities exercisable or convertible into or any calls,
commitments,  or agreements of any kind relating to any  unissued
equity securities of Woodlands by or on behalf of Woodlands.

      4.3   Authorization  and Validity.   Each  Seller  has  the
requisite power and is duly authorized to execute and deliver and
to  carry  out  the  terms  of  this  Agreement.   Assuming  this
Agreement has been approved by all action necessary on  the  part
of  Paramco,  this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement  of
Sellers.

     4.4  Woodlands' Financial Statements.

           (a)   Woodlands financial statements (as  prepared  by
     Sellers as the management of Woodlands) for the fiscal years
     ended December 31, 2000, 2001, and 2002, including, in  each
     case,  any  notes thereto for each of the fiscal years  then
     ended, fairly and accurately present the financial condition
     and  the  results  of operations, income, expenses,  assets,
     liabilities, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows
     of  Woodlands, as of the respective dates thereof,  and  for
     the  periods  referred to therein, all  in  accordance  with
     GAAP,  consistent  with  the  past  practices  of  Woodlands
     (collectively, "Woodlands' Financial Statements").

           (b)   Woodlands' Financial Statements are  capable  of
     being examined and reported upon with an unqualified opinion
     expressed  by  an  independent public  or  certified  public
     accountant  and  will  comply  with  the  requirements   and
     standards  set  forth in Regulation S-X, as promulgated  and
     adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

       4.5    Conduct  and  Transactions  of  Woodlands.    Since
inception, Woodlands has conducted the operations of its business
consistent  with  past  practice and used  its  best  efforts  to
maintain   and  preserve  its  properties,  key  employees,   and
relationships with customers and suppliers.  Without limiting the
foregoing, during such period Woodlands did not:




-PAGE-




           (a)   Incur  any  liabilities except to  maintain  its
     facilities  and  assets  in  the  ordinary  course  of   its
     business;

           (b)   Declare  or pay any dividends on any  shares  of
     capital  stock or make any other distribution of  assets  to
     the holders thereof;

           (c)   Issue,  reissue, or sell, or  issue  options  or
     rights  to  subscribe  to, or enter  into  any  contract  or
     commitment to issue, reissue, or sell, any shares of capital
     stock  or acquire or agree to acquire any shares of  capital
     stock;

           (d)  Amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws  or
     merge  or consolidate with or into any other corporation  or
     sell all or substantially all of its assets or change in any
     manner the rights of its capital stock or other securities;

           (e)   Pay or incur any obligation or liability, direct
     or   contingent,  except  in  the  ordinary  course  of  its
     business;

          (f)  Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, assume,
     guarantee,  endorse,  or  otherwise become  responsible  for
     obligations of any other party, or make loans or advances to
     any  other  party  except  in the  ordinary  course  of  its
     business;

          (g)  Increase in any manner the compensation, direct or
     indirect,  of  any  of its officers or executive  employees,
     except as otherwise disclosed in Exhibit 4.5(g), hereto; or

           (h)   Make  any  capital expenditures  except  in  the
     ordinary course of its business.

      4.6   Compensation Due Employees.  As of the Closing  Date,
Woodlands will not have any outstanding liability for payment  of
wages,   payroll   taxes,  vacation  pay  (whether   accrued   or
otherwise), salaries, bonuses, pensions, contributions under  any
employee   benefit  plans  or  other  compensation,  current   or
deferred,  under any labor or employment contracts, whether  oral
or  written, based upon or accruing in respect of those  services
of  employees of Woodlands that have been performed prior to  the
Closing Date, except as specified on Exhibit 4.6 hereto.   As  of
the   Closing  Date,  Woodlands  will  not  have  any   unfunded,
contingent or other liability under any defined benefits plan  or
any  other  retirement  or  retirement-type  plan,  whether  such
plan(s)  are to continue or are thereupon terminated, except  for
the  normal  on-going obligations for future contributions  under
such  plan(s)  not  related, generally or  specifically,  to  the
termination of such plan(s) or except as specified on Exhibit 4.6
hereto.

      4.7  Union Agreements and Employment Agreements.  Woodlands
is  not  a  party  to any union agreement or any organized  labor
dispute.    Woodlands  has  no  written  or   verbal   employment
agreements with any of its employees, except as listed in Exhibit
4.7 hereto.

      4.8  Contracts and Leases.  Except as listed in Exhibit 4.8
hereto,  Woodlands is not a party to any written or oral  leases,
commitments,  or  any  other agreements.  On  the  Closing  Date,
Woodlands  has  paid  or performed in all material  respects  all
obligations required to be paid or performed by any  of  them  to
such  date  and  will  not  be  in default  under  any  document,
contract, agreement, lease, or other commitment to which  any  of
them is a party.




-PAGE-




      4.9  Insurance.  All insurance against losses or damages or
other  risks  which  are  in force for  the  benefit  of  any  of
Woodlands are set forth in Exhibit 4.9 hereto.

      4.10 Liabilities.  Woodlands has no liabilities, except  as
described in Exhibit 4.10 hereto, which liabilities are also  set
forth in relevant detail on Woodlands' Financial Statements.

     4.11 Proprietary Rights.  Woodlands owns or is duly licensed
to use such trademarks and copyrights as are necessary to conduct
its business as presently conducted.  The conduct of business  by
Woodlands  does  not, to the best knowledge of Sellers,  infringe
upon the trademarks or copyrights of any third party.

     4.12 Internal Controls.  Since inception,

            (a)   There  have  been  no  transactions  except  in
     accordance  with  the general or specific  authorization  of
     management of Woodlands;

           (b)   Woodlands has devised and maintained systems  of
     internal  accounting controls and procedures (the  "Internal
     Controls")   that  were  designed  with  the  objective   of
     providing   reasonable   assurance   that   (1)   Woodlands'
     transactions were properly authorized; (2) Woodlands' assets
     were  safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use;  and
     (3)  Woodlands'  transactions  were  properly  recorded  and
     reported,  all  (i) to permit the preparation of  Woodlands'
     financial  statements in conformity with generally  accepted
     accounting  principles  and (ii) to maintain  accountability
     for assets and expenses.

           (c)   Woodlands'  chief executive  officer  and  chief
     financial   officer   have  evaluated  Woodlands'   Internal
     Controls,  which  evaluation  included  a  review   of   the
     controls'   objectives   and  design   and   the   controls'
     implementation  by  Woodlands and its  management.   In  the
     course  of  the  Internal  Controls' evaluation,  Woodlands'
     management   sought  to  identify  data   errors,   controls
     problems,  or acts of fraud and to confirm that  appropriate
     corrective  action,  including  process  improvements,  were
     being undertaken.  The Internal Controls were also evaluated
     on  an  ongoing  basis  by  other  personnel  in  Woodlands'
     organization.  Among other matters, Woodlands has sought  to
     determine  whether there were any "significant deficiencies"
     or  "material  weaknesses"  in  the  Internal  Controls,  or
     whether Woodlands had identified any acts of fraud involving
     personnel  who  had  a  significant  role  in  the  Internal
     Controls.   For  purposes  of this subsection,  "significant
     deficiencies" means "reportable conditions" (control  issues
     that  could have a significant adverse effect on the ability
     to  record, process, summarize and report financial data  in
     the  financial statements) and "material weakness"  means  a
     particularly serious reportable condition where the Internal
     Controls  do not reduce to a relatively low level  the  risk
     that  misstatements caused by error or fraud  may  occur  in
     amounts  that  would be material in relation  to  Woodlands'
     Financial  Statements and not be detected  within  a  timely
     period by employees in the normal course of performing their
     assigned functions.  Woodlands has also sought to deal  with
     other  Internal Controls matters in the evaluation  thereof,
     and,  in  each case if a problem were identified,  Woodlands
     considered  what revision, improvement and/or correction  to
     make in accord with its on-going procedures.

      4.13 Contracts and Agreements.  Woodlands is not a party to
any  material contracts or agreements in respect of the operation
of its business, except as listed in Exhibit 4.13 hereto.




-PAGE-




      4.14  Minute Books.  The minute books of Woodlands contains
true,  complete, and accurate records of all meetings  and  other
corporate actions of its shareholders and Board of Directors, and
true  and accurate copies thereof have been delivered to  counsel
for  Paramco prior to the Closing Date.  The signatures appearing
on all documents contained therein are the true signatures of the
persons purporting to have signed the same.

     4.15 Litigation.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.15, there
are  no  actions, suits, proceedings, orders, investigations,  or
claims  (whether  or  not  purportedly on  behalf  of  Woodlands)
pending  against or affecting Woodlands at law or  in  equity  or
before or by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental
department,   commission,  board,  agency,  or   instrumentality,
domestic  or  foreign, nor has any such action, suit, proceeding,
or investigation been pending or threatened in writing during the
12-month  period preceding the date hereof, which,  if  adversely
determined,  would materially and adversely affect the  financial
condition  of  Woodlands  which seeks to prohibit,  restrict,  or
delay  the  consummation of the stock sale  contemplated  hereby.
Woodlands  is  not operating under or subject to, or  in  default
with  respect to, any order, writ, injunction, or decree  of  any
court   or  federal,  state,  municipal,  or  other  governmental
department, commission, board, agency, or instrumentality.

      4.16  Taxes.  At the Closing Date, all tax returns required
to be filed with respect to the operations or assets of Woodlands
prior  to  Closing  Date  have been  correctly  prepared  in  all
material respects and timely filed, and all taxes required to  be
paid  in respect of the periods covered by such returns have been
paid  in full or adequate reserves have been established for  the
payment  of such taxes.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.16,  as
of the Closing Date, Woodlands has not requested any extension of
time  within  which  to  file  any tax  returns,  and  all  known
deficiencies for any tax, assessment, or governmental  charge  or
duty  shall have been paid in full or adequate reserves have been
established  for  the  payment of  such  taxes.   Woodlands'  tax
returns  are  true  and  complete in all material  respects.   No
audits  by federal or state authorities are currently pending  or
threatened.

      4.17 No Defaults.  Woodlands is not in default under or  in
violation  of  any provision of its Articles of Incorporation  or
Bylaws.  Woodlands is not in default under or in violation of any
material  provision of any indenture, mortgage,  deed  of  trust,
lease, loan agreement, or other agreement or instrument to  which
it  is  a  party or by which it is bound or to which any  of  its
assets  are  subject,  if  such default would  have  a  material,
adverse  effect  on  the  financial  condition  or  business   of
Woodlands.   Woodlands is not in violation of any  statute,  law,
ordinance,  order, judgment, rule, regulation, permit, franchise,
or  other  approval or authorization of any court or governmental
agency  or  body  having  jurisdiction over  it  or  any  of  its
properties  which,  if enforced, would have a  material,  adverse
effect  on  the  financial condition or  business  of  Woodlands.
Neither  the  execution and delivery of this Agreement,  nor  the
consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  herein,   will
conflict  with or result in a breach of or constitute  a  default
under any of the foregoing or result in the creation of any lien,
mortgage,  pledge,  charge,  or encumbrance  upon  any  asset  of
Woodlands  and no consents or waivers thereunder are required  to
be  obtained  in connection therewith in order to consummate  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      4.18  Documents.   The copies of all agreements  and  other
instruments  that have been delivered by Sellers to  Paramco  are
true,  correct,  and  complete  copies  of  such  agreements  and
instruments and include all amendments thereto.




-PAGE-




     4.19 Disclosure.  The representations and warranties made by
Sellers  herein  and in any schedule, statement, certificate,  or
document furnished or to be furnished by Woodlands and/or  either
of  Sellers  to Paramco pursuant to the provisions hereof  or  in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby taken  as  a
whole  do  not and will not as of their respective dates  contain
any  untrue  statements of a material fact, or omit  to  state  a
material   fact  necessary  to  make  the  statements  made   not
misleading.


                            SECTION 5

                  INVESTIGATION; PRESS RELEASE

     5.1  Investigation.

            (a)   Paramco  acknowledges  that  it  has  made   an
     investigation  of Woodlands to confirm, among other  things,
     the assets, liabilities, and status of business of Woodlands
     and the cash position, accounts receivable, liabilities, and
     mortgages in process.  In the event of termination  of  this
     Agreement,  Paramco will deliver to Sellers  all  documents,
     work  papers,  and  other materials and all  copies  thereof
     obtained  by  Paramco, or on its behalf, from  Woodlands  or
     Sellers,  whether  obtained before or  after  the  execution
     hereof,   will   not  use,  directly  or   indirectly,   any
     confidential information obtained from Woodlands or  Sellers
     hereunder or in connection herewith, and will keep all  such
     information confidential and not used in any way detrimental
     to  Woodlands or Sellers except to the extent  the  same  is
     publicly disclosed by Woodlands or Sellers.

           (b)  Each of Sellers acknowledges that he has made  an
     investigation  of Paramco, which has included,  among  other
     things,   the  opportunity  of  discussions  with  executive
     officers   of  Paramco,  and  its  accountants,   investment
     bankers, and counsel.  In the event of termination  of  this
     Agreement,  Sellers will deliver to Paramco  all  documents,
     work  papers,  and  other materials and all  copies  thereof
     obtained by either of them, or on behalf of either of  them,
     from Paramco, whether obtained before or after the execution
     hereof  and  will  not  use,  directly  or  indirectly,  any
     confidential information obtained from Paramco hereunder  or
     in  connection herewith, and will keep all such  information
     confidential and not used in any way detrimental to Paramco,
     except  to  the  extent  the same is publicly  disclosed  by
     Paramco.

          (c)  Except in the event that any party hereto discovers in the
     course  of  its  respective investigation any  breach  of  a
     representation or warranty by the other party hereto and does not
     disclose it to such other party prior to the Closing Date, no
     investigation pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall affect or be
     deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by any party
     hereto.

     5.2   Press  Release.  Paramco and Sellers shall agree  with
each other as to the form and substance of any press releases and
the  filing  of  any documents with any federal or  state  agency
related  to  this  Agreement  and the  transactions  contemplated
hereby  and  shall consult with each other as  to  the  form  and
substance  of other public disclosures related thereto; provided,
however,  that  nothing  contained herein shall  prohibit  either
party   from  making  any  disclosure  that  its  counsel   deems
necessary.




-PAGE-




                            SECTION 6

                            BROKERAGE

      6.1   Brokers and Finders.  Except as set forth in  Exhibit
6.1,  neither  Paramco nor Sellers, or any  of  their  respective
officers,  directors,  employees, or  agents,  has  employed  any
broker,  finder, or financial advisor or incurred  any  liability
for  any  fee  or  commissions in connection with initiating  the
transactions  contemplated herein.  Each party hereto  agrees  to
indemnify and hold the other party harmless against or in respect
of  any commissions, finder's fees, or brokerage fees incurred or
alleged  to  have  been incurred with respect to  initiating  the
transactions contemplated herein as a result of any action of the
indemnifying party.


                            SECTION 7

               CLOSING AGREEMENTS AND POST-CLOSING

     7.1  Closing Agreements.  On the Closing Date, the following
activities  shall  occur,  the  following  agreements  shall   be
executed and delivered, and the respective parties thereto  shall
have  performed all acts that are required by the terms  of  such
activities  and  agreements to have been performed simultaneously
with the execution and delivery thereof as of the Closing Date:

            (a)    Sellers  shall  have  executed  and  delivered
     documents  to Paramco sufficient then and there to  transfer
     record  and beneficial ownership to Paramco of the Woodlands
     Stock,  consisting of an aggregate of 2,000 shares of common
     stock of Woodlands;

          (b)  Paramco shall have delivered to Sellers the Paramco Shares,
     consisting of one hundred fifty thousand (150,000) shares of
     Paramco's Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, as  follows:
     seventy-five thousand (75,000) shares in the name of Michael S.
     Goodlett and seventy-five thousand (75,000) shares in the name of
     Terrence Riely.


                            SECTION 8

     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PARAMCO'S OBLIGATIONS TO CLOSE

      The obligations of Paramco to consummate this Agreement are
subject  to satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date  of  the
following conditions:

      8.1   Representations and Warranties.  The  representations
and  warranties of Sellers contained in this Agreement  shall  be
true  and  correct  in all material respects on  and  as  of  the
Closing  Date, and Sellers shall have performed in  all  material
respects  all  of  his obligations hereunder  theretofore  to  be
performed.

      8.2   Other.  The joint conditions precedent in Section  10
hereof  shall have been satisfied and all documents required  for
Closing shall be acceptable to Counsel for Paramco.




-PAGE-




                            SECTION 9

      CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLERS' OBLIGATIONS TO CLOSE

      The  obligation of Sellers to consummate this Agreement  is
subject  to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing  Date  of
the following conditions:

      9.1   Representations and Warranties.  The  representations
and  warranties of Paramco contained in this Agreement  shall  be
true  and  correct  in all material respects on  and  as  of  the
Closing  Date, and Paramco shall have performed in  all  material
respects  all  of  its obligations hereunder  theretofore  to  be
performed.

      9.2   Other.  The joint conditions precedent in Section  10
hereof shall have been satisfied.


                           SECTION 10

                   JOINT CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

      The  obligations of Paramco and Sellers to consummate  this
Agreement  shall be subject to satisfaction or waiver in  writing
by  all  parties  of  each  and all of the  following  additional
conditions precedent at or prior to the Closing Date:

      10.1  Other Agreements.  All of the agreements contemplated
by  Section  7.1 of this Agreement shall have been  executed  and
delivered, and all acts required to be performed thereunder as of
the  Closing  Date  shall  have been duly  performed,  including,
without limitation, completion of all exhibits to this Agreement.

      10.2  Absence  of Litigation.  At the Closing  Date,  there
shall  be  no  action, suit, or proceeding pending or  threatened
against  any  of  the parties hereto by any person,  governmental
agency,  or  subdivision thereof, nor shall there be  pending  or
threatened  any  action in any court or administrative  tribunal,
which would have the effect of inhibiting the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein.


                           SECTION 11

                         CONFIDENTIALITY

      11.1  Paramco  acknowledges that its principals  have,  and
will,  acquire  information  and materials  from  Sellers  and/or
Woodlands and knowledge about the technology, business, products,
strategies,  customers, clients and suppliers  of  Woodlands  and
that all such information, materials and knowledge acquired,  are
and  will  be  trade  secrets  and confidential  and  proprietary
information    of   Woodlands   (collectively,   such    acquired
information,  materials,  and  knowledge  are  the  "Confidential
Information").   Paramco, itself, and behalf of  its  principals,
covenants  to  hold  such  Confidential  Information  in   strict
confidence,  not to disclose it to others or use it in  any  way,
commercially  or  otherwise,  except  in  connection   with   the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and not to allow  any
unauthorized person access to such Confidential Information.




-PAGE-




      11.2  The Confidential Information disclosed by the Sellers
and/or  Woodlands  to Paramco shall remain the  property  of  the
disclosing party.

      11.3 Paramco, and its principals, shall maintain in secrecy
all  Confidential Information disclosed to them by Sellers and/or
Woodlands using not less than reasonable care.  Paramco, and  its
principals, shall not use or disclose in any manner to any  third
party  any  Confidential Information without the express  written
consent   of   the  Seller  unless  or  until  the   Confidential
Information is:

           (a)   publicly  available or otherwise in  the  public
     domain; or

           (b)   rightfully obtained by any third  party  without
     restriction; or

           (c)   disclosed  by  Sellers and/or Woodlands  without
     restriction  pursuant  to  judicial  action,  or  government
     regulations or other requirements.

      11.4  The obligations of Paramco under Sections 11.1, 11.2,
and  11.3 of this Agreement shall expire upon the sooner  of  the
Closing  or  one  year from the date hereof  as  to  Confidential
Information  consisting of commercial and  financial  information
and two years from the date hereof as to Confidential Information
consisting of technical information.  For this purpose, technical
information  shall  include without limitation all  developments,
inventions, innovations, designs, discoveries, trade secrets  and
know-how, whether or not patentable or copyrightable.


                           SECTION 12

                     TERMINATION AND WAIVER

      12.1  Termination.  This Agreement may  be  terminated  and
abandoned on the Closing Date by:

           (a)   the  mutual consent in writing  of  the  parties
     hereto;

          (b)  Paramco, if the conditions precedent in Sections 8
     and  10  of this Agreement have not been satisfied or waived
     by the Closing Date; and

          (c)  Sellers, if the conditions precedent in Sections 9 and 10 of
     this Agreement have not been satisfied or waived by the Closing
     Date.

If  this  Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section  12.1,  the
parties hereto shall not have any further obligations under  this
Agreement,  and  each  party shall bear all  costs  and  expenses
incurred by it.




-PAGE-




                           SECTION 13

          NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, ETC.

      13.1  All statements contained in any certificate or  other
instrument  delivered  by  or on behalf  of  Paramco  or  Sellers
pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with the transactions
contemplated   hereby   shall  be  deemed   representations   and
warranties by such party.  All representations and warranties and
agreements  made  by  Paramco or Sellers  in  this  Agreement  or
pursuant  hereto  shall survive the Closing Date hereunder  until
the expiration of the 12th month following the Closing Date.


                           SECTION 14

                          MISCELLANEOUS

      14.1 Notices.  Any notices or other communications required
or permitted hereunder shall be sufficiently given if written and
delivered in person or sent by registered mail, postage  prepaid,
addressed as follows:

          to Sellers:    Michael S. Goodlett
                         Terrence Riely
                         2391 N.E. Loop 410
                         Suite 103
                         San Antonio, Texas 78217

          to Paramco:    Paramco Financial Group, Inc.
                         Attn: Douglas G. Gregg
                         4610 So. Ulster Street
                         Suite 150
                         Denver, Colorado 80237

          copy to:         Bryan Cave LLP
       (which shall not    Attn:  Randolf W. Katz, Esq.
       constitute notice)  2020 Main Street, Suite 600
                           Irvine, California 92614

or  such  other address as shall be furnished in writing  by  the
appropriate person, and any such notice or communication shall be
deemed to have been given as of the date so mailed.

      14.2 Time of the Essence.  Time shall be of the essence  of
this Agreement.

      14.3  Costs.   Each party will bear the costs and  expenses
incurred  by  it  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the
transactions contemplated hereby.

      14.4  Cancellation of Agreement.  In the  event  that  this
Agreement  is canceled by mutual agreement of the parties  or  by
failures  of  any  of  the  conditions  precedent  set  forth  in
Paragraphs  8,  9, and 10, neither Sellers nor Paramco  shall  be
entitled to any damages, fees, costs, or other consideration.




-PAGE-




      14.5  Entire  Agreement and Amendment.  This Agreement  and
documents  delivered  at the Closing Date hereunder  contain  the
entire  agreement between the parties hereto with respect to  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and  supersedes  all
other  agreements, written or oral, with respect  thereto.   This
Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, and any
rights  hereunder may be waived, only by an agreement in writing,
duly and validly executed in the same manner as this Agreement or
by  the  party  against whom the waiver would be  asserted.   The
waiver  of  any  right  hereunder shall be  effective  only  with
respect to the matter specifically waived and shall not act as  a
continuing waiver unless it so states by its terms.

     14.6 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts each of which shall be deemed to constitute  an
original and shall become effective when one or more counterparts
have  been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other
party.

      14.7  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed  by,
and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Colorado.

      14.8 Attorneys' Fees and Costs.  In the event any party  to
this Agreement shall be required to initiate legal proceedings to
enforce  performance of any term or condition of this  Agreement,
including, but not limited to, the interpretation of any term  or
provision hereof, the payment of moneys or the enjoining  of  any
action  prohibited  hereunder,  the  prevailing  party  shall  be
entitled  to recover such sums, in addition to any other  damages
or  compensation received, as will reimburse the prevailing party
for  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  court  costs  incurred  on
account thereof (including, without limitation, the costs of  any
appeal)  notwithstanding the nature of  the  claim  or  cause  of
action asserted by the prevailing party.

      14.9 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the  benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and  their
respective    heirs,    executors,   personal    representatives,
successors, and assigns, as the case may be.

     14.10     Access to Counsel.  Each party hereto acknowledges
that  each  has  had access to legal counsel of her  or  its  own
choice  and has obtained such advice therefrom, if any,  as  such
party  has deemed necessary and sufficient prior to the execution
hereof.  Each party hereto acknowledges that the drafting of this
Agreement  has  been  a  joint  effort  and  any  ambiguities  or
interpretative issues that may arise from and after the execution
hereof  shall not be decided in favor or, or against,  any  party
hereto  because  the language reflecting any such ambiguities  or
issues may have been drafted by any specific party or her or  its
counsel.

       14.11      Captions.   The  captions  appearing  in   this
Agreement  are  inserted for convenience of  reference  only  and
shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




-PAGE-




     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

PARAMCO FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.



By:  /s/ Douglas G. Gregg
     --------------------------
     DOUGLAS G. GREGG
     President



     /s/   Michael S. Goodlett
     --------------------------
     MICHAEL S. GOODLETT



     /s/   Terrence Riely
     --------------------
     TERRENCE RIELY













-PAGE-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
