<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pmco_ex99-13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                  PARAMCO FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.

                     SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

Paramco Financial Group, Inc.
c/o Douglas G. Gregg, President
4610 So. Ulster St.
Suite 150
Denver, Colorado 80237

Dear Mr. Gregg:

      The  undersigned hereby subscribes to purchase one  hundred
thirty-one  thousand  (131,000) shares of  Series  A  Convertible
Preferred  Stock  (the "Preferred Stock"), of  Paramco  Financial
Group, Inc., a Nevada  corporation (the "Company"), in accordance
with  the  following  paragraphs.  Any questions  regarding  this
document  or  your investment should be directed  to  Douglas  G.
Gregg,  President, Paramco Financial Group, Inc., 4610 So. Ulster
St., Suite 150, Denver, Colorado 80237

              1.   Purchase.  Subject to the terms and conditions
     hereof,   the  undersigned  hereby  irrevocably  agrees   to
     purchase  131,000 shares of Preferred Stock at an  aggregate
     price  of $18,000, and tenders such purchase price by  means
     of  the  "Pass-through Note" in the form attached hereto  as
     Exhibit A.

              2.   Representations and Warranties of the Undersigned.
     The  undersigned  hereby makes the following representations
     and warranties to the Company, and the undersigned agrees to
     indemnify,  hold  harmless, and pay  all  judgments  of  the
     claims  against  the  Company for any liability  or  injury,
     including, but not limited to, that arising under federal or
     state   securities  laws,  incurred  as  a  result  of   any
     misrepresentation  herein  or any  warranties  made  by  the
     undersigned.

                    (a)  The undersigned is the sole and true party
          in interest and is not purchasing for the benefit  of  any
          other person;

                    (b)  The undersigned understands that all books,
          records, and documents of the Company relating to  this
          investment   have   been  and  remain   available   for
          inspection  by the undersigned upon reasonable  notice.
          The  undersigned confirms that all documents  requested
          by  the undersigned have been made available, and  that
          the  undersigned  has been supplied  with  all  of  the
          additional information concerning this investment  that
          has  been requested.  The undersigned confirms that  he
          has obtained sufficient information, in his judgment or
          that  of  his independent purchaser representative,  if
          any,   to  evaluate  the  merits  and  risks  of   this
          investment. The undersigned confirms that  he  has  had
          the  opportunity to obtain such independent  legal  and
          tax  advice  and  financial planning  services  as  the
          undersigned  has deemed appropriate prior to  making  a
          decision to subscribe for Preferred Stock.  In making a
          decision  to  purchase Preferred Stock, the undersigned
          has   relied   exclusively  upon  his  experience   and
          judgment,  or that of his purchaser representative,  if
          any,  upon  such independent investigations as  he,  or
          they, deemed appropriate, and upon information provided
          by  the  Company  in  writing or found  in  the  books,
          records, or documents of the Company;




-PAGE-




                    (c)  The undersigned has such knowledge  and
          experience in financial and business matters  that  the
          undersigned is capable of an evaluation of  the  merits
          and risks of this investment;

                    (d)  The undersigned is aware that an investment
          in  the  Preferred  Stock  is  highly  speculative  and
          subject  to  substantial  risks.   The  undersigned  is
          capable of bearing the high degree of economic risk and
          burdens of this venture, including, but not limited to,
          the  possibility  of a complete loss,  the  lack  of  a
          sustained  and  orderly  public  market,  and   limited
          transferability of the Preferred Stock, which may  make
          the  liquidation of this investment impossible for  the
          indefinite future;

                    (e)  The offer to settle the Company's debt by
          exchanging debt for equity was directly communicated to
          the  undersigned by such a manner that the undersigned,
          or  its  purchaser representative, if any, was able  to
          ask  questions of and receive answers from the  Company
          or  a  person acting on its behalf concerning the terms
          and conditions of this transaction.  At no time, except
          in  connection and concurrently with such  communicated
          offer,  was the undersigned presented with or solicited
          by  or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting,
          television advertisement, or any other form of  general
          advertising;

                    (f)  The  Preferred Stock is being acquired
          solely  for  the undersigned's own account, for investment,
          and  is  not being  purchased  with a view to resale,
          distribution, subdivision, or fractionalization thereof;

                    (g)  The  undersigned  understands that the
          Preferred  Stock has  not  been registered under the
          Securities  Act  of 1933,  as amended (the "Securities Act"),
          or any state securities laws, in reliance upon exemptions
          from regulation  for non-public offerings.  The  undersigned
          understands  that the Preferred Stock or  any  interest
          therein may not be, and agrees that the Preferred Stock
          or   any  interest  therein  will  not  be,  resold  or
          otherwise  disposed  of by the undersigned  unless  the
          Preferred  Stock are subsequently registered under  the
          Securities  Act and under appropriate state  securities
          laws  or  unless  the Company receives  an  opinion  of
          counsel  satisfactory  to it  that  an  exemption  from
          registration is available;

                    (h)   The  undersigned has been informed of and
          understands the following:

                              (1)    There   are   substantial
                    restrictions  on the transferability  of  the
                    Preferred Stock;

                              (2)  No federal or state agency has
                    made  any finding or determination as to  the
                    fairness  for  public  investment,  nor   any
                    recommendation   nor  endorsement,   of   the
                    Preferred Stock;




-PAGE-




                    (i)  None of the following information has ever
          been  represented,  guaranteed,  or  warranted  to  the
          undersigned, expressly or by implication by any broker,
          the  Company, any agent or employee of the Company,  or
          by any other person:

                               (1)   The  approximate  or  exact
                    length  of time that the undersigned will  be
                    required  to  remain  as  a  holder  of   the
                    Preferred Stock;

                               (2)   The amount of consideration,
                    profit, or loss to be realized, if any, as  a
                    result of an investment in the Company;

                               (3)  That the past performance  or
                    experience  of  the  Company,  its  officers,
                    directors, associates, agents, affiliates, or
                    employees or any other person will in any way
                    indicate  or  predict  economic  results   in
                    connection with the plan of operations of the
                    Company or the return on the investment;

                     (j)  The undersigned has not distributed any
          information relating to this investment to anyone other
          than his purchaser representative, if any, and no other
          person  except  such  personal representative  and  the
          undersigned has used this information;

                    (k)  The undersigned hereby agrees to indemnify
          the  Company  and to hold it harmless from and  against
          any  and  all  liability,  damage,  cost,  or  expense,
          including  its attorneys' fees and costs,  incurred  on
          account of or arising out of:

                               (1)  Any material inaccuracy in the
                    declarations, representations, and warranties
                    hereinabove set forth;

                               (2)    The  disposition  of   the
                    Preferred  Stock or any part thereof  by  the
                    undersigned,   contrary  to   the   foregoing
                    declarations,      representations,       and
                    warranties;

                               (3)    Any   action,   suit,   or
                    proceeding based upon:

                                         (i)  the claim that said
                         declarations,    representations,     or
                         warranties were inaccurate or misleading
                         or otherwise cause for obtaining damages
                         or redress from the Company; or

                                         (ii) the disposition  of
                         the Preferred Stock or any part thereof.

                    3.   Transferability.  The undersigned agrees not to
     transfer  or  assign the obligations or duties contained  in
     this  Subscription  Agreement or any  of  the  undersigned's
     interest herein except to a subsidiary or affiliate  of  the
     undersigned.  The undersigned agrees not to sell,  transfer,
     or  assign any of its right, title, and interest in  and  to
     the  Preferred Stock except to a subsidiary or affiliate  of
     the undersigned.

                    4.   Accredited Investor.  The undersigned is an
     "accredited  investor,"  as that term  is  defined  in  Rule
     501(c) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.




-PAGE-




                    5.   Understandings of the Purchaser.  The undersigned
     acknowledges,  understands, and agrees  that  the  Preferred
     Stock  shall  be deemed issued and owned by the  undersigned
     upon  the  Company's receipt of the purchase price  therefor
     and its acceptance thereof.

                    6.   State Securities Laws.  The offering and sale of
     the   Preferred  Stock  is  intended  to  be   exempt   from
     qualification under the securities laws of Nevada, Colorado,
     and California.

                    7.   Joinder in Representations.  Notwithstanding
     anything herein to the contrary, every person or entity who,
     in  addition to or in lieu of the undersigned, is deemed  to
     be  a "purchaser" pursuant to Regulation D, each promulgated
     under the Securities Act or any state law, does hereby  make
     and  join  in  making all of the covenants, representations,
     and warranties made by the undersigned.

                    8.   Acceptance.  Execution and delivery of this
     Subscription Agreement shall constitute an irrevocable offer
     to  purchase  the Preferred Stock indicated.  Acceptance  of
     this  offer  by  the  Company  shall  be  indicated  by  its
     execution hereof.

                    9.   Binding Agreement.  The undersigned agrees that
     the  undersigned may not cancel, terminate, or  revoke  this
     Subscription  Agreement or any agreement of the  undersigned
     made  hereunder, and that this Subscription Agreement  shall
     survive the death or disability of the undersigned and shall
     be  binding  upon the heirs, successors, assigns, executors,
     administrators,   guardians,   conservators,   or   personal
     representatives of the undersigned.

                    10.  Choice of Law; Forum.  Notwithstanding the place
     where  this Subscription Agreement or any counterpart hereof
     may  be  executed by any of the parties hereto, the  parties
     expressly  agree  that all the terms and  provisions  hereof
     shall be construed under the laws of the State of California
     and  that any actions related hereto shall be brought  in  a
     court  of  competent jurisdiction located in the  County  of
     Orange,  State of California, without giving effect  to  the
     choice of law provisions therein.

           IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this
Subscription  Agreement on the date set forth  on  the  signature
page.

The undersigned desires to take title in the Preferred Stock as a
corporation  [individual, trust, partnership, corporation].   The
exact  spelling  of name(s) under which title  to  the  Preferred
Stock shall be taken, and the exact location for delivery of  the
Preferred Stock, is  (please print):


Name(s)   Ashford Capital LLC
         -----------------------        --------------------------


(Address)  65 Enterprise
         -----------------------        --------------------------
          Aliso Viejo, CA 92650
         -----------------------        --------------------------




-PAGE-




                     SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

                         SIGNATURE PAGE


Purchase Price subscribed:  $18,000    Number of Shares subscribed:  131,000
                          ----------                               ----------

    Ashford Capital LLC
  -----------------------              --------------------------
    Name of Purchaser(s)                   Name of Purchaser(s)
   (Please print or type)                 (Please print or type)


   /s/ Walter Wright
  -----------------------              --------------------------
          Signature                          Signature


Social Security/Tax Identification Number(s):

  -----------------------               --------------------------



Mailing Address(s):

65 Enterprise
-----------------------        --------------------------
Aliso Viejo, CA 92650
-----------------------        --------------------------

-----------------------        --------------------------

-----------------------        --------------------------







Executed at Irvine, California, this 3rd day of January, 2003.


SUBSCRIPTION ACCEPTED:

PARAMCO FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.


By:  /s/ Douglas G. Gregg
     ------------------------
     Douglas G. Gregg, President         DATE: January 3, 2003






-PAGE-




Exhibit A to SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT



THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
OR PLEDGED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
SUCH ACT AND STATUTES OR, UNLESS PRIOR TO ANY SALE, TRANSFER, OR PLEDGE,
THE ISSUER RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY
TO IT, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SUCH ACT AND STATUTES AND
THE RULES PROMULGATED THEREUNDER.


                           PROMISSORY NOTE
                             (UNSECURED)

$18,000.00	                                                   Denver, CO
	                                                      January 3, 2003

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, AIRLINE COMMUNICATIONS, LTD., a Nevada,
corporation, promises to pay to ASHFORD CAPITAL, LLC ("Ashford"), or order,
the principal sum of Eighteen Thousand and no/100 dollars ($18,000.00),
together with interest on the outstanding balance of such principal sum
computed at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum from date hereof.
In no event whatsoever shall the amount of interest paid or agreed to be
paid to Ashford pursuant to this Note exceed the highest lawful rate of
interest permissible under applicable law.  If, from any circumstances
whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision of this Note shall involve exceeding
the lawful rate of interest which a court of competent jurisdiction may deem
applicable hereto ("Excess Interest"), then, ipso facto, the obligation to be
fulfilled shall be reduced to the highest lawful rate of interest permissible
under such law and if, for any reason whatsoever, Ashford shall receive, as
interest, an amount that would be deemed unlawful under such applicable law,
such interest shall be applied to the principal balance of this Note and not
to the payment of interest, or refunded to the undersigned if this Note has
been paid in full.  Neither the undersigned nor any guarantor, endorser, or
surety nor their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, or
assigns shall have any action against Ashford for any damages whatsoever
arising out of the payment or collection of any such Excess Interest.

The entire principal balance, together with accrued interest, shall be due
and payable, in full, on April 15, 2003.

There shall be no penalty for prepayment of principal at any time following
the date hereof.

If this Note is not paid in full when it becomes due, Maker agrees to pay all
costs and expenses of collection, including reasonable attorney's fees.

AIRLINE COMMUNICATIONS, LTD.
a Nevada corporation



By:	/s/ Douglas G. Gregg
    -----------------------------
Douglas G. Gregg, President






-PAGE-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
