<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tbii-8k_ex10agr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LICENSING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.16

                          EXCLUSIVE LICENSING AGREEMENT


     This Exclusive Licensing Agreement ("Agreement") is effective as of June 1,
2002, between Terra Block, Inc., a Florida corporation, with its principal place
of business at 2875 S. Orange Avenue,  Suite  500-1208,  Orlando,  Florida 32806
("Licensor") and Terra Block  Consolidated,  Inc., a Nevada corporation with its
principal  place of business at 2637 Erie Avenue,  Suite 207,  Cincinnati,  Ohio
45208, ("Licensee").

1.   GENERAL

     The Licensor holds rights to the Licensed Patent Rights described below.

     Licensee  wishes to obtain the right to exploit the Licensed  Patent Rights
and Trade  Secrets  Materials  and all existing  license  rights in a commercial
setting.

     In consideration  for the mutual promises,  covenants,  and agreements made
below, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:


2.   GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1 GRANT OF EXCLUSIVE  LICENSE AND OPTION.  The Licensor  hereby  grants to the
Licensee:

     (a) an exclusive license to make, have made, use and sell Licensed Products
under the  Licensed  Patent  Rights,  Trade  Secret  Materials  and all existing
license rights in the Territory;

     (b) the exclusive  right and authority to grant  Sublicenses  of the rights
granted in Section 2.1(a) above, subject to the provisions of this Agreement;

     (c) the exclusive  right and option to purchase the Licensed  Patent Rights
upon the  terms  and for the  consideration  set out in  subsection  (e) of this
Section 2.1;

     (d) the term  "Sublicense"  means any grant by  Licensee of any rights to a
sublicensee, under the terms of this Section 2.1. and "Territory" means anywhere
in the world.

     (e) at any  time  during  the  term of  this  Agreement  Licensee,  and its
assigns,  shall have the  exclusive  right and option to purchase  the  Licensed
Patent  Rights and Trade Secret  Materials and existing  license  rights for the
total consideration of $10,000,000 payable as follows:


                                        1

<PAGE>



          (i)  $5,000,000 in cash by bank or federal  reserve wire transfer upon
     delivery of good and marketable title to the Licensed Patent Rights,  Trade
     Secrets,  and existing license rights free and clear of any liens,  claims,
     license  agreements (except those granted under the terms of this agreement
     as noted hereinbefore); and

          (ii) the number of common  voting  shares of  Licensee  determined  by
     dividing $5,000,000 on the date of delivery of title to the Licensed Patent
     Rights,  Trade Secret  Material and existing  license rights by the Current
     Market  Price per  share.  For the  purpose of any  computation  under this
     subparagraph (ii) the Current Market Price per share of Common Stock at any
     date  shall  be  deemed  to be  the  average  Sale  Price  for  the  thirty
     consecutive trading days commencing  forty-five trading days before the day
     in question.

As used herein,  "Sale Price" means the closing  sales price of the Common Stock
(or if no sale price is reported, the average of the high and low bid prices) as
reported  by the  principal  national or  regional  stock  exchange on which the
Common  Stock is listed or, if the Common  Stock is not listed on a national  or
regional stock exchange,  as reported by the National  Association of Securities
Dealers  Automated  Quotation  System and if not so reported then as reported by
the National Quotation Bureau  Incorporated.  In the absence of a Sale Price the
Board of Directors shall in good faith determine the current market price on the
basis of such quotation as it considers appropriate.


2.2 LICENSED PRODUCTS. The term "Licensed Products" means any product within the
scope of any Valid Claim within the Licensed  Patent Rights and any product made
by any art,  method or process  within the scope of any Valid  Claim  within the
Licensed Patent Rights,  Trade secret  materials and/or existing license rights.
"Valid Claim" means an issued claim of any unexpired  patent,  or a claim of any
pending patent application, which has not been held unenforceable,  unpatentable
or  invalid  by  a  decision  of a  court  or  governmental  body  of  competent
jurisdiction,  unappealable  or  unappealed  within the time allowed for appeal,
which has not been rendered  unenforceable through disclaimer or otherwise,  and
which has not been lost through an interference proceeding.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing to the contrary,  a claim of a pending patent  application shall cease
to be a valid  claim if no patent  has  issued on such  claim on or prior to the
fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of filing such patent application (or in the
case of a divisional or continuation application,  the date of the filing of the
earliest parent application); provided that such claim shall once again become a
Valid  Claim on the issue date of a patent that  subsequently  issues and covers
such claim.

"Licensed Patent Rights" means (a) the patents and patent applications listed on
Exhibit A attached hereto, and (b) all patents and patent applications which are
divisions,   continuations,    continuations-in-   part,   reissues,   renewals,
re-examinations,  counterparts, substitutions, or extensions of or to any patent
applications or patents described in clause (a) of this sentence.


3.   TERM AND TERMINATION

3.1 TERM.  The term of this Agreement will commence on the date stated above and
will continue until terminated as provided below.

3.2  TERMINATION.  This  Agreement may be terminated by the Licensee at any time
for any  reason  upon  thirty  (30)  days  prior  notice to the  Licensor.  This
Agreement may be terminated by the Licensor:

                                        2

<PAGE>




3.2.1 Upon any material  breach of this  Agreement  by the Licensee  that is not
remedied within thirty (30) days after the Licensee's  receipt of notice of such
breach;

3.2.2  If the  Licensee  files a  petition  in  bankruptcy,  is  adjudicated  as
bankrupt,  becomes insolvent, makes an arrangement or assignment for the benefit
of creditors,  or  discontinues  its business,  or if a receiver or custodian is
appointed  for the Licensee or its  business,  or if a petition in bankruptcy is
filed against the Licensee  that is not dismissed  within 90 days after the date
of such filing; or


3.3  EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon termination of this Agreement by either party:

3.3.1 All rights granted to the Licensee under this Agreement will revert to the
Licensor free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance, and
the Licensee and its  affiliates  and  subsidiaries  will as soon as practicable
cease the manufacture,  utilization,  distribution, sale, promotion, advertising
and marketing of Licensed Products;  provided, however, that for a period of one
hundred  twenty (120) days after the  termination of this Agreement the Licensee
and its affiliates and subsidiaries may complete any work in process.

3.3.2 All other amounts due under this Agreement, from either party to the other
will be paid within one hundred  fifty (150) days after the date this  Agreement
is  terminated,  at that time the  Licensee  will submit to the Licensor a final
account statement.


4.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION

4.1 The Licensor  represents  and warrants to the Licensee  that:  (1) it is the
owner of the  Licensed  Products  and has the power to grant the  License to the
Licensee;  (2) it has not granted to any person,  other than those  hereinbefore
disclosed,  a license to manufacture,  utilize,  distribute or sell the Licensed
Products in the Territory;  and (3) to the best of its  knowledge,  the Licensed
Products  does not  infringe  any U.S.  patent,  copyright,  trademark  or other
proprietary right of any third party.

4.2 The Licensor will indemnify and hold the Licensee  harmless from and against
any and all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by the Licensee in
connection  with any final judgment  arising out of or resulting from any breach
by the Licensor of its representations  and warranties  contained in Section 4.1
to the extent any such claim,  proceeding or judgment  relates to aspects of the
Licensed Products as originated by the Licensor.  The provisions of this section
will survive the termination of this Agreement.  Such indemnification will be in
addition to any other remedies available to the Licensee.

4.3 The Licensee  represents  and warrants to the Licensor  that this  Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Licensee  enforceable
against the Licensee in accordance with its terms.

4.4 The Licensee will indemnify and hold the Licensor  harmless from and against
any and all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by the Licensor in
connection with any final judgment

                                        3

<PAGE>



arising  out of or  resulting  from:  (1)  the  breach  by the  Licensee  of its
representations  and warranties  contained in Section 4.3; (2) the  manufacture,
utilization,  distribution or sale of Licensed  Products (except insofar as such
claims relate to the  Licensor's  representations  and  warranties  contained in
Section  4.1);  (3)  any  unauthorized  use by the  Licensee  or any  affiliate,
subsidiary or sublicensee of the Licensed Products;  and (4) any defects (design
or  otherwise)  or  inherent  dangers  in the  Licensed  Products  caused by the
Licensee's  negligence.   The  provisions  of  this  section  will  survive  the
termination of this Agreement.  Such  indemnification will be in addition to any
other remedy available to the Licensor.


5.   PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADEMARKS

5.1  ACQUISITION OF PATENT

5.1.1 The Licensor  will keep the Licensee  apprised of the status of all patent
applications,  if any,  filed by the Licensor  with the United States Patent and
Trademark  Office,  and will  promptly  provide the Licensee  with copies of any
pending patent  applications  and patents issued.  If the Licensor elects not to
file and / or prosecute any such patent applications,  the Licensee may do so at
its sole cost and expense.

5.1.2 The Licensee in its sole  discretion  and at its sole cost and expense may
apply for  patents in  Licensor's  name  covering  the  Property  in any foreign
country in the Territory.  At the Licensee's  request,  the Licensor will assist
the  Licensee to the extent  reasonably  necessary in  connection  with any such
patent applications.

5.1.3  Despite  anything to the contrary  contained in Sections 8.1 and 8.2, all
patent  applications  filed and patents  issued in connection  with the Licensed
Products will be solely in the name of the Licensor; provided, however, that, at
the request of the  Licensee,  all such  patents  issued will be assigned to the
Licensee for the term of this Agreement.

5.2 The Licensor will be designated by the Licensee as the owner of all patents,
and all copyrights and trademarks originated by the Licensor, used in connection
with the sale of Licensed  Products.  The Licensee will affix patent,  copyright
and trademark notices on all Licensed Products and all materials related thereto
including, without limitation, all advertising,  packaging, promotional display,
printed and other  materials  indicating  the  Licensor's  ownership of all such
patents, copyrights and trademarks.

5.3 As  exclusive  Licensee  in the  Territory,  the  Licensee  will  assist the
Licensor throughout the term of this Agreement,  at the Licensor's sole cost and
expense,  in obtaining  protection of any patent, and any copyright or trademark
originated  by the  Licensor,  used in  connection  with  the  sale of  Licensed
Products.

5.4 The  Licensee  will  not  utilize  any  trademark  in  connection  with  any
advertising,  packaging,  promotional display, printed or other material used in
connection with the sale of Licensed Products without first submitting the same,
together with production samples to the Licensor for its approval,

                                        4

<PAGE>



that will not be unreasonably  withheld.  The Licensor's approval will be deemed
given if it does not notify the  Licensee  of its  disapproval  within tern (10)
days after each such submission.


6.   GENERAL PROVISIONS

6.1 ACCESS TO BOOKS AND RECORDS.  The Licensee  will keep  complete and accurate
books and records  with  respect to the  manufacture,  distribution  and sale of
Licensed  Products.  The Licensor  will have the right,  through an  independent
accountant retained by the Licensor, to inspect the Licensee's books and records
relating to the subject  matter of this  Agreement once per year during the term
of this Agreement and for a period of two years thereafter on reasonable  notice
to the Licensee, during regular business hours at the place where such books and
records are normally  kept and to the extent  reasonably  necessary to determine
the  accuracy  of any  royalty  payments  to be made under this  Agreement.  The
Licensee  will be entitled to rely on the financial  reports  submitted to it by
its  sublicensees'  and the Licensee will not be required to verify such reports
by actual  inspection  of its  sublicensees,  books and  records.  However,  the
Licensee will require its  sublicensees  to keep complete and accurate books and
records with respect to the  manufacture,  distribution and sale of the Licensed
Products.  The Licensee  will make  available to the Licensor the results of any
audit it conducts of its sublicensees.  Any and all information  obtained by the
Licensor in such inspections will be considered  strictly  confidential and will
not be released or disclosed to any person, except in connection with any action
to enforce the rights of the Licensor under this Agreement.


6.2  ASSIGNMENT; BINDING NATURE

6.2.1 This  Agreement  will be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of each of
the parties hereto and their respective  successors and permitted  assigns.  The
Licensor may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third
party upon  written  agreement  from  Licensee  which  will not be  unreasonably
withheld.  The  Licensee may assign its rights and  obligations  hereunder to an
affiliate or a  subsidiary  only;  provided,  however,  that the  Licensee  will
continue to remain primarily liable to the Licensor for all such obligations.

6.2.2 For purposes of this  Agreement the term:  (1)  "affiliate"  will mean any
person that directly or indirectly,  controls,  is under common control with, or
is  controlled  by, the Licensee  ("control"  and any  derivative  will mean the
possession,  directly  or  indirectly,  of the  power to  direct  or  cause  the
direction of the  management  and policies of the person in  question);  and (2)
"subsidiary"  will mean any corporation of which at least 51% of the outstanding
stock  having  by its  terms  the  power to  elect a  majority  of the  board of
directors of such  corporation  is at that time directly or indirectly  owned by
the Licensee.


6.3 WAIVER,  AMENDMENT,  MODIFICATION.  No waiver,  amendment  or  modification,
including  those by  custom,  usage of  trade,  or  course  of  dealing,  of any
provision of this  Agreement  will be effective  unless in writing and signed by
the party against whom such waiver,  amendment or  modification  is sought to be
enforced.  No waiver by any party of any  default  in  performance  by the other
party under this  Agreement  or of any breach or series of breaches by the other
party of any of

                                        5

<PAGE>



the  terms or  conditions  of this  Agreement  will  constitute  a waiver of any
subsequent  default in performance under this Agreement or any subsequent breach
of any terms or  conditions of that  Agreement.  Performance  of any  obligation
required of a party under this  Agreement may be waived only by a written waiver
signed by a duly  authorized  officer of the other  party,  such  waiver will be
effective only with respect to the specific obligation described in that waiver.


6.4 EMPLOYMENT.  Licensee  acknowledges  and understand that a great deal of the
salability of the Licensed  Products will depend upon the knowhow and experience
of the President of Licensor,  Michael  Gross,  who has acquired the knowhow and
experience over an extended period of years working with Licensed Products.

Since this knowhow and  experience  of Michael Gross is not part of the Licensed
Products or patent rights so licensed,  Licensee agrees to hire Michael Gross as
Chief  Operations  Officer and a Director of the  Licensee.  This  agreement  is
contingent  upon the execution of an Employment  Agreement  between the Licensee
and Michael Gross in order to benefit from his knowledge and experience with the
Licensed Products.


6.5 FORCE MAJEURE.  Neither party will be deemed in default of this Agreement to
the extent that performance of its obligations,  or attempts to cure any breach,
are  delayed  or  prevented  by reason of  circumstance  beyond  its  reasonable
control,  including  without  limitation  fire,  natural  disaster,  earthquake,
accident or other acts of God ("Force Majeure"), provided that the party seeking
to delay  its  performance  gives  the other  written  notice of any such  Force
Majeure within  fifteen (15) days after the discovery of the Force Majeure,  and
further  provided  that such party uses its good faith efforts to cure the Force
Majeure.  If there is a Force Majeure,  the time for performance or cure will be
extended for a period equal to the duration of the Force  Majeure.  This Article
will not be applicable to any payment obligations of either party.


6.6  SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES

6.6.1 Each party  acknowledges  and agrees that,  if there is any breach of this
Agreement,  including,  without  limitation,  unauthorized  use or disclosure of
confidential   information  or  other   information  of  the  other  party,  the
non-breaching party will suffer irreparable injury that cannot be compensated by
money  damages  and  therefore  will  not  have  an  adequate   remedy  at  law.
Accordingly,  if either party  institutes an action or proceeding to enforce the
provisions  of this  Agreement,  such  party  will be  entitled  to obtain  such
injunctive relief, specific performance,  or other equitable remedy from a court
of  competent  jurisdiction  as may be necessary  or  appropriate  to prevent or
curtail any such breach,  threatened or actual. These will be in addition to and
without  prejudice  to such  other  rights  as such  party may have in law or in
equity.



                                        6

<PAGE>



6.6.2 Should there be any  difference  of opinion  between the parties or if any
dispute  arises as to any of the matters  provided  for in this  Agreement,  the
parties  will  first  try  to  settle  their  dispute  amicably  through  mutual
consultation.  In case the dispute cannot be mutually  settled,  the matter will
next be submitted to mediation and if still  unresolved  after this, the parties
will  submit  for  arbitration  to  the  United  States  Commercial  Arbitration
Association, whose award will be final upon both parties.


6.7 CUMULATIVE  RIGHTS.  Any specific right or remedy provided in this Agreement
will not be exclusive but will be cumulative  upon all other rights and remedies
set forth in this section and allowed under applicable law.


6.8 GOVERNING  LAW. This  Agreement  will be governed by the laws of theState of
Florida.  Any dispute will be heard in the  appropriate  federal or state courts
located in Orange County, Florida.


6.9 ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  The parties  acknowledge  that this Agreement  expresses
their  entire  understanding  and  agreement,   and  that  there  have  been  no
warranties, representations, covenants or understandings made by either party to
the other except such as are expressly  set forth in this  section.  The parties
further  acknowledge  that this Agreement  supersedes,  terminates and otherwise
renders  null and  void  any and all  prior  or  contemporaneous  agreements  or
contracts,  whether written or oral,  entered into between Terra Block, Inc. and
Terra Block  Consolidated,  Inc. with respect to the matters expressly set forth
in this Agreement.


6.10 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, any
one of which will be deemed an original,  but all of which will  constitute  one
and the same instrument.


6.11  ATTORNEY  FEES.  If either party is required to retain the services of any
attorney to enforce or otherwise  litigate or defend any matter or claim arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement,  then the prevailing  party will be
entitled  to recover  from the other  party,  in  addition  to any other  relief
awarded or granted,  its reasonable costs and expenses (including attorney fees)
incurred in the proceeding.


6.12  SEVERABILITY.  If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is found  invalid or
unenforceable under judicial decree or decision, the remainder will remain valid
and enforceable  according to its terms.  Without  limiting the previous,  it is
expressly  understood and agreed that each and every provision of this Agreement
that  provides for a limitation  of  liability,  disclaimer  of  warranties,  or
exclusion of damages is intended by the parties to be severable and  independent
of any other  provision  and to be enforced as such.  Further,  it is  expressly
understood and agreed that if any remedy under this

                                        7

<PAGE>



Agreement  is  determined  to have failed of its  essential  purpose,  all other
limitations of liability and exclusion of damages set forth in this section will
remain in full force and effect.

6.13 NOTICES. All notices,  demands or consents required or permitted under this
Agreement  will be in writing and will be sent by facsimile or by registered air
mail to the  addresses  listed in the first  paragraph or at such other  address
that the party designates.

     Captions and section  headings used in this  Agreement are for  convenience
only and are not a part of this Agreement and will not be used in construing it.

     The parties hereto have carefully read and reviewed this contract and agree
to and accept its terms and  conditions.  We are executing  this Agreement as of
the day and year first written above.




LICENSOR:                                 LICENSEE:
Terra Block, Inc.                         Terra Block Consolidated, Inc.



/s/ Michael Gross                         /s/ Gregory A. Pitner
-------------------------------           -------------------------------
Michael Gross                             Gregory A. Pitner
President                                 President








                                        8



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
