<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g81332exv10w20.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.20 AMENDMENT NO. 2 DEFERRED COMPENSATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.20

                     Approved by the Benefits Officer 8/9/02


                                 AMENDMENT NO. 2
                                     TO THE
                            TIME WARNER ENTERTAINMENT
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
                   (AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF AUGUST 1, 2001)


1.       The following new Section 2.5 is added to Article II and the prior
Sections 2.5 through 2.28 are redesignated as Sections 2.6 through 2.29,
respectively.

                  2.5      ASSISTANT BENEFITS OFFICER: The Assistant Benefits
                  Officer provided for herein.

2.       Former Section 2.7 (renumbered as Section 2.8) is amended to read as
follows:

                  2.8       BOARD:  The general partners of the Company.

3.       Subsection 3.1(ii) is amended to read, to the end of the first
sentence thereof, as follows:

                                    (ii)    have a current base salary plus
                                            bonus in excess of, or projected to
                                            be in excess of, the Compensation
                                            Limit or are otherwise designated as
                                            eligible by the Benefits Officer.

4.       Section 3.2 is amended by deleting the third sentence thereof and
changing the fifth sentence to read as follows:

                  In lieu of designating a percentage, the Eligible employee may
                  elect to have a specific dollar amount of the bonus deferred
                  or may make such other deferral election as may be approved
                  from time to time by the Benefits Officer.

5.       Subsection 3.3 (i) is amended to read as follows:

                                    (i)     the percentage of the bonus or
                                            compensation specified in Section
                                            3.2 (b) to be deferred or the
                                            specific dollar amount to be
                                            deferred (provided, however, if such
                                            specific dollar amount exceeds the
                                            amount eligible for deferral, no
                                            deferral shall be made);


<PAGE>

6.       Section 4.4  is amended to read as follows:

                           4.4      CHANGES IN INVESTMENT DIRECTION. A
                  Participant or Inactive Participant may make one Investment
                  Direction in each calendar quarter, with respect to each of
                  new deferrals and previous deferrals and any earnings thereon;
                  provided, however, that one additional Investment Direction
                  may be made in each calendar quarter in which any Investment
                  Fund is made available, or ceases to be available, as provided
                  for in Section 2.20, with respect to each of new deferrals and
                  previous deferrals and any earnings thereon.

7.       The last sentence of Subsection 5.2(iii) is amended to read as follows:

                  The request must be for 100% of each deferral Year and
                  contribution source.

8.       Clause (i) in the second sentence of Subsection 5.4(b) is amended to
read as follows:

                  (i)      must be for full Years, and for no fewer than 36
                  months from the beginning of the month in which such
                  additional deferral is requested.

9.       Subsection 5.4(b) is amended by adding the following sentence at the
end thereof:

                  Instead of requesting an additional deferral, a Participant
                  may request that an in-service payment be payable prior to the
                  year scheduled, provided that no payment date may be requested
                  which is within 36 months of the date of the request; any such
                  requests shall be subject to the requirements set forth in
                  (ii) through (iv) of the second sentence of this subsection.

10.      The following new Section 5.13 is added to Article V:

                           5.13     WITHDRAWALS WITH PENALTY. A Participant may
                  elect, at any time, but only once in a Year, to withdraw some
                  or all of his or her Deferred Compensation Account balance;
                  provided, however, that: (i) the amount of the withdrawal
                  shall be subject to imposition of a withdrawal penalty equal
                  to 10% of the withdrawal amount; (ii) the amount of the
                  withdrawal must be for the entire Deferred Compensation
                  Account balance or for 100% of a deferral Year and
                  contribution source; and (iii) each such election must be made
                  no fewer than 60 days prior to a previously scheduled
                  distribution election. Payments of early withdrawal elections
                  shall be made as soon as practicable, and are subject to
                  applicable federal, state and local withholding taxes.


                                       2
<PAGE>

11.      Section 6.7 is amended to read as follows:

                           6.7      DELEGATION OF DUTIES. The Benefits Officer
                  may authorize others to execute or deliver any instrument or
                  to make any payment in his or her behalf and may delegate any
                  of his or her powers or duties to others as he or she shall
                  determine, including the delegation of such powers and duties
                  to an Assistant Benefits Officer who shall be appointed by the
                  Benefits Officer. In the event of such delegation, the
                  Assistant Benefits Officer shall for all purposes of the Plan
                  be considered the Benefits Officer and all references to the
                  Benefits Officer shall be deemed to be references to such
                  Assistant Benefits Officer when acting in such capacity. The
                  Benefits Officer and the Assistant Benefits Officer may retain
                  such counsel, agents and clerical, medical, accounting and
                  actuarial services as they may require in carrying out their
                  functions.

12.      Items 1 and 11 are effective as of August 1, 2002; item 2 is effective
as of August 1, 2001; items 3 through 9 are effective as of April 1, 2002 and
item 10 is effective as of June 3, 2002.


                                       3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
