<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2105128zex-2_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1

                           PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

        THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into the 23rd of December, 2002 by
and between DIGITAL SERVICE, INC., a Washington Corporation ("DSI"), and CABLE
CONCEPTS, INC., dba DIRECT DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS, a Washington Corporation
("CCI") a wholly owned subsidiary of USA Broadband, a Delaware Corporation.

                                    RECITALS

        DSI is in the business of acquiring and owning rights of entry to
construct, install, operate and maintain satellite master antenna television
operations in multi-family residential developments (herein referred to as
"Systems"). CCI is also in the business of designing, constructing, owning and
managing Systems.

        DSI desires to purchase from CCI, and CCI is willing to sell to DSI or
its assigns, all of its assets, including, Systems and Rights of Entry, for all
systems listed on Exhibit "A" attached hereto, all pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth hereafter.

        Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein, the
parties agree as follows:

        1.      DEFINITIONS

        1.01    "RIGHT OF ENTRY AGREEMENTS" shall mean agreements between CCI
                and apartment owners under which CCI has agreed to operate and
                maintain the Systems.

        1.02    "BANK NOTES" shall mean the promissory notes held by Pacifica
                Bank, and Advanta Credit. Said notes are included in the list of
                Assumed Liabilities attached hereto as Exhibit B. These notes
                have outstanding balances of not more than $1,600,000.00 and
                $15,500 respectively.

        1.03    "PURCHASED ASSETS" shall mean all of the property of CCI, real
                and personal, tangible and intangible, to be purchased by DSI
                hereunder, including but not limited to, CCI's Right of Entry
                Agreements, Systems, Management Agreements, inventory and
                equipment listed in Exhibit A. The inventory shall include, at a
                minimum, two hundred and twenty five (225) digital satellite
                receivers complete with access cards, or if access cards are not
                available, two hundred and twenty five (225) digital satellite
                receivers and the parts and materials currently stored in the
                mini-storage facilities in Dallas and Houston, Texas.
                Irrespective of where stored, inventory shall also include all
                of the test equipment and tools provided by CCI to its Texas
                based personnel and/or agents specific to the support and
                maintenance of any of the Systems located in the State of Texas.
                Provided that, at Closing, CCI's contractual obligations that
                relate to the above referenced mini-

                                        1
<Page>

                storage are not in arrears, DSI shall assume all responsibility
                for CCI's said mini-storage contractual obligations. All
                programming agreements that pertain to the Purchased Asset are
                included in the Purchased Assets but may or may not be included
                on Exhibit A. To the extent that those agreements are not listed
                in Exhibit A, those items will be identified and transferred
                after the execution of this Agreement at or prior to Closing.

                (a)     PINNACLE PROPERTY. In addition to the Purchased Assets,
                        CCI shall transfer to DSI all of the property of CCI,
                        real and personal, tangible and intangible, in the
                        Pinnacle Property, including but not limited to, CCI's
                        Right of Entry Agreements, Systems, Management
                        Agreements, inventory and equipment that pertains
                        thereto. The Pinnacle Property is more fully described
                        in Exhibit C attached hereto.

        1.07    "RETAINED ASSETS" shall mean the property of CCI, which is not
                being purchased by DSI hereunder, as described on Exhibit D
                attached hereto.

        1.08    "RIGHTS OF ENTRY AGREEMENTS" shall mean the agreements between
                CCI and the owners of multi-family residential properties
                pursuant to which CCI has the exclusive right to construct,
                install, own and operate Systems on the properties. Provided,
                however, this definition shall also apply to the right of entry
                agreement for the Foxfire property which the parties acknowledge
                is a non-exclusive right of entry.

        1.09    "SYSTEMS" shall mean all of the tangible and intangible assets
                relating to ownership, operation and maintenance of satellite
                master antenna television operations in multi-family residential
                properties, including but not limited to cable, head-end
                equipment, satellite dishes, subscriber boxes, amplifiers,
                structures, subscriber lists, subscriber agreements, subscriber
                accounts, leases, programming agreements, contract rights, spare
                parts, tools, Rights of Entry Agreements and Management
                Agreements.

        1.10    "UNITS" shall mean the right to provide cable television service
                to an apartment residential unit pursuant to a Right of Entry
                Agreement purchased by DSI hereunder.

        2.      PURCHASE AND SALE

        CCI will sell and transfer to DSI, and DSI will purchase and take
        delivery from CCI, all of the Purchased Assets, pursuant to the terms
        and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

        3.      PURCHASE PRICE

                                        2
<Page>

        The purchase price for the Purchased Assets shall be described and
        applied as follows:

        3.01    UNITS. The purchase price per unit which are so identified on
                Exhibit A shall be one hundred ninety seven dollars and 50/100
                ($197.50) per Unit. Based on the units reflected on Exhibit A,
                there are a total 8,533 units, excluding Pinnacle on Lake
                Washington, valued at $1,685,267.50.

        3.02    APPLICATION OF PURCHASE PRICE. Eighty percent (80%) of the
                purchase price shall be paid hereunder shall be applied to the
                acquisition of the Rights of Entry and twenty percent (20%) to
                the equipment and the rest of the assets purchased by DSI
                hereunder.

        3.03    ASSUMPTION OF PACIFICA BANK AND ADVANTA CREDIT OBLIGATION NOTES.
                CCI has certain financial obligations owed to Pacifica Bank, and
                Advanta Credit. Said obligations are based on and arise out of
                the documentation attached hereto as Exhibit E. DSI shall assume
                said obligations. PROVIDED, HOWEVER, the obligation owed to
                Pacifica Bank by CCI shall not exceed one million six hundred
                thousand dollars ($1,600,000.00); the CCI obligation owed to
                Advanta Credit shall not exceed fifteen thousand five hundred
                dollars ($15,500.00).

        3.04    ASSUMPTION OF ADDITIONAL LIABILITIES. Other than the assuming
                set forth herein above, if an excess balance due to CCI exists,
                determined by deducting the Pacifica Bank Note and Advanta
                Credit from the gross transaction value, this balance will be
                reduced by assigning additional debt or liabilities equivalent
                to this remaining balance and agreeable to both CCI and DSI. DSI
                shall not assume, and shall have no liability for, any
                obligations of CCI which do not arise under the Right of Entry
                Agreements or under the Management Agreements, and shall not
                assume the obligations under the Right of Entry Agreements or
                the Management Agreements which were required to be performed
                prior to the respective dates of transfer of such assets or with
                respect to which CCI is in default as of the respective dates of
                transfer of such assets unless agreed upon between DSI and CCI.

        3.05    TAXES. The purchase price for the Purchased Assets set forth in
                this Section 4 excludes all sales, use, excise transfer and
                similar taxes which may be imposed by any governmental agency as
                a result of the transfer of the Purchased Assets to DSI. CCI
                shall pay all sales, use, property, or other taxes associated
                with respect to cable television service and related sales to
                the subscribers of each property due at the time of transfer of
                each System, and shall provide evidence thereof to DSI. In lieu
                of such evidence, DSI may, in its sole discretion, pay any tax
                owed and deduct any tax it so paid from the purchase price or
                deposit in escrow the tax amount. The amount of such taxes shall
                be separately identified in each transfer document. In any
                event, CCI shall indemnify DSI and hold it harmless from and
                against any such tax liability, including interest and
                penalties, and from any costs

                                        3
<Page>

                and expenses of defending against any such claimed deficiency,
                including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.

        3.06    CALCULATION OF AMOUNT OWED TO CCI. The entire Purchase Price
                Subtotal shall be calculated by the number of Units on Exhibit A
                times the per door amount as described in 4.01 herein. All
                liabilities assumed by DSI or owed to DSI by CCI pursuant to
                this contract or otherwise, shall be subtracted from the
                Purchase Price Subtotal. Further, the subscriber deposits
                addressed in paragraph 17 shall be deducted from the Purchase
                Price Subtotal. After said deductions, the result of this
                calculation shall be the total Amount Owed by DSI to CCI.

        3.07    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE: all subscriber accounts receivable prior to
                December 1, 2002 remain the property of CCI. DSI will provide to
                CCI assistance and access to subscriber accounts to facilitate
                collection efforts.

        3.08    PINNACLE PROPERTY. The purchase price for the Pinnacle Property
                shall not be included in the calculations set forth in
                paragraph 4.06 above. In consideration for the transfer of the
                Pinnacle Property, DSI shall assume and hold CCI harmless from
                CCI's obligations to pay Broadband Concepts for CCI's
                outstanding account payable obligations to Broadband Concept,
                Inc. The amount of said obligation is not more than one hundred
                twenty thousand dollars ($120,732.17). CCI's account payable
                obligations to Broadband Concepts in more fully described in the
                documents attached hereto as Exhibit F.

        4.      PAYMENT TERMS

        The Amount Owed described in Section 4 above shall be paid as follows:

        4.01    PROMISSORY NOTE. It the Amount Owed is a positive number, DSI
                shall execute a promissory note (hereinafter referred to as the
                "Promissory Note") payable to CCI in the Amount Owed. Said
                Promissory Note shall not bare any interest. If, after the
                making of the Promissory Note CCI is, for any reason, obligated
                to DSI for any additional sums not previously included in the
                agreed calculation of the sum owed in the Promissory Note then
                DSI, in its sole discretion, may deduct said additional sums
                from the balance of the Promissory Note as if paid.

        4.02    PROMISSORY NOTE TERMS. DSI shall pay the Promissory Note balance
                in quarterly payments that shall be equal to twenty five percent
                (25%) of the net profits it generates in its operation of the
                Purchased Assets until the earlier of the balance having been
                paid in full or 18 months from the closing of this Purchase and
                Sale Agreement. The first payment shall be due ninety days (90)
                after the Closing of this Purchase and Sale Agreement.

                                        4
<Page>

        4.03    TRANSFER OF PURCHASED ASSETS. CCI specifically acknowledges that
                it will not have any interest in the Purchased Assets after the
                Closing of this Purchase and Sale Agreement. CCI further
                specifically agrees that DSI, in its sole discretion, may sell
                some, or all, of the Purchased Assets to third parties. However,
                if any of the Purchased Assets are sold, all of the net proceeds
                therefrom shall be applied to the balances of the obligations
                set forth in paragraph 4.03 hereinabove. If any of the net
                proceeds are not so applied then twenty five percent (25%) of
                the net proceeds that are not so applied shall be paid to CCI,
                and the balance of the Promissory Note shall be reduced by an
                equal amount. If all of the Purchased Assets are sold, and after
                all payments are made and applied to the Promissory Note balance
                as required herein, there are still sums owing pursuant to the
                Promissory Note, then the balance shall be paid in equal
                quarterly payments over a period not to exceed six months from
                the date of the last transfer of a Purchased Asset by DSI to a
                third party.

        4.05    IF AMOUNT OWED IS A NEGATIVE NUMBER. CCI warrants that the
                Amount Owed is not a negative.

        5.      SIGNORS GUARANTY/WARRANTEE

        5.01    SIGNOR'S AUTHORITY. The person who executes this Purchase and
                Sale Agreement on behalf of CCI hereby warrants and guarantees
                that said person is duly and fully authorized by CCI to execute
                this agreement on CCI's behalf.

        6.      CLOSING

        6.01    CLOSING DATE. Closing of all of the Purchased Assets shall occur
                on the _____ day of _______ 200__ even though the transfer of
                some of the Purchased Assets may occur before or after that
                date. As used in this Purchase and Sale Agreement, the term
                "Closing Date" shall be the 1st day of December, 2002. The
                transfer of all assets shall be done in such a manner to
                preserve in DSI any priority to title to any Purchased Asset in
                any government record where such interest is recorded. Closing,
                shall occur at the Santa Fe Springs office or at such other
                place, as CCI and DSI shall mutually agree.

        7.      REPRESENTATIONS OF SELLER

        CCI represents and warrants to DSI, as of the date of this Agreement and
        as of the Closing Date, as follows:

        7.01    ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING AND POWER. CCI:

                        (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
                        and in good

                                       5
<Page>

                        standing under the laws of the State of Washington;

                        (b) is not required to be authorized or licensed to do
                        business as a foreign corporation in any other
                        jurisdiction by reason of the nature of the business
                        conducted by it or the properties owned or leased or
                        operated by it; and

                        (c) has the requisite power and authority to own, lease
                        and operate its properties, and to carry on its business
                        as currently conducted.

        7.02    AGREEMENTS RELATING TO STOCK. Neither CCI, nor any of its
                shareholders, is or are a party or parties to any written or
                oral agreement, understanding, arrangement or commitment, or is
                bound by any certification of incorporation, bylaws or other
                instrument, which creates any rights with respect to the voting
                of any securities of CCI.

        7.03    AUTHORIZATIONS AND ENFORCEABILITY. CCI has the requisite power
                and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Purchase and
                Sale Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
                hereby. This Purchase and Sale Agreement has been duly and
                validly executed and delivered by CCI, and has been duly and
                validly authorized by each shareholder of CCI, and it
                constitutes the valid and binding obligation of CCI fully
                enforceable in accordance with its terms.

        7.04    EFFECTIVENESS OF AGREEMENT. The execution, delivery and
                performance of this Purchase and Sale Agreement by CCI and the
                consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not,
                with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
                both:

                        (a) Violate any provision of law, statute, rule or
                        regulation to which CCI is subject;

                        (b) Violate any judgment, writ or decree of any court,
                        arbitrator or governmental agency applicable to CCI;

                        (c) Have any adverse effect on any of the Purchased
                        Assets; or

                        (d) Result in the breach of or conflict with any term,
                        covenant, condition or provision of, or result in the
                        modification or termination of, constitute a default
                        under, or result in the creation or imposition of any
                        lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any
                        of the Purchased Assets.

                                        6
<Page>

        7.05    RESTRICTIONS. CCI is not a party to any contract, commitment or
                agreement, and none of the Purchased Assets are subject to or
                bound or affected by any bylaw or other corporate restriction,
                or any order, judgment, decree, law, statute, ordinance, rule,
                regulation or other restriction of any kind, which would:

                        (a) Prevent CCI from entering into this Purchase and
                        Sale Agreement or from consummating the transactions
                        contemplated hereby; or

                        (b) materially and adversely affect, or in the future
                        may materially and adversely affect, the Purchased
                        Assets or the ability of DSI to carry on a business
                        similar to that presently conducted by CCI, or the
                        ability of DSI to use the Purchased Assets in the manner
                        in which they are presently used.

        7.06    GOVERNMENT AND OTHER CONSENTS. No consent, authorization or
                approval, or exemption by, or filing with any governmental,
                public or self-regulatory body or authority is required in
                connection with the execution, delivery and performance by CCI
                of this Agreement or any of the instruments or agreements herein
                referred to, or the taking of any action contemplated by this
                Agreement.

        7.07    VIOLATION OF LAWS. CCI is not in default or in violation of any
                executive, legislative, judicial or administrative ruling,
                order, injunction or decree.

        7.08    TITLE TO PROPERTIES; ABSENCE OF LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES. CCI owns
                and has good and marketable title to the Purchased Assets, free
                and clear of all mortgages, security interests, liens,
                encumbrances, use restrictions and other defects in title,
                except liens, easements, restrictions and other encumbrances on
                the property subject to the Right of Entry Agreements which are
                part of the Purchased Assets. By way of illustration of the
                foregoing exception, a permitted lien would include a lender's
                mortgage, which constitutes a lien on the apartment complex
                covered by a Right of Entry Agreement. A second exception hereto
                shall be those security interests that are listed on Exhibit E.

                Each of the agreements and other instruments constituting part
                of the Purchased Assets, including but not limited to, the Right
                of Entry Agreements and the Management Agreements, is in full
                force and effect.

        7.12    CONDITION OF EQUIPMENT. All of the equipment and other tangible
                personal property constituting part of the Purchased Assets are
                in good condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear which are
                not such as to adversely affect the operation of any such
                property excepted) and are suitable for the uses for which they
                are intended. All such property is operative in conformity with
                all applicable laws,

                                        7
<Page>

                ordinances, regulations and other governmental requirements
                currently in effect.

        7.13    ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS. No representation, covenant or
                warranty by CCI contained in this Purchase and Sale Agreement
                contains or will contain at Closing any untrue statement of a
                material fact or will omit to state a material fact necessary in
                order to make the statements contained therein not misleading.

        7.15    SYSTEMS. Each of the Systems set forth on Exhibit A is fully
                contained within the property covered by a related Right of
                Entry Agreement. Each of the Systems is fully operational and
                currently delivering all of the channel line-ups that CCI
                publishes in its promotional material specific to each Unit. All
                Systems are functioning under standard operating procedures. All
                programming fees for community service and basic service are
                paid current by CCI at or before Closing. If said fees are not
                paid at or prior to Closing, DSI, in it's sole discretion, may
                pay the same and deduct an amount equal thereto from the Amount
                Owed pursuant to paragraph 4.06 hereinabove. All of CCI's
                revenue sharing obligations shall be paid in full prior to or at
                the time of Closing. If said obligations not paid prior to or at
                Closing, DSI, in its sole discretion, may pay the same and
                deduct an amount equal thereto from the Amount Owed pursuant to
                paragraph 4.06 hereinabove.

        7.16    MAINTENANCE OF BUSINESS RECORDS. Until Closing, CCI shall
                continue to maintain the Systems that have not been previously
                transferred to DSI to operate pending Closing and CCI shall keep
                all of its business books, records and files, all in the
                ordinary course of business, in accordance with past practices
                consistently applied.

        8.      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF DSI

        DSI represents and warrants to CCI, as follows:

        8.01    ORGANIZATION, GOOD STANDING AND POWER. DSI:

                        (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
                        and in good standing under the laws of the State of
                        Washington;

                        (d) has the requisite power and authority to own, lease
                        and operate the Purchased Assets, and to carry on its
                        business as currently conducted.

        8.02    AUTHORIZATION AND ENFORCEABILITY. DSI has the requisite power
                and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Purchase and
                Sale Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
                hereby. This Purchase and Sale Agreement has been duly and
                validly executed and delivered by DSI, and has

                                        8
<Page>

                been duly and validly authorized by each shareholder of DSI, and
                it constitutes the valid and binding obligation of DSI fully
                enforceable in accordance with its terms.

        8.03    EFFECTIVE AGREEMENT, CONSENTS. No consent, authorization or
                approval or exemption by, or filing with, any governmental or
                public body or authority is required in connection with
                execution, delivery and performance by DSI of this Agreement or
                the taking of any actions contemplated herein.

        9.      CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO DSI'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE

        DSI's obligation to close the transactions contemplated herein are
        subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to Closing, of each of the
        following condition, any one or more of which may be waived by DSI:

        9.01    REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES. All representations and
                warranties of CCI made hereunder shall be true and correct at
                Closing.

        9.05    FORM OF AGREEMENTS. The form and substance of the documents
                constituting the Right of Entry Agreements and the Management
                Agreements shall be satisfactory to DSI.

        9.06    TRANSFER OF PURCHASED ASSETS. The Purchased Assets shall have
                been transferred and delivered to DSI, in such form as is
                satisfactory to DSI.

        9.07    SALES TAX. CCI shall have provided to DSI evidence satisfactory
                to DSI that CCI has paid all sales taxes, which it is required
                to pay by virtue of the transfer of Right of Entry Agreements to
                DSI pursuant to this Agreement.

        10.     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CCI'S OBLIGATIONS TO CLOSE

        CCI's obligation to close the transactions contemplated herein are
        subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to Closing, of each of the
        following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by CCI:

        10.01   NOTE.   CCI shall have received the Promissory Note in the
                        amount described in paragraph 5.01 hereinabove.

        11.     CCI'S INDEMNITY

        CCI shall defend, indemnify and hold DSI and its shareholders,
        successors and assigns,

                                        9
<Page>

        harmless from and against:

                        (a) All debts, liabilities, damages, losses, costs,
                        taxes, attorneys' fees, judgments, assessments, expense,
                        or claims owing by, incurred or accrued against CCI or
                        DSI or against any of the Purchased Assets as of or
                        prior to Closing, or arising out of the sale of any
                        Purchased Assets or CCI's business operations or
                        ownership of the Purchased Assets by CCI prior to
                        Closing, or any obligation of CCI under the Purchased
                        Assets which are required to be performed prior to
                        Closing.

                        (b) All liabilities, costs, damages, expenses and losses
                        paid or incurred, or to be paid or incurred hereafter,
                        by DSI arising out of any inaccurate representations or
                        breaches of representations or warranties by CCI herein,
                        or any attempt by any person to cause or require DSI to
                        pay or discharge, obligation, liability or commitment of
                        CCI which is not specifically assumed by DSI pursuant to
                        this Agreement.

                        (c) Any reasonable costs and expenses of DSI related to
                        the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys' fees in
                        connection with the protection, defense or appeal of any
                        demand, suit or action in connection with the foregoing,
                        or for enforcing this indemnity.

                        (d) In addition to any other remedies which DSI may have
                        against CCI at law or pursuant to this Purchase and Sale
                        Agreement, DSI may offset against payment of any amount
                        of the purchase price hereunder, including the payment
                        of any amounts payable pursuant to the Promissory Note
                        described in paragraph 5.01, any and all amounts to
                        which DSI is entitled to indemnification pursuant to
                        this paragraph.

        12.     DSI'S INDEMNITY

        DSI shall indemnify and hold CCI harmless from and against:

                        (a) All damages, expenses and losses suffered, paid or
                        incurred, or to be suffered, paid or incurred after
                        Closing by CCI arising out of any inaccurate
                        representations or breaches of warranties or
                        representations by DSI hereunder.

                        (b) DSI's ownership, operation and conduct of any
                        Purchased Assets after Closing.

                        (c) All reasonable costs and expenses of CCI related to
                        the foregoing, including reasonable attorneys' fees in
                        connection with the prosecution,

                                       10
<Page>

                        defense or appeal of any demand, suit or action in
                        connection with the foregoing or enforcing this
                        indemnity.

        13.     ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACT RIGHTS

        DSI agrees to pay all or any portion of the Purchase Price required
        hereunder, and make the Promissory Note described in paragraph 5.01
        hereof payable to any party designated by CCI, to the extent that CCI
        directs in writing, and provided that DSI is held harmless from any
        liability for having responded to such direction. Any payment by DSI
        hereunder pursuant to such direction shall be deemed payment for the
        Purchased Assets hereunder as fully as though it were made to CCI. The
        foregoing shall not obligate DSI to make any payment in total amounts
        greater than, or on dates prior to, amounts or dates required under this
        Purchase and Sale Agreement.

        14.     PROGRAMMING AGREEMENTS

        To the extent that programming agreements held by CCI affecting any of
        the Systems acquired by DSI hereunder are retained by CCI, CCI agrees to
        take such actions, including executing such amendments, and providing
        such notices and other communications to the other parties to the
        programming agreements, as may be requested by DSI, for so long as such
        programming agreements affect programs provided to Systems acquired by
        DSI hereunder.

        15.     MISCELLANEOUS

        15.01   DISCLOSURE. CCI shall disclose and make available to DSI, all
                documents, data and other information within CCI's possession
                and control relating to the Purchased Assets.

        15.02   SUCCESSORS. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
                the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective
                successors and assigns.

        15.03   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL SURVIVE. All
                representations and warranties by the parties contained herein,
                and otherwise made in writing pursuant to this Purchase and Sale
                Agreement, shall survive Closing.

        15.04   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Purchase and Agreement contains the
                entire agreement of the parties relating to the rights granted
                and obligations assumed under this Purchase and Sale Agreement,
                and supersedes all prior agreements, understanding or
                representations, whether written or oral, with respect to the
                subject matter hereof. There are no other verbal or other
                agreements which modify or affect this Purchase and Sale
                Agreement. This Purchase and Sale Agreement may only be amended
                in writing, signed by the parties hereto.

                                       11
<Page>

        15.05   NOTICES. All notices or other communications hereunder, shall be
                deemed to have been given, when personally delivered or when
                deposited in the U.S. Mail, registered or certified, postage
                prepaid and addressed as follows:

                To CCI:     USA Broadband

                            1111 Orange Avenue
                            Coronado, California 92118
                            Attn: Grant Miller, CFO


                To DSI:     Digital Service, Inc.
                            1320 26th Street NW
                            Auburn, WA 98001
                            Attn: Jay Gordon, President

        15.06   CCI SHALL EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS. CCI shall execute all documents
                that are reasonably necessary to fulfill the intent of this
                Purchase and Sale Agreement and to complete the transfer of any
                of the Purchased Assets. Any such documents shall be in such
                form as is acceptable to DSI. CCI's obligations hereunder shall
                survive Closing.

        15.07   ATTORNEYS' FEES. In the event legal action is taken by either
                party to enforce this Purchase and Sale Agreement, or any action
                arising out of the representations, warranties, and covenants
                contained herein, all costs and expenses, including reasonable
                attorneys' fees, incurred by the prevailing party shall be paid
                by the non prevailing party.

        15.08   JURISDICTION AND VENUE. This Purchase and Sale agreement shall
                be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
                Washington venue shall lie in Pierce County, WA Superior Court.

        16.     SUBSCRIBER DEPOSITS

        CCI shall provide DSI with complete and accurate accounting of all
        subscriber deposits that pertain to any of the Purchased Assets
        including the Pinnacle Property. DSI shall assume all responsibility to
        said subscribers for return of said deposit as is required by the
        subscriber agreements with CCI. The total amount of said deposits shall
        be deducted for the Amount Owed set forth in paragraph 4.06.

        17.     ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES - ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

                                       12
<Page>

        CCI shall obtain an executed Estoppel Certificate from each of the
        owners of each of the properties for each and every Right of Entry
        Agreement that is included in the Purchased Assets. The Estoppel
        Certificates shall include, but not necessarily be limited to, an owner
        affirmation that CCI's Rights of Entry Agreements that are included in
        the Purchased Assets are in full force and effect and that CCI is not in
        default in any of CCI's obligations owed to the respective property
        owner. The Estoppel Certificates shall be in the form of Exhibit G
        attached hereto. CCI shall deliver all Estoppel Certificates along with
        an assignment agreement as required hereunder to DSI within ninety (90)
        days of closing.

        18.     USA BROADBAND, INC.'S GUARANTEE
        USA Broadband, Inc., hereby guarantees performance of each and every
        obligation of CCI that arises out of this Purchase and Sale Agreement,
        including but not limited to all of CCI's duties, obligations and
        liabilities arising out of this contract that occur after Closing.

        19.     DEFAULT DECLARED BY APARTMENT OWNER IN 60 DAYS.

        In the event that within 60 days after Closing, any apartment owner of
        any of the Units shall in any manner notify any party hereto that said
        property owner believes that the operation of the System in said
        property owners apartment complex has not been maintained or operated in
        accordance with the applicable Right of Entry Agreement and provided
        that DSI is not able, after reasonable efforts that does not include any
        further financial expenditure by DSI, resolve the apartments owner's
        related concerns to the satisfaction of the apartment owner and the
        apartment owner declares the Right of Entry Agreement to be in default,
        then DSI may, within 30 days after the declared default, in its sole
        discretion, elect a remedy of returning said Units to CCI and the Amount
        Owed shall be reduced by a sum equal to the Purchase Price for said
        Units or secure additional units from CCI in exchange for the Units in
        default. All other remedies available to DSI for all other issues shall
        be unaffected hereby.

                                       13
<Page>

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Purchase and Sale
        Agreement as of the date first above written.

        CCI:                             CABLE CONCEPTS, INC. A WHOLLY
                                         OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF USA BROADBAND

                                         /s/ Grant Miller
                                         ---------------------------------------

                                         By: Grant Miller
                                         Title: CFO USA Broadband


        DSI:                             DIGITAL SERVICE, INC.

                                         /s/ Jay Gordon
                                         ---------------------------------------

                                         By: Jay Gordon
                                         Title: President. Digital Service, Inc.

                                       14
<Page>

                                    Exhibit A
                      Systems and Right of Entry Agreements

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                       Number of
    Name of Property         City              State     Units
----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>               <C>     <C>
Arizona
    Desert Mirage                Gilbert        AZ        106
    Foxfire                       Tempe         AZ        188
    Hampton Court                  Mesa         AZ         27
                                              ------------------
                                                 3        321
Dallas
    Bear Creek                    Euless        TX        250
    Bluebonnet                    Ennis         TX         64
    Home of Persimmons            Dallas        TX        180
    Lakeland                   Lewis Ville      TX         61
    Legends of Eagle Mtn.      Forth Worth      TX        208
    Tree Top                  Grand Prairie     TX        128
    Westchester               Grand Prairie     TX        244
    Willows, The                  Ennis         TX         84
    5600                          Dallas        TX         13
    Athenian                      Dallas        TX         22
    Beacon Hills                  Dallas        TX         42
    Buckingham                    Dallas        TX         50
    Casa Villa                    Dallas        TX         34
    Coral Gables                  Dallas        TX         44
    Driftwood                     Dallas        TX         28
    Gaston Village                Dallas        TX         10
    Kahluha                       Dallas        TX         29
    Kings Quarters                Dallas        TX         22
    Oaks, The                     Dallas        TX         16
    Paree                         Dallas        TX         37
    Pink Adobe                    Dallas        TX         30
    Santa Clara                   Dallas        TX        428
    Sherman Oaks                  Dallas        TX         25
    Silver Sands                  Dallas        TX         54
    Strand, The                   Dallas        TX         36
    Bayou Bend                    Dallas        TX        308
    Warwick                       Dallas        TX        320
                                              ------------------
                                                27      2,767

<Caption>
                                                       Number of
    Name of Property         City              State     Units
----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                <C>     <C>
Houston
    Cornerstone Ranch              Katy         TX        352
    Deerwood                     Houston        TX        186
    Fairmont Oaks                Houston        TX        188
    Hidden Lakes               New Orleans      LA        461
    Huntwick                     Houston        TX        288
    Oaks of Baytown               Harris        TX        248
    Quail Chase                  Houston        TX        248
    Quay Point                   Houston        TX        135
    Royal Oaks Gardens            Bryan         TX        168
    Bent Oaks                   Hitchcock       TX         72
    Brazoswood                    Clute         TX         72
    Brompton Square              Houston        TX        214
    Burnett Place                 Taylor        TX         72
    Stable Chase                 Houston        TX        150
    Washington Courtyard         Houston        TX         74
    Willow Falls Apartments      Houston        TX        174
    Willows, The                 Houston        TX        346
    Park at Clear Creek          Hemstead       TX         76
                                              ------------------
                                                17      3,524


Northern California
    Aspen Park                  Sacramento      CA        280
    California Place            Sacramento      CA        211
    Oak Valley               North Highlands    CA        141
    Stanford Heights            Sacramento      CA        170
    Sun Valley                  Sacramento      CA        128
    Sierra Ridge                Sacramento      CA        134
    Village Crossing            Sacramento      CA        196
    Valley Green                Sacramento      CA        661
                                              ------------------
                                                8       1,921
</Table>

                                       15
<Page>

                                    Exhibit B
                              Financial Liabilities

<Table>
<S>                                                        <C>
Pacifica Bank - Account # 200275 - Balance Due -           $ 1,581,779.27

Advanta Credit - Account # -          Balance Due -        $    15,445.87
</Table>

                                       16
<Page>

                                    Exhibit C

          Pinnacle on Lake Washington - 180 Units located in Renton, WA

                                       17
<Page>

                                    Exhibit D
       Systems and Units Owned by Cable Concepts, Inc. dba Direct Digital
                                 Communications

<Table>
<Caption>
        PROPERTY NAME              CITY         ST       UNITS
--------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>               <C>       <C>
Acropolis                        San Jose       CA         20
Ashton Place                     San Jose       CA        948
Cascades, The                   Sunnyvale       CA        178
Eden Gardens (MHP)               Hayward        CA        138
Hayward (MHP)                    Hayward        CA        237
Jackson Towers                San Francisco     CA         81
Landing @ Jack London            Oakland        CA        282
Masson Apts                      San Jose       CA         15
San Pedro Square                 San Jose       CA         32
Sun Valley (MHP)                Livermore       CA        163
Terracina Phase II             Morgan Hill      CA        148
Alhambra Apts                     Davis         CA        160
Saratoga                        Vacaville       CA        108
Sycamore                         Woodland       CA        136
Larkspur                         Larkspur       CA        248
St. Francis Place
(bulk w/DTV)                  San Francisco     CA        410
Vista Sonoma Seniors            Santa Rosa      CA        189
Chateau Marina                Marina Del Ray    CA        334
Fiji Villas                   Marina Del Ray    CA        156
Regatta, The                  Marina Del Ray    CA        224
Vintage Gardens                West Covina      CA        188
1221 Ocean Ave.                Santa Monica     CA        120
Vintage Grove                    La Verne       CA        110

<Caption>
        PROPERTY NAME              CITY         ST       UNITS
--------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>               <C>       <C>
Kiowa Apartments               Los Angeles      CA         19
Legacy @ Westwood              Los Angeles      CA        187
Medici, The                    Los Angeles      CA        335
Oak Tree                        Van Nuys        CA         21
Corona La Linda                  Corona         CA        132
Plaza @ Arboretum             Santa Monica      CA        350
Enclave Apts                    Lewisvile       TX        356
Mission Pointe                   Euless         TX        260
Paces Point                    Lewisville       TX        300
Park Timbers                   Lewisville       TX        230
Peachtree                        Garland        TX        344
Pecan Ridge                     Mesquite        TX        210
Belmont Village                  Memphis        TN        121
Echelon @ the Ballpark           Memphis        TN        300
Preserve @ Southwind             Memphis        TN        306
Wesley Forest                    Memphis        TN        100
Gardner                           Fargo         ND        120
Glenwood                          Fargo         ND         18
Park Place                        Fargo         ND         72
Royal Court                       Fargo         ND        106
South Pointe                      Fargo         ND        140
Dakota Square                  Grand Forks      ND         48
</Table>

                                       18
<Page>

                                    Exhibit E

                            (Attach Bank Statements)

                                       19
<Page>

                                    Exhibit F

On December 31, 2002, [check date: should this be 2001 ???]Digital Service, Inc.
acquired the assets of Broadband Concepts. Broadband Concepts had entered into a
contractual agreement with Cable Concepts, Inc. dba Direct Digital
Communications ("DDC"). The agreement was to purchase certain assets from DDC
and to supply project management and engineering services. The outstanding
balance due to Broadband Concepts for engineering and project management is
$166,855.17. The outstanding debt owed to DDC for purchase of assets is
$46,123.00 making the net due to Digital Service One Hundred Twenty Thousand
Seven Hundred Thirty Two Dollars and 17/100 ($120,732.17).

                                       20
<Page>

                                    Exhibit G
                                Estopple Language

On (roe date), (property name) entered into a Right of Entry Agreement with
Cable Concepts, Inc. dba Direct Digital Communications, allowing access and the
installation, operations for a video communications distribution system.

I (owner's representative) hereby attest that the Right of Entry Agreement
between (property name) and Cable Concepts, Inc. dba Direct Digital
Communications attached hereto is operational and in good standing and all
material covenants of the Right of Entry Agreement operational and or satisfied.


-----------------------------------
Owner's Representative

                                       21

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
