<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>w83926exv10w33.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN NISOURCE & OFFICERS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.33

                                    AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of this 1st day of February,
2001 (the "Agreement Date"), by and between NiSource Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("NiSource") and ___________________ ("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Executive's employment with Columbia Energy Group ("Columbia")
and all of its Affiliates was constructively terminated by Columbia and its
Affiliates on November 1, 2000 and Executive was rehired by NiSource or an
Affiliate on such date; and

         WHEREAS, Executive entered into a Change in Control Agreement with
Columbia effective July 14, 1999 (the "Columbia Change in Control Agreement"),
attached hereto as Exhibit A, and expressly elects to waive benefits provided
thereunder, except as otherwise provided herein, in return for benefits provided
under the Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of future services to be rendered by
Executive to NiSource or an Affiliate, and in further consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises contained herein, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:

         1.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a) "Account" shall mean the NiSource Phantom Stock Unit Account
established for Executive hereunder containing benefits credited as NiSource
Phantom Stock Units, pursuant to Section 5.

         (b) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
<PAGE>
         (c) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or entity designated by
Executive, by written instrument delivered to NiSource, to receive the benefits
payable with respect to him under the Agreement in the event of his death. If
Executive fails to designate a Beneficiary, or if no Beneficiary survives
Executive, such death benefits shall be paid:

                  (i)      to his surviving spouse;

                  (ii) if there is no surviving spouse, to his living
descendants per stirpes; or

                  (iii) if there is neither a surviving spouse nor descendants
then living, to his duly appointed and qualified executor or personal
representative.

         (d) "NiSource Phantom Stock Unit" shall mean a unit whose value is
related to the value of the common stock of NiSource.

         2. SERVICE. Notwithstanding the constructive termination of Executive's
employment with Columbia and all of its Affiliates on November 1, 2000,
Executive's service performed for Columbia or any of its Affiliates prior to
November 1, 2000 shall be credited for all purposes under any employee benefit
plan or program sponsored by Columbia, NiSource or any of their Affiliates in
which Executive participates at any time on or after November 1, 2000.

         3. BENEFITS. (a) In consideration of Executive's acceptance of
employment with NiSource, his Account shall be credited with _______ NiSource
Phantom Stock Units.

         (b) Notwithstanding any provisions contained elsewhere in the
Agreement, the provisions contained in the following Sections of the Columbia
Change in Control Agreement shall be preserved, and shall remain in effect
pursuant to the terms of the Columbia Change in Control Agreement:

                  (i) Section 3(b) - providing for a tax gross-up payment, which
shall apply to payments under the Columbia Change in Control Agreement and the
Agreement;

                                       2
<PAGE>
                  (ii) Section 5 - providing for reimbursement of litigation
expenses; and

                  (iii) Section 10 - providing for a confidentiality
restriction.

         (c) Notwithstanding any provisions contained elsewhere in the
Agreement, the benefits contained in the following Sections of the Columbia
Change in Control Agreement shall be provided to Executive if he terminates
employment with NiSource and all of its Affiliates for any reason, and at any
time, during the three year period following November 1, 2000:

                  (i) outplacement services, pursuant to Section 3a(ii)(B); and

                  (ii) continued health and welfare coverage for the remainder
of such three year period, pursuant to Section 3a(ii)(C).

         4. BONUS. In addition to the amount set forth in Section 3(a), ______
NiSource Phantom Stock Units shall be credited to Executive's Account.

         5. NISOURCE PHANTOM STOCK UNIT ACCOUNT. A NiSource Phantom Stock Unit
Account shall be established for Executive. Amounts credited to Executive's
Account shall be measured in terms of NiSource Phantom Stock Units. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 11(a), Executive shall be fully vested in his
Account at all times.

         6. DIVIDENDS. Amounts equivalent to dividends that would have been
declared on NiSource Phantom Stock Units credited to Executive's Account, had
such NiSource Phantom Stock Units actually constituted issued shares of common
stock of NiSource, shall be treated as follows:

         (a) The amount of such dividend equivalents for each calendar year
shall, at the election of Executive, either be (i) paid to Executive in cash,
within 10 days after NiSource pays the related dividend on its common stock, or
(ii) credited to Executive's Account as additional NiSource Phantom Stock Units,
based on the price per share of common stock of NiSource, as listed on the New
York Stock Exchange at the close of business on the date each dividend related
to a dividend equivalent is declared.

                                       3
<PAGE>
         (b) An election by Executive as to whether such dividend equivalents
shall be paid in cash or credited as additional NiSource Phantom Stock Units,
with respect to dividend equivalents for each calendar year, shall be in
writing, signed by Executive, and delivered to NiSource prior to January 1 of
the calendar year in which the dividends related to such dividend equivalents to
be deferred, or paid (as the case may be), are declared by NiSource. Such
election (and any subsequent election) shall continue until suspended or
modified in a writing delivered by Executive to NiSource, which new election
shall only apply to dividend equivalents that become applicable after the end of
the calendar year in which such election is delivered to NiSource.

         (c) Any such election made by Executive shall be irrevocable with
respect to any dividend equivalent covered by such election, including the
dividend equivalents applicable to the calendar year in which the election
suspending or modifying the prior election is delivered to NiSource.

         (d) If no election is made by Executive for a calendar year, dividend
equivalents for such year shall be credited to Executive's Account as additional
NiSource Phantom Stock Units, in the manner set forth in paragraph (a) above.

         7. DISTRIBUTION. Upon termination of employment of Executive with
NiSource and all of its Affiliates for any reason, Executive (or in the event of
death, his Beneficiary) shall be entitled to receive from NiSource an amount,
with respect to each NiSource Phantom Stock Unit then credited to Executive's
Account, equal to the greater of (a) the price per share of common stock of
NiSource, as listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the close of business on
the date of termination, and (b) 85% of the price per share of common stock of
NiSource, as listed on the New York Stock Exchange at the close of business on
November 1, 2000. Such amount shall be paid in a cash lump sum payment within 30
days following Executive's termination of employment with NiSource and all
Affiliates, but only if (except in the case of Executive's death) Executive
executes a Release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B within 7 days after
Executive's termination of employment with NiSource and all of its Affiliates.

         8. NONCOMPETITION AND NONSOLICITATION. Executive acknowledges that
NiSource and its Affiliates would be substantially damaged by an association of
Executive with a similar organization that competes for customers of NiSource
and any of its Affiliates. Without the written consent of NiSource, Executive
shall not at any time

                                       4
<PAGE>
during his employment with NiSource and any of its Affiliates, and for a period
of one year commencing on the date of Executive's termination of employment with
NiSource and any of its Affiliates, anywhere in the United States, (a) solicit
as a customer any person who was a customer of NiSource or any of its
Affiliates, or offer the same products or render the same services to such
customer as are provided or proposed to be provided by NiSource or any of its
Affiliates to such customer, (b) directly or indirectly, on Executive's behalf
or in the service or on the behalf of others, engage in, assist, perform
services for, establish, or have any equity interest in any entity or person, in
any line of business offered by NiSource or any of its Affiliate, whether as an
officer, partner, trustee, consultant, independent contractor, or employee for
any such person or entity, or (c) actively induce or solicit any employees of
NiSource or any of its Affiliates to leave the employ of NiSource or any of its
Affiliates. The provisions of this Section 8 shall not apply with respect to
activities performed by Executive in the normal course of his duties with
NiSource and any of its Affiliates. For purposes of this Section 8, "person"
shall include any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, firm,
proprietorship, venture, or other entity of any nature whatsoever.

         9. CHANGE IN CONTROL AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT. On the Agreement Date,
Executive and NiSource shall enter into a Change in Control and Termination
Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, applicable in the event of
a Change in Control of NiSource, as therein defined.

         10. RELIEF. The following shall apply in the event of a breach or
threatened or intended breach by Executive of the covenants and agreements set
forth in Section 8:

         (a) All amounts attributable to NiSource Phantom Stock Units credited
to Executive's Account pursuant to Section 4, and dividend equivalents related
thereto, to which Executive or any other person would otherwise be entitled
under the Agreement, shall be forfeited.

         (b) NiSource shall be entitled to injunctions, both preliminary and
permanent, enjoining such breach or threatened or intended breach, and Executive
hereby consents to the issuance thereof forthwith in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

         (c) The taking of any action by NiSource, or the forbearance of
NiSource to take any action with respect to such breach or intended or
threatened breach, shall not

                                       5
<PAGE>
constitute a waiver by NiSource of any of its rights to remedies or reliefs
under the Agreement or under law or equity.

         11. NISOURCE ASSIGNMENT. NiSource may not assign the Agreement, except
that NiSource's obligations hereunder shall be binding legal obligations of any
successor to all or substantially all of NiSource's business by purchase,
merger, consolidation, or otherwise.

         12. EXECUTIVE ASSIGNMENT. No interest of Executive or his Beneficiary
under the Agreement, or any right to receive any payment or distribution
hereunder, shall be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
attachment, garnishment, or other alienation or encumbrance of any kind, nor may
such interest or right to receive a payment or distribution be taken,
voluntarily or involuntarily, for the satisfaction of the obligations or debts
of, or other claims against, Executive or HIS Beneficiary, including claims for
alimony, support, separate maintenance, and claims in bankruptcy proceedings.

         13. BENEFITS UNFUNDED. All rights of Executive and his Beneficiary
under the Agreement shall at all times be entirely unfunded and no provision
shall at any time be made with respect to segregating any assets of NiSource for
payment of any amounts due hereunder. Neither Executive nor his Beneficiary
shall have any interest in or rights against any specific assets of NiSource or
any of its Affiliates, and Executive and his Beneficiary shall have only the
rights of a general unsecured creditor of NiSource and its Affiliates.
References to an Account shall be for bookkeeping purposes only, and shall not
constitute a segregation of assets of NiSource or any of its Affiliates.

         14. WAIVER. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach
by the other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of the
Agreement to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a waiver of any
other provisions or conditions at the same time or at any prior or subsequent
time.

         15. APPLICABLE LAW. The Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
pursuant to the laws of Indiana.

         16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Agreement contains the entire Agreement
between NiSource and Executive and supersedes any and all previous agreements,

                                       6
<PAGE>
written or oral, among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof,
including the Columbia Change in Control Agreement, except as provided in
paragraphs (b) and (c) of Section 3. No amendment or modification of the terms
of the Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto unless reduced to
writing and signed by NiSource and Executive.

         17. NO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT. Nothing contained in the Agreement shall be
construed to be an employment contract between Executive and NiSource or any of
its Affiliates. Executive is employed at will and NiSource or any of its
Affiliates may terminate his employment at any time, with or without cause.

         18. WITHHOLDING. NiSource or any of its Affiliates shall have the right
to deduct from all amounts paid pursuant to the Agreement any taxes required by
law to be withheld with respect to such awards.

         19. COUNTERPARTS. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original.

         20. SEVERABILITY. In the event any provision of the Agreement is held
illegal or invalid, the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall not be
affected thereby.

         21. SUCCESSORS. The Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives and
successors.

         22. NOTICE. Notices required under the Agreement shall be in writing
and sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, to the following
addresses or to such other address as the party being notified may have
previously furnished to the other party by written notice:

               If to NiSource:   NiSource Inc.
                                 801 E. 86th Avenue
                                 Merrillville, Indiana 46410
                                 Attention: Gary L. Neale
                                 Phone:     219-647-6004
                                 Facsimile: 219-647-6061

                                       7
<PAGE>
                 With a copy to:          Schiff Hardin & Waite
                                          6600 Sears Tower
                                          233 S. Wacker Drive
                                          Chicago, Illinois  60606

                                          Attention: Lawrence H. Jacobson
                                          Phone:     312-258-5580
                                          Facsimile: 312-258-5700

                If to Executive:          [___________________]
                                          NiSource Inc.
                                          801 E. 86th Avenue
                                          Merrillville, Indiana 46410
                                          Phone:     219-647-6004
                                          Facsimile: 219-647-6061

                                       8
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set his hand, and NiSource
has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of
the day and year first above written.

                                                     NISOURCE INC.

                                                     By:
                                                         -----------------------
                                                     Title:
                                                            --------------------

                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     [-------------------]

                                       9
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT B

                                 GENERAL RELEASE

                  In consideration of the benefits set forth in the Agreement
attached hereto, the sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged,
I do hereby fully, finally and unconditionally release and forever discharge
NiSource, and all its parent, sister and subsidiary corporations and all of its
affiliates, as well as all of its former and current directors, officers,
employees, attorneys, agents, predecessors, successors and assigns, in their
personal and corporate capacities, from any and all liabilities, actions, causes
of action, claims, rights, obligations, charges, damages, costs, attorneys'
fees, suits, re-employment rights and demands of any and every kind, nature and
character, known and unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute or
contingent, in law or in equity, enforceable under any local, state, or federal
statute or ordinance, or under the common law of the United States, from the
beginning of the world to the date of this General Release, including, but not
limited to, all claims relating to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of
1967, as amended, 29 U.S.C. Section 621 et seq. and the specific statutes
referred to in footnote(1) and the Indiana doctrines of defamation, libel,
slander, invasion of privacy, intentional infliction of emotiOnal distress,
interference with contractual relations, retaliatory discharge, employment
contracts, wrongful discharge, implied contracts or implied covenants of good
faith, or fair dealing, and any other statute, authority or law, providing a
cause of action as to my employment with NiSource and all its parent, sister and
subsidiary corporations and all of its affiliates, and/or its termination.
Except to enforce the terms of the Agreement, I also agree not to sue NiSource
or any of the other released entities or persons with respect to the claims
covered by the foregoing General Release. I acknowledge and agree that this
General Release is being given only in exchange for consideration to which I am
not otherwise entitled.

                  I acknowledge that I have been hereby advised in writing by
NiSource to consult with an attorney prior to executing this General Release and
have been given a period of 21 days within which to consider its terms.

                  For a period of 7 days following my execution of this General
Release, I shall have the right to revoke this General Release and it shall not
become effective or enforceable until such revocation period has expired.

(1) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section
2000e et seq.; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended,
29 U.S.C. Section 1001 et seq.; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29
U.S.C. Section 701 et seq.; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as
amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 12101 et seq.; the Family and Medical Leave Act of
1993, 29 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.; the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as
amended, 29 U.S.C. Section 201 et seq.; the civil Rights Act of April 9, 1866,
42 U.S.C. Section 1981 et seq.; the National Labor-Management Relations Act, 29
U.S.C. Section 141 et seq.; the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act,
29 U.S.C. Section 2101 et seq.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29
U.S.C. Section 651 et seq.; the Indiana Civil Rights Law, Ind. Code Section
22-9-1 et seq.

                                      B-1
<PAGE>
                  I also acknowledge having read and understood the provisions
of this General Release and represent that the execution of this General Release
constitutes my knowing and voluntary act, made without coercion or intimidation.
I understand that this General Release is binding upon me, my heirs, executors
and administrators.

DATED:
       ------------------------------             ------------------------------
                                                  [-------------------]

DATED:
       ------------------------------             ------------------------------
                                                  Witness' Signature

                                      B-2
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT C
                   CHANGE IN CONTROL AND TERMINATION AGREEMENT

         NiSource Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Employer"), which as used
herein shall mean NiSource Inc. and all of its Affiliates, and
___________________ ("Executive") hereby enter into a Change in Control and
Termination Agreement as of February 1, 2001 ("Agreement"), which Agreement is
hereinafter set forth.

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, Employer desires to provide security to Executive in
connection with Executive's employment with Employer in the event of a Change in
Control; and

         WHEREAS, Executive and Employer desire to enter into this Agreement
pertaining to the terms of the security Employer is providing to Executive with
respect to his employment in the event of a Change in Control;

         NOW, THEREFORE,in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises
contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

         1. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be the period beginning on
the date hereof and terminating on the date 36 months after such date (the
"Term"), provided that for each day from and after the date hereof the Term will
automatically be extended for an additional day, unless either Employer or
Executive has given written notice to the other party of its or his election to
cease such automatic extension, in which case the Term shall be the 36-month
period beginning on the date such notice is received by such other party.

                                      C-1
<PAGE>
         2. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

                  (a) "Affiliate" or "Associate" shall have the meaning set
         forth in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                  (b) "Base Salary" shall mean Executive's monthly base salary
         at the rate in effect on the date of a reduction for purposes of
         paragraph (g) of this Section, or on the date of a termination of
         employment under circumstances described in subsections 3(a) or (b)
         below, whichever is higher; provided, however, that such rate shall in
         no event be less than the highest rate in effect for Executive at any
         time during the Term.

                  (c) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or entity designated
         by Executive, by written instrument delivered to Employer, to receive
         the benefits payable under this Agreement in the event of his death. If
         Executive fails to designate a Beneficiary, or if no Beneficiary
         survives Executive, such death benefits shall be paid:

                           (i)      to his surviving spouse; or

                           (ii)     if there is no surviving spouse, to his
                                    living descendants per stirpes; or

                           (iii)    if there is neither a surviving spouse nor
                                    descendants, to his duly appointed and
                                    qualified executor or personal
                                    representative.

                  (d) "Bonus" shall mean Executive's target annual incentive
         bonus compensation for the calendar year in which the date of a
         termination of employment under circumstances described in subsection
         3(a) below occurs, under the incentive bonus compensation plan then
         maintained by Employer; provided, however, that such target annual
         incentive bonus compensation shall in no event be less than the highest
         target annual incentive bonus compensation

                                      C-2
<PAGE>
     of Executive under any such incentive bonus compensation plan for any
     calendar year commencing during the Term.

                  (e) A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to take place on the
     occurrence of any of the following events:

                           (1) The acquisition by an entity, person or group
                  (including all Affiliates or Associates of such entity, person
                  or group) of beneficial ownership, as that term is defined in
                  Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of
                  capital stock of NiSource Inc. entitled to exercise more than
                  30% of the outstanding voting power of all capital stock of
                  NiSource Inc. entitled to vote in elections of directors
                  ("Voting Power");

                           (2) The effective time of (i) a merger or
                  consolidation of NiSource Inc. with one or more other
                  corporations as a result of which the holders of the
                  outstanding Voting Power of NiSource Inc. immediately prior to
                  such merger or consolidation (other than the surviving or
                  resulting corporation or any Affiliate or Associate thereof)
                  hold less than 50% of the Voting Power of the surviving or
                  resulting corporation, or (ii) a transfer of 30% of the Voting
                  Power, or a Substantial Portion of the Property, of NiSource
                  Inc. other than to an entity of which NiSource Inc. owns at
                  least 50% of the Voting Power; or

                           (3) The election to the Board of Directors of
                  NiSource Inc. of candidates who were not recommended for
                  election by the Board of Directors of NiSource Inc. in office
                  immediately prior to the election, if such candidates
                  constitute a majority of those elected in that particular
                  election.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to take
place by virtue of any transaction in which Executive is a participant in a
group effecting an acquisition of NiSource Inc. and, after such acquisition,
Executive holds an equity interest in the entity that has acquired NiSource Inc.

                                      C-3
<PAGE>
                  (f) "Good Cause" shall be deemed to exist if, and only if:

                           (1) Executive engages in acts or omissions
                  constituting dishonesty, intentional breach of fiduciary
                  obligation or intentional wrongdoing or malfeasance, in each
                  case that results in substantial harm to Employer; or

                           (2) Executive is convicted of a criminal violation
                  involving fraud or dishonesty.

                  (g) "Good Reason" shall be deemed to exist if, and only if:

                           (1) there is a significant change in the nature or
                  the scope of Executive's authorities or duties;

                           (2) there is a significant reduction in Executive's
                  monthly rate of Base Salary, his opportunity to earn a bonus
                  under an incentive bonus compensation plan maintained by
                  Employer or his benefits; or

                           (3) Employer changes by 100 miles or more the
                  principal location in which Executive is required to perform
                  services.

                  (h) "Pension Plan" shall mean any Retirement Plan that is a
         defined benefit plan as defined in Section 3(35) of the Employee
         Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA").

                  (i) "Retirement Plan" shall mean any qualified or supplemental
         employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA,
         currently or hereinafter made available by Employer in which Executive
         is eligible to participate.

                  (j) "Severance Period" shall mean the period beginning on the
         date Executive's employment with Employer terminates under
         circumstances described in subsection 3(a) and ending on the date 36
         months thereafter.

                                      C-4
<PAGE>
                  (k) "Substantial Portion of the Property of NiSource Inc."
         shall mean 50% of the aggregate book value of the assets of NiSource
         Inc. and its Affiliates and Associates as set forth on the most recent
         balance sheet of NiSource Inc., prepared on a consolidated basis, by
         its regularly employed, independent, certified public accountants.

                  (l) "Welfare Plan" shall mean any health and dental plan,
         disability plan, survivor income plan or life insurance plan, as
         defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, currently or hereafter made available
         by Employer in which Executive is eligible to participate.

         3. Benefits Upon Termination of Employment. (a) The following
provisions will apply if a Change in Control occurs during the Term, and (i) at
any time during the 24 months after the Change in Control occurs (whether during
or after the expiration of the Term), the employment of Executive with Employer
is terminated by Employer for any reason other than Good Cause, or Executive
terminates his employment with Employer for Good Reason, or (ii) at any time
during the seventh month after the Change in Control occurs (whether during or
after the expiration of the Term), Executive terminates his employment with
Employer for any reason:

                  (1) Employer shall pay Executive an amount equal to 36 times
         the sum of (a) Executive's Base Salary plus (b) one-twelfth of his
         Bonus. Such amount shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum within 180
         days after his date of termination of employment; provided, however,
         Executive, by written notice to Employer, may elect to receive such
         payment on any date that is no earlier than the later to occur of (i)
         the date 10 days after the date of termination, and (ii) the date 10
         days after receipt of such notice.

                  (2) Employer shall pay Executive an amount equal to the pro
         rata portion of Executive's target annual incentive bonus compensation
         for the calendar year in which the date of termination of employment
         occurs, under the

                                      C-5
<PAGE>
         incentive bonus compensation plan then maintained by Employer, that is
         applicable to the period commencing on the first day of such calendar
         year and ending on the date of termination. Such amount shall be paid
         to Executive in a lump sum within 180 days after his date of
         termination of employment; provided, however, Executive, by written
         notice to Employer, may elect to receive such payment on any date that
         is no earlier than the later to occur of (i) the date 10 days after the
         date of termination, and (ii) the date 10 days after receipt of such
         notice.

                  (3) Executive shall receive any and all benefits accrued under
         any Retirement Plan, Welfare Plan or other plan or program in which he
         participates at the date of termination of employment, to the date of
         termination of employment, the amount, form and time of payment of such
         benefits to be determined by the terms of such Retirement Plan, Welfare
         Plan and other plan or program, and Executive's employment shall be
         deemed to have terminated by reason of retirement, and without regard
         to vesting limitations in all such Plans and other plans or programs
         not subject to the qualification requirements of Section 401 (a) of the
         Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended ("Code"), under circumstances
         that have the most favorable result for Executive thereunder for all
         purposes of such Plans and other plans or programs. Payment shall be
         made at the earliest date permitted under any such Plan or other plan
         or program that is not funded with a trust agreement.

                  (4) (A) Employer shall pay to Executive a monthly Supplemental
         Pension Benefit in an amount equal to the amount determined pursuant to
         clause (i) below less the amount determined pursuant to clause (ii)
         below:

                           (i) the aggregate monthly amount of the pension
                  benefit ("Pension") that would have been payable to Executive
                  under all Pension Plans if that Pension were computed (A) by
                  treating the Severance Period

                                      C-6
<PAGE>
                  as service for all purposes of the Pension Plans and (B) by
                  considering his compensation during the Severance Period to be
                  his Base Salary and one-twelfth of his Bonus for all purposes
                  of the Pension Plans;

                           (ii) the aggregate monthly amount of any Pension
                  actually paid to Executive under all Pension Plans.

                  (B) The Supplemental Pension Benefit payable to Executive
         hereunder shall be paid (i) commencing at the later to occur of the
         last day of the Severance Period or the date payment of his Pension
         commences under the Pension Plans; and (ii) in the same form as is
         applicable to the Pension payable to Executive under the Pension Plans.

                  (C) If Executive dies prior to commencement of payment to him
         of his Pension under the Pension Plans, under circumstances in which a
         death benefit under the Pension Plans is payable to his surviving
         spouse or other beneficiary, then Employer shall pay a monthly
         Supplemental Death Benefit to Executive's surviving spouse or other
         beneficiary entitled to receive the death benefit payable with respect
         to Executive under the Pension Plans in an amount equal to the amount
         determined pursuant to clause (i) below less the amount determined
         pursuant to clause (ii) below:

                           (i) the aggregate monthly amount of the death benefit
                  that would have been payable to the surviving spouse or other
                  beneficiary of Executive under the Pension Plans if that death
                  benefit were computed (A) by treating the Severance Period as
                  service for all purposes of the Pension Plans and (B) by
                  considering his compensation during the Severance Period to be
                  his Base Salary and one-twelfth of his Bonus for all purposes
                  of the Pension Plans;

                                      C-7
<PAGE>
                           (ii) the aggregate monthly amount of any death
                  benefit actually paid to the surviving spouse or other
                  beneficiary of Executive under the Pension Plans.

                  (D) The Supplemental Death Benefit payable with respect to
         Executive hereunder shall be payable at the same time, in the same
         form, and to the same persons as is applicable to the death benefit
         payable with respect to Executive under the Pension Plans.

                  (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, the total of the
         actual years of service of Executive for purposes of each of the
         Pension Plans and the years of service for which credit is given
         pursuant to subparagraphs (3)(A) and (C) shall not exceed the maximum
         number of years of service, if any, that can be considered pursuant to
         the terms of such Pension Plan.

                  (F) Any actuarial adjustments made under the Pension Plans
         with respect to the form or time of payment of a Pension or death
         benefit to Executive or his surviving spouse or other beneficiary under
         the Pension Plans shall also be applicable to the Supplemental Pension
         Benefit or Supplemental Death Benefit payable hereunder and shall be
         based upon the same actuarial assumptions as those specified in the
         Pension Plans.

                  (5) If upon the date of termination of Executive's employment
         Executive holds any options with respect to stock of Employer, all such
         options will immediately become exercisable upon such date and will be
         exercisable for 200 days thereafter. Any restrictions on stock of
         Employer owned by Executive on the date of termination of his
         employment will lapse on such date.

                  (6) During the Severance Period Executive and his spouse and
         other dependents will continue to be covered by all Welfare Plans
         maintained by Employer in which he and his spouse and other dependents
         were participating immediately prior to the date of his termination as
         if he continued to be an

                                      C-8
<PAGE>
         employee of Employer and Employer will continue to pay the costs of
         coverage of Executive and his spouse and other dependents under such
         Welfare Plans on the same basis as is applicable to active employees
         covered thereunder; provided that, if participation in any one or more
         of such Welfare Plans is not possible under the terms thereof, Employer
         will provide substantially identical benefits. Coverage under any such
         Welfare Plan will cease if and when Executive obtains employment with
         another employer during the Severance Period, and becomes eligible for
         coverage under any substantially similar Welfare Plan provided by his
         new employer.

                  (7) During the Severance Period, Executive shall not be
         entitled to reimbursement for fringe benefits, including without
         limitation, dues and expenses related to club memberships, automobile
         expenses, expenses for professional services and other similar
         perquisites.

         (b) If the employment of Executive with Employer is terminated by
Employer or Executive other than under circumstances set forth in subsection
3(a), Executive's Base Salary shall be paid through the date of his termination,
and Employer shall have no further obligation to Executive or any other person
under this Agreement. Such termination shall have no effect upon Employee's
other rights, including but not limited to, rights under the Retirement Plans
and the Welfare Plans.

         (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (1) in the event
Employer shall terminate the employment of Executive for Good Cause hereunder,
Employer shall give Executive at least thirty (30) days prior written notice
specifying in detail the reason or reasons for Executive's termination, and (2)
in the event Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason hereunder,
Executive shall give Employer at least thirty (30) days prior written notice
specifying in detail the reason or reasons for Executive's termination.

                                      C-9
<PAGE>
         (d) This Agreement shall have no effect, and Employer shall have no
obligations hereunder, if Executive's employment terminates for any reason at
any time other than during the 24 months following a Change in Control.

         4. Excise Tax. (a) In the event that a Change in Control shall occur,
and a final determination is made by legislation, regulation, ruling directed to
Executive or Employer, by court decision, or by independent tax counsel
described in subsection (b) next below, that the aggregate amount of any payment
made to Executive (1) hereunder, and (2) pursuant to any plan, program or policy
of Employer in connection with, on account of, or as a result of, such Change in
Control ("Total Payments") will be subject to the excise tax provisions of
Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor section thereof, Executive shall be
entitled to receive from Employer, in addition to any other amounts payable
hereunder, a lump sum payment (the "Gross-Up Payment"), sufficient to cover the
full cost of such excise taxes and Executive's federal, state and local income
and employment taxes on this additional payment so that the net amount retained
by Executive, after the payment of all such excise taxes on the Total Payments,
and all federal, state and local income and employment taxes and excise taxes on
the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments. The Total Payments,
however, shall be subject to any federal, state and local income and employment
taxes thereon. For this purpose, Executive shall be deemed to be in the highest
marginal rate of federal, state and local taxes. The Gross-Up Payment shall be
made at the same time as the payments described in subsections 3(a)(1) and (2)
above.

         (b) Employer and Executive shall mutually and reasonably determine the
amount of the Gross-Up Payment to be made to Executive pursuant to the preceding
subsection. Prior to the making of any such Gross-Up Payment, either party may
request a determination as to the amount of such Gross-Up Payment. If such a
determination is requested, it shall be made promptly, at Employer's expense, by

                                      C-10
<PAGE>
independent tax counsel selected by Executive and approved by Employer (which
approval shall not unreasonably be withheld), and such determination shall be
conclusive and binding on the parties. Employer shall provide such information
as such counsel may reasonably request, and such counsel may engage accountants
or other experts at Employer's expense to the extent that they deem necessary or
advisable to enable them to reach a determination. The term "independent tax
counsel," as used herein, shall mean a law firm of recognized expertise in
federal income tax matters that has not previously advised or represented either
party. It is hereby agreed that neither Employer nor Executive shall engage any
such firm as counsel for any purpose, other than to make the determination
provided for herein, for three years following such firm's announcement of its
determination.

         (c) In the event the Internal Revenue Service subsequently adjusts the
excise tax computation made pursuant to subsections 4(a) and (b) above, Employer
shall pay to Executive, or Executive shall pay to Employer, as the case may be,
the full amount necessary to make either Executive or Employer whole had the
excise tax initially been computed as subsequently adjusted, including the
amount of any underpaid or overpaid excise tax, and any related interest and/or
penalties due to the Internal Revenue Service.

         5. Setoff. No payments or benefits payable to or with respect to
Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be reduced by any amount Executive or
his spouse or Beneficiary, or any other beneficiary under the Pension Plans, may
earn or receive from employment with another employer or from any other source,
except as expressly provided in subsection 3(a)(6).

         6. Death. If Executive's employment with Employer terminates under
circumstances described in subsections 3(a) or (b), then upon Executive's
subsequent death, all unpaid amounts payable to Executive under subsections
3(a)(1), (2) or (3) or 3(b), or Section 4, if any, shall be paid to his
Beneficiary, all amounts payable under

                                      C-11
<PAGE>
subsection 3(a)(4) shall be paid pursuant to the terms of said subsection to his
spouse or other beneficiary under the Pension Plans, and if subsection 3(a)
applies, his spouse and other dependents shall continue to be covered under all
applicable Welfare Plans during the remainder of the Severance Period, if any,
pursuant to subsection 3(a)(6).

         7. No Solicitation of Representatives and Employees. Executive agrees
that he shall not, during the Term or the Severance Period, directly or
indirectly, in his individual capacity or otherwise, induce, cause, persuade, or
attempt to do any of the foregoing in order to cause, any representative, agent
or employee of Employer to terminate such person's employment relationship with
Employer, or to violate the terms of any agreement between said representative,
agent or employee and Employer.

         8. Confidentiality. Executive acknowledges that preservation of a
continuing business relationship between Employer and their respective
customers, representatives, and employees is of critical importance to the
continued business success of Employer and that it is the active policy of
Employer to guard as confidential certain information not available to the
public and relating to the business affairs of Employer. In view of the
foregoing, Executive agrees that he shall not during the Term and at any time
thereafter, without the prior written consent of Employer, disclose to any
person or entity any such confidential information that was obtained by
Executive in the course of his employment by Employer. This section shall not be
applicable if and to the extent Executive is required to testify in a
legislative, judicial or regulatory proceeding pursuant to an order of Congress,
any state or local legislature, a judge, or an administrative law judge or is
otherwise required by law to disclose such information.

         9. Forfeiture. If Executive shall at any time violate any obligation of
his under Sections 7 or 8 in a manner that results in material damage to the
Employer or its business, he shall immediately forfeit his right to any benefits
under this Agreement, and Employer shall thereafter have no further obligation
hereunder to Executive or his spouse, Beneficiary or any other person.

                                      C-12
<PAGE>
         10. Executive Assignment. No interest of Executive, his spouse or any
Beneficiary, or any other beneficiary under the Pension Plans, under this
Agreement, or any right to receive any payment or distribution hereunder, shall
be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, attachment,
garnishment, or other alienation or encumbrance of any kind, nor may such
interest or right to receive a payment or distribution be taken, voluntarily or
involuntarily, for the satisfaction of the obligations or debts of, or other
claims against, Executive or his spouse, Beneficiary or other beneficiary,
including claims for alimony, support, separate maintenance, and claims in
bankruptcy proceedings.

         11. Benefits Unfunded. Except as otherwise provided in Section 13, all
rights under this Agreement of Executive and his spouse, Beneficiary or other
beneficiary under the Pension Plans, shall at all times be entirely unfunded,
and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to segregating any
assets of Employer for payment of any amounts due hereunder. None of Executive,
his spouse, Beneficiary or any other beneficiary under the Pension Plans shall
have any interest in or rights against any specific assets of Employer, and
Executive and his spouse, Beneficiary or other beneficiary shall have only the
rights of a general unsecured creditor of Employer. Except as otherwise provided
in Section 13, and notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section, the
Nominating and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Employer, in
its discretion, shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to
cause amounts payable to Executive or his Beneficiary hereunder to be paid to
the trustee of the NIPSCO Industries, Inc. Umbrella Trust For Management
established effective January 1, 1991, as amended from time to time, or any
similar trust at any time established by Employer ("Trust").

         12. Waiver. No waiver by any party at any time of any breach by the
other party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement
to be

                                      C-13
<PAGE>
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions
or conditions at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.

         13. Litigation Expenses. Employer shall pay Executive's reasonable
attorneys' fees and legal expenses in connection with any judicial proceeding to
enforce this Agreement, or to construe or determine the validity of this
Agreement or otherwise in connection therewith, whether or not Executive is
successful in such litigation. Within 10 days following the occurrence of a
Potential Change in Control (as defined in the Trust described in Section 11),
the Nominating and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Employer
shall cause Employer to contribute the sum of $100,000 to the Trust to be
applied in satisfaction of Employer's obligations under this Section. The
Nominating and Compensation Committee shall cause Employer to contribute
additional amounts to the Trust, at such time or times as the Committee deems
appropriate, to the extent the aggregate of (1) the aforementioned sum of
$100,000, plus Trust earnings thereon, and (2) any additional Employer
contributions to the Trust, plus Trust earnings thereon, is not sufficient to
satisfy in full Employer's obligations under this Section.

         14. Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
pursuant to the laws of Indiana.

         15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire Agreement
between the Employer and Executive and supersedes any and all previous
agreements; written or oral; between the parties relating to the subject matter
hereof. No amendment or modification of the terms of this Agreement shall be
binding upon the parties hereto unless reduced to writing and signed by Employer
and Executive.

         16. No Employment Contract. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be construed to be an employment contract between Executive and Employer.

         17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original.

                                      C-14
<PAGE>
         18. Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is held
illegal or invalid, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be
affected thereby.

         19. Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, representatives and
successors.

         20. Employment with an Affiliate. For purposes of this Agreement, (A)
employment or termination of employment of Executive shall mean employment or
termination of employment with Employer and all Affiliates, (B) Base Salary and
Bonus shall include remuneration received by Executive from Employer and all
Affiliates, and (C) the terms Pension Plan, Retirement Plan and Welfare Plan
maintained or made available by Employer shall include any such plans of any
Affiliate of Employer.

         21. Notice. Notices required under this Agreement shall be in writing
and sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, to the following
addresses or to such other address as the party being notified may have
previously furnished to the other party by written notice:

                  If to Employer:   NiSource Inc.
                                    801 E. 86th Avenue
                                    Merrillville, Indiana 46410
                                    Attention: Gary L. Neale

                  If to Executive:  NiSource Inc.
                                    801 E. 86th Avenue
                                    Merrillville, Indiana 46410
                                    Attention:  [___________________]

                                      C-15
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set his hand, and Employer
has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all on this
1st day of February, 2001.

                                                NISOURCE INC.

                                                By
                                                    ----------------------------
                                                Title:
                                                    ----------------------------

                                                    ----------------------------
                                                  [_________________], Executive




                                      C-16
<PAGE>
Schedule of Parties to Executive Agreements:

The following NiSource executives have entered into an Agreement in
substantially the form hereof with NiSource: Jeffrey Grossman (20,336 Units in
consideration of employment and 12,965 Units in consideration of non-compete),
Michael W. O'Donnell (73,020 Units in consideration of employment and 26,533
Units in consideration of non-compete) and Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. (65,789 Units
in consideration of employment and 19,940 Units in consideration of
non-compete).

The contracts are substantially identical in all material respects except as to
the parties, the execution dates, the number of Units credited to the employee
(such number is identified by parenthetical above), and terms of the change of
control agreements attached as Exhibit B thereto (which are substantially
identical in all material respects except as to the parties, the execution
dates, whether the termination provisions of the agreement apply (from 7-24
months), the monthly base payout (24 to 36 months), and whether or not the
executive's payout is grossed up for taxes).

                                       B-1


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
