<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>s398297.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.1


                               NTL EUROPE, INC.
                            2003 STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.         Purpose; Construction.

           This NTL Europe, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan"), is
           intended to encourage stock ownership by employees, directors and
           independent contractors of NTL Europe, Inc. (the "Corporation") and
           its divisions and subsidiary and parent corporations and other
           affiliates, so that they may acquire or increase their proprietary
           interest in the Corporation, and to encourage such employees,
           directors and independent contractors to remain in the employ or
           service of the Corporation or its affiliates and to put forth
           maximum efforts for the success of the business. To accomplish such
           purposes, the Plan provides that the Corporation may grant
           Incentive Stock Options (as hereinafter defined) and Nonqualified
           Stock Options (as hereinafter defined).

2.         Definitions.

           As used in this Plan, the following words and phrases shall have
           the meanings indicated:

           (a)    "AFFILIATE" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
                  under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

           (b)    "AFFILIATED ENTITY" shall have the meaning set forth in
                  Section 4 hereof.

           (c)    "BENEFICIAL OWNER" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule
                  13d-3 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person shall not
                  be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any securities which
                  are properly filed on a Form 13-G.

           (d)    "BOARD" shall mean the Board of Directors of the
                  Corporation.

           (e)    "CAUSE" shall mean as follows: (a) in the case of an
                  Optionee whose employment with the Corporation or a
                  Subsidiary Corporation is subject to the terms of an
                  employment agreement which includes a definition of "Cause",
                  the term "Cause" as used in this Plan or any Option Notice
                  shall have the meaning set forth in such employment
                  agreement during the period that such employment agreement
                  remains in effect, and (b), in all other cases, the term
                  "Cause" as used in this Plan or any Option Notice shall mean
                  (i) an intentional failure to perform reasonably assigned
                  duties, (ii) dishonesty or willful misconduct in the
                  performance of duties, (iii) involvement in a transaction in
                  connection with the performance of duties to the Corporation
                  or any of its Subsidiary Corporations which transaction is
                  adverse to the interests of the Corporation or any of its
                  Subsidiary Corporations and which is engaged in for personal
                  profit or (iv) willful violation of any law, rule or
                  regulation

<PAGE>

                  in connection with the performance of duties (other than
                  traffic violations or similar offenses).

           (f)    "CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                  amended, and any reference to the Code shall include all
                  treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

           (g)    "COMMITTEE" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3
                  hereof.

           (h)    "COMMON STOCK" shall mean the common stock, par value $.01
                  per share, of the Corporation.

           (i)    "DISABILITY" shall mean as follows: (1) in the case of an
                  Optionee whose employment with the Corporation or a
                  Subsidiary Corporation is subject to the terms of an
                  employment agreement which includes a definition of
                  "Disability", the term "Disability" as used in this Plan or
                  any Option Notice shall have the meaning set forth in such
                  employment agreement during the period that such employment
                  agreement remains in effect, and (2) in all other cases, the
                  term "Disability" as used in this Plan or any Option Notice
                  shall have the same meaning as the term "Disability" as used
                  in the Company's long-term disability plan, or, if the
                  Company has no long-term disability plan, shall mean an
                  Optionee's inability to engage in any substantial gainful
                  activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or
                  mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or
                  that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous
                  period of not less than twelve (12) months; provided,
                  however, that when used in connection with the exercise of
                  an Incentive Stock Option following termination of
                  employment, the term "Disability" as used in this Plan or
                  any Option Notice shall mean a disability within the meaning
                  of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

           (j)    "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
                  1934, as amended from time to time.

           (k)    "FAIR MARKET VALUE" per share as of a particular date shall
                  mean (i) if the shares of Common Stock are then traded in a
                  stock exchange, on an over-the-counter market, or otherwise,
                  the closing price for the shares of Common Stock in such
                  market on such date or, if there were no such sales on the
                  particular date, but there were such sales of Common Stock
                  on dates within a reasonable period both before and after
                  the particular date, the weighted average of the closing
                  sale prices on the nearest date before and nearest date
                  after the particular date, (ii) if the provisions of (i) of
                  this subsection (k) are inapplicable because actual sales
                  are not available during a reasonable period beginning
                  before and ending after the particular date, the average
                  between the bona fide bid and asked prices on the particular
                  date, or if none, the weighted average of the means between
                  the bona fide bid and asked prices on the nearest trading
                  date before and the nearest trading date after the
                  particular date, if both such nearest dates are within a
                  reasonable period, (iii) if the provisions of (i) and (ii)
                  of this subsection (k) are inapplicable because no actual
                  sale prices or bona fide bid and asked prices are available
                  on a date within a reasonable period before the

                                      2
<PAGE>

                  particular date, but such prices are available on a date
                  within a reasonable period after the valuation date, or vice
                  versa, then the average between the highest and lowest
                  available sales prices or bid and asked prices, or (iv) if
                  the Committee believes the value of the Common Stock
                  determined under (i), (ii) or (iii) of this subsection (k)
                  does not reflect the fair market value on the particular
                  date, such value as the Committee in its discretion may
                  determine.

           (l)    "INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION" shall mean an Option that is an
                  "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422
                  of the Code, or any successor provision, and that is
                  designated in the applicable Option Notice as an Incentive
                  Stock Option.

           (m)    NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION" shall mean any Option that is not
                  an Incentive Stock Option, including any Option that
                  provides (as of the time such Option is granted) that it
                  will not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option.

           (n)    "OPTION" shall mean an option to purchase shares of Common
                  Stock of the Corporation.

           (o)    "OPTIONEE" shall mean a person who has been granted an
                  Option under the Plan.

           (p)    "PARENT CORPORATION" shall mean any corporation (other than
                  the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending
                  with the employer corporation if, at the time of granting an
                  Option, each of the corporations other than the employer
                  corporation owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or
                  more of the total combined voting power of all classes of
                  stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.

           (q)    "PERSON" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of
                  the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and
                  14(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (i)
                  the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a trustee or
                  other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
                  plan of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) an
                  underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an
                  offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned,
                  directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the
                  Corporation in substantially the same proportions as their
                  ownership of stock of the Corporation.

           (r)    "PLAN OF REORGANIZATION" means the Corporation's
                  pre-negotiated plan of reorganization, including all
                  supplements, appendices and schedules thereto.

           (s)    "RULE 16b-3" shall mean Rule 16b-3 promulgated under Section
                  16 of the Exchange Act (or any other comparable provisions
                  in effect at the time or times in question).

           (t)    "SUBSIDIARY CORPORATION" shall mean any corporation (other
                  than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of corporations
                  beginning with the employer corporation if, at the time of
                  granting an Option, each of the corporations other than

                                      3
<PAGE>

                  the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock
                  possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined
                  voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
                  corporations in such chain.

3.         Administration.

           The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation and Option
           Committee of the Board (the "Compensation and Option Committee") or
           such other committee appointed either by the Board or by such
           Compensation and Option Committee (the "Committee" ); provided,
           however, to the extent determined necessary to satisfy the
           requirements for exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act
           with respect to the acquisition or disposition of securities
           hereunder or the requirements for exemption from Section 162(m) of
           the Code, action by the Committee shall be by a subcommittee of a
           committee of the Board composed solely of two or more "non-employee
           directors" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 and "outside directors"
           as defined in Section 162(m) of the Code, appointed by the Board or
           by the Committee. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the
           contrary, to the extent determined to be necessary to satisfy an
           exemption under Rule 16b-3 with respect to a grant hereunder (and,
           as applicable, with respect to the disposition to the Corporation
           of a security hereunder), or as otherwise determined advisable by
           the Committee, the terms of such grant and disposition under the
           Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Board. Any approval of
           the Board, as provided in the preceding sentence, shall not
           otherwise limit or restrict the authority of the Committee to make
           grants under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the mere fact
           that a member of the Committee shall fail to qualify as a
           "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 or as an
           "outside director" as defined in Section 162(m) of the Code shall
           not invalidate any Option granted by the Committee, which Option is
           otherwise validly made under the Plan.

           The Committee shall have the authority and discretion, subject to
           and not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan, to
           administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities
           either specifically granted to it under the Plan or necessary or
           advisable in the administration of the Plan, including, without
           limitation, the authority to: (1) grant Options; (2) interpret and
           administer the Plan, (3) resolve any ambiguity, reconcile any
           inconsistency, and correct any default or deficiency and/or supply
           any omission in the Plan or any instrument or agreement relating
           thereto, (4) determine the purchase price of the shares of Common
           Stock covered by each Option (the "Option Price"); (5) determine
           the type or types of Options to be granted; (6) determine the
           persons to whom, and the time or times at which, Options shall be
           granted; (7) determine the number of shares to be covered by each
           Option; (8) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
           relating to the Plan; (9) determine the terms and provisions of the
           Option Notices (which need not be identical) entered into in
           connection with Options granted under the Plan; and (10) make all
           other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the
           administration of the Plan. The Committee may delegate to one or
           more of its members or to one or more agents such administrative
           duties as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or any person to
           whom it has delegated duties as aforesaid may employ one or more
           persons to render advice with respect to any responsibility the
           Committee or such person may have under the Plan.

                                      4
<PAGE>

           Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations,
           determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with
           respect to the Plan or any Option or any documents evidencing any
           and all Options shall be within the sole discretion of the
           Committee, may be made at any time pursuant to the Plan and shall
           be final, conclusive, and binding upon all parties, including,
           without limitation, the Corporation, Affiliate, any Optionee, any
           holder or beneficiary of any Options, and any shareholder of the
           Corporation.

           The Board shall fill all vacancies, however caused, in the
           Committee. The Board may from time to time appoint additional
           members to the Committee, and may at any time remove one or more
           Committee members and substitute others. One member of the
           Committee may be selected by the Board as chairman. The Committee
           shall hold its meetings at such times and places, as it shall deem
           advisable. All determinations of the Committee shall be made by a
           majority of its members either present in person or participating
           by conference telephone at any meeting or by written consent. The
           Committee may appoint a secretary and make such rules and
           regulations for the conduct of its business as it shall deem
           advisable, and shall keep minutes of its meetings.

           No member of the Board or Committee shall be liable for any action
           taken or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan
           or any Option granted hereunder.

4.         Eligibility.

           Options may be granted (i) to employees (including, without
           limitation, (x) officers and directors who are employees and (y)
           any individual to whom a formal written offer of employment has
           been extended) and directors (who are not employees) of the
           Corporation, including its present or future divisions, and
           Subsidiary Corporations and Parent Corporations; (ii) to employees
           of an affiliated entity of the Corporation (an "Affiliated Entity")
           which is designated by the Board to participate in the Plan; and
           (iii) to independent contractors of the Corporation, including its
           present or future divisions, Subsidiary Corporations, Parent
           Corporations or Affiliated Entities. In determining the persons to
           whom Options shall be granted and the number of shares to be
           covered by each Option, the Committee shall take into account the
           duties of the respective persons, their present and potential
           contributions to the success of the Corporation and such other
           factors as the Committee shall deem relevant in connection with
           accomplishing the purpose of the Plan.

           An Optionee shall be eligible to receive more than one grant of an
           Option during the term of the Plan, but only on the terms and
           subject to the restrictions hereinafter set forth.

5.         Stock.

           The stock subject to Options hereunder shall be shares of Common
           Stock. Such shares may, in whole or in part, be authorized but
           unissued shares or shares that shall have been or that may be
           reacquired by the Corporation. The aggregate number of shares of
           Common Stock as to which Options may be granted from time to time
           under the Plan shall not exceed

                                      5
<PAGE>

           2,000,000, all of which may be the subject of Incentive Stock
           Options. The limitation established by the preceding sentence shall
           be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6(j) hereof. The
           aggregate number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which
           Options may be granted to any individual Optionee during the
           Corporation's fiscal year shall not exceed 500,000.

           In the event that any outstanding Option under the Plan for any
           reason expires or is canceled, surrendered, exchanged or otherwise
           terminated without having been exercised in full, the shares of
           Common Stock allocable to the unexercised portion of such Option
           shall (unless the Plan shall have been terminated) become available
           for subsequent grants of Options under the Plan. In addition, if
           any Option is exercised by tendering shares, either actually or by
           attestation, to the Corporation as full or partial payment of the
           exercise price, the maximum number of shares available under the
           Plan shall be increased by the number of shares so tendered.

6.         Terms and Conditions of Options.

           Each Option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by a
           written notice (an "Option Notice" ) from the Corporation to the
           Optionee, which Notice shall comply with and be subject to the
           following terms and conditions:

           (a)    NUMBER OF SHARES. Each Option Notice shall state the number
                  of shares of Common Stock to which the Option relates.

           (b)    TYPE OF OPTION. Each Option Notice shall specifically
                  identify the Option as either an Incentive Stock Option or a
                  Nonqualified Stock Option.

           (c)    OPTION PRICE. Each Option Notice shall state the Option
                  Price, which shall be determined by the Committee at the
                  time of grant; provided, however, that in the case of an
                  Incentive Stock Option, the Option Price shall in no event
                  be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
                  Stock at the time of grant. The Option Price shall be
                  subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6(j) hereof. An
                  Option shall be considered to be granted on the date
                  designated by the Committee in the resolution authorizing
                  the grant of such Option.

           (d)    MEDIUM AND TIME OF PAYMENT. Options may be exercised in
                  whole or in part at any time during the Option period by
                  giving written notice of exercise to the Corporation
                  specifying the number of shares to be purchased, accompanied
                  by payment of the purchase price. Payment of the purchase
                  price shall be made in such manner as the Committee may
                  provide in the Option Notice, which may include cash
                  (including cash equivalents, such as by certified or bank
                  check payable to the Corporation), delivery of unrestricted
                  shares of Common Stock that have been owned by the Optionee
                  or, as applicable, a permissible transferee (as provided in
                  Section 6(i)) for at least six months, by means of any
                  cashless exercise procedure approved by the Committee as
                  permitted by law (including the withholding of shares of

                                      6
<PAGE>

                  Common Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise), any other
                  manner determined by the Committee as permitted by law, or
                  any combination of the foregoing.

           (e)    TERM AND EXERCISE OF OPTIONS. Options shall be exercisable
                  over the exercise period as and at the times and upon the
                  conditions that the Committee may determine, as reflected in
                  the Option Notice; provided, however, that the Committee
                  shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of
                  any outstanding Option at such time and under such
                  circumstances as it, in its sole discretion, deems
                  appropriate; provided, further, that such exercise period of
                  a Nonqualified Stock Option shall not exceed eleven (11)
                  years from the date of grant of such option; provided,
                  further, that such exercise period of an Incentive Stock
                  Option shall not exceed ten (10) years from the date of
                  grant of such option. The exercise period shall be subject
                  to earlier termination as provided in Section 6(g) hereof.
                  An Option may be exercised, as to any or all full shares of
                  Common Stock as to which the Option has become exercisable,
                  by giving written notice of such exercise to the
                  Corporation's Stock Option Administrator or to such
                  individual(s) as the Committee may from time to time
                  designate.

           (f)    LIMITATIONS ON INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS. To the extent that
                  the aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Common Stock
                  with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
                  exercisable for the first time by an Optionee during any
                  calendar year under the Plan and any other stock option plan
                  of the Company shall exceed $100,000, such Options shall be
                  treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. Such Fair Market
                  Value shall be determined as of the date on which each such
                  Incentive Stock Option is granted. In applying the
                  limitation in the preceding two sentences in the case of
                  multiple Option grants, Options which were intended to be
                  Incentive Stock Options shall be treated as Nonqualified
                  Stock Options according to the order in which they were
                  granted such that the most recently granted Options are
                  first treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. No Incentive
                  Stock Option may be granted to an individual if, at the time
                  of the proposed grant, such individual owns (or is deemed to
                  own under the Code) stock possessing more than 10% of the
                  total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
                  Company unless (1) the Option Price of such Incentive Stock
                  Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of a share
                  of Common Stock at the time such Incentive Stock Option is
                  granted and (2) such Incentive Stock Option is not
                  exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date
                  such Incentive Stock Option is granted.

           (g)    TERMINATION. Except as provided in this Section 6(g) and in
                  Section 6(h) hereof or in the Option Notice, an Option may
                  not be exercised by the Optionee to whom it was granted or
                  by a transferee to whom such Option was transferred (as
                  provided in Section 6(i)) unless the Optionee is then in the
                  employ or service of the Corporation or a division or any
                  corporation which was, at the time of grant of such Option,
                  a Subsidiary Corporation or Parent Corporation thereof (or a
                  corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary Corporation of such
                  corporation issuing or assuming the Option in a corporate
                  transaction) or an Affiliated Entity, and unless the
                  Optionee has remained

                                      7
<PAGE>

                  continuously so employed or continuously performing such
                  service since the date of grant of the Option. Unless
                  otherwise provided in the Option Notice, in the event that
                  the employment or service of an Optionee shall terminate
                  (other than by reason of death, Disability or retirement),
                  all Options granted to such Optionee or transferred by such
                  Optionee (as provided in Section 6(i)) that are exercisable
                  at the time of such termination may, unless earlier
                  terminated in accordance with their terms, be exercised by
                  the Optionee or by a transferee within three (3) months
                  after such termination, but not beyond the expiration of the
                  term of the Option; provided, however, that if the
                  employment or service of an Optionee shall terminate for
                  Cause, all Options theretofore granted to such Optionee or
                  transferred by such Optionee (as provided in Section 6(h))
                  that are exercisable at the time of such termination shall,
                  to the extent not theretofore exercised, terminate. Nothing
                  in the Plan or in any Option Notice shall confer upon an
                  individual any right to continue in the employ or service of
                  the Corporation or any of its divisions, Parent or
                  Subsidiary Corporations or Affiliated Entities or interfere
                  in any way with the right of the Corporation or any such
                  division, Parent or Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliated
                  Entity to terminate such employment or service. The
                  Committee may, in an Option Notice or thereafter, provide
                  for additional periods to exercise Options following a
                  termination of an Optionee's employment or change in such
                  Optionee's status of employment arising by reason of the
                  sale of a Subsidiary Corporation or a division of the
                  Corporation or a Subsidiary Corporation.

           (h)    DEATH, DISABILITY OR RETIREMENT OF OPTIONEE. Unless
                  otherwise provided in the Option Notice, if an Optionee
                  shall die while employed by or performing services for the
                  Corporation or a division thereof or any corporation which
                  was, at the time of grant of such Option, a Subsidiary
                  Corporation or Parent Corporation thereof (or a corporation
                  or a Parent or Subsidiary Corporation of such corporation
                  issuing or assuming the Option in a corporate transaction)
                  or an Affiliated Entity, or within three (3) months after
                  the termination of such Optionee's employment or service,
                  other than for Cause, or if the Optionee's employment or
                  service shall terminate by reason of Disability or
                  retirement (as determined by the Committee in its sole
                  discretion), all Options theretofore granted to such
                  Optionee or transferred by such Optionee (as provided in
                  Section 6(i)), to the extent otherwise exercisable at the
                  time of death or termination of employment or service, may,
                  unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms, be
                  exercised by the Optionee or by the Optionee's estate or by
                  a person who acquired the right to exercise such Option by
                  bequest or inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death
                  or Disability of the Optionee, or by a transferee (as
                  provided in Section 6(i)), at any time within one year after
                  the date of death, Disability or retirement of the Optionee,
                  but not beyond the expiration of the term of the Option.

           (i)    NONTRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS. Unless otherwise provided in
                  the Option Notice and except as provided in this Section
                  6(i), any in any event in the case of an Incentive Stock
                  Option, no Option granted hereunder shall be transferable by
                  the Optionee to whom granted, other than by will or the laws
                  of descent and distribution,

                                      8
<PAGE>

                  and the Option may be exercised during the lifetime of such
                  Optionee only by the Optionee or such Optionee's guardian or
                  legal representative. To the extent the Option Notice so
                  provides, and subject to such conditions as the Committee
                  may prescribe, an Optionee may, upon providing written
                  notice to the General Counsel of the Corporation, elect to
                  transfer the Nonqualified Stock Options granted to such
                  Optionee pursuant to such agreement, without consideration
                  therefor, to members of his or her "immediate family" (as
                  defined below), to a trust or trusts maintained solely for
                  the benefit of the Optionee and/or the members of his or her
                  immediate family, or to a partnership or partnerships whose
                  only partners are the Optionee and/or the members of his or
                  her immediate family. Any purported assignment, alienation,
                  pledge, attachment, sale, transfer, or encumbrance that does
                  not qualify as a permissible transfer under this Section
                  6(i) shall be void and unenforceable against the Plan and
                  the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 6(i), the term
                  "immediate family" shall mean, with respect to a particular
                  Optionee, the Optionee's spouse, children or grandchildren,
                  and such other persons as may be determined by the
                  Committee. The terms of any such Option and the Plan shall
                  be binding upon a permissible transferee, and the
                  beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and
                  successors of the Optionee and, as applicable, a permissible
                  transferee.

           (j)    EFFECT OF CERTAIN CHANGES.

                  (1)      If there is any change in the number of shares of
                           Common Stock through the declaration of stock or
                           cash dividends, or recapitalization resulting in
                           stock splits or reverse stock splits, or
                           combinations or exchanges of such shares, or other
                           corporate actions or transactions affecting the
                           capitalization of the Corporation, the aggregate
                           number of shares of Common Stock available for
                           Options, the aggregate number of Options that may
                           be granted to any person in any calendar year, the
                           number of such shares covered by outstanding
                           Options, and the price per share of such Options
                           shall be proportionately adjusted by the Committee
                           to reflect any increase or decrease in the number
                           of issued shares of Common Stock so as to in the
                           Committee's judgment and sole discretion prevent
                           the diminution or enlargement of the benefits
                           intended by the Plan; provided, however, that any
                           fractional shares resulting from such adjustment
                           shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. In the
                           event of any other extraordinary corporate
                           transaction, including but not limited to
                           distributions of cash or other property to the
                           Corporation's shareholders, the Committee may
                           equitably adjust outstanding Options as it deems
                           appropriate.

                  (2)      Unless otherwise provided in an Option Notice, in
                           the event of the proposed dissolution or
                           liquidation of the Corporation, in the event of any
                           corporate separation or division, including, but
                           not limited to, split-up, split-off or spin-off, or
                           in the event of a merger or consolidation of the
                           Corporation with another corporation, the Committee
                           (1) may authorize the redemption of the unexercised
                           portion of the Option for a consideration per share
                           of Common Stock equal to the excess, if any, of (i)
                           the consideration payable per share of

                                      9
<PAGE>

                           Common Stock in connection which such transaction,
                           over (ii) the purchase price per share of Common
                           Stock subject to the Option (and any Option so
                           redeemed shall terminate upon the making of such
                           payment), (2) may provide that the holder of each
                           Option shall, prior to such action or transaction
                           (but conditioned upon the occurrence thereof), have
                           the right to exercise such Option (at its then
                           Option Price) or (3) may equitably adjust
                           outstanding Options in such other manner as it
                           deems appropriate.

                  (3)      Unless otherwise provided in an Option Notice, if
                           there is an "Acceleration Event" while unexercised
                           Options remain outstanding under the Plan then from
                           and after the date of the Acceleration Event (the
                           "Acceleration Date" ), all Options that have not
                           expired or terminated in accordance with the Plan
                           or the Option Notice shall be exercisable in full,
                           whether or not otherwise exercisable. Following the
                           Acceleration Date, the Committee shall, in the case
                           of a merger, consolidation or sale or disposition
                           of assets, promptly make an appropriate adjustment
                           to the number and class of shares of Common Stock
                           available for Options, and to the amount and kind
                           of shares or other securities or property
                           receivable upon exercise of any outstanding Options
                           after the effective date of such transaction, and
                           the price thereof.

                           An "Acceleration Event" shall be deemed to have
                           occurred if the event set forth in any one of the
                           following paragraphs shall have occurred; provided,
                           however, that the transactions effected by the Plan
                           of Reorganization shall in no event constitute an
                           Acceleration Event

                           (i)   Any Person is or becomes the Beneficial
                                 Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
                                 of the Corporation (not including in the
                                 securities beneficially owned by such Person
                                 any securities acquired directly from the
                                 Corporation) representing 30% or more of the
                                 combined voting power of the Corporation's
                                 then outstanding securities, excluding any
                                 Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in
                                 connection with a transaction described in
                                 clause (a) of Paragraph (iii) below; or

                           (ii)  the following individuals cease for any
                                 reason to constitute a majority of the number
                                 of directors then serving: individuals who,
                                 on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board,
                                 constitute the Board and any new director
                                 (other than a director whose initial
                                 assumption of office is in connection with an
                                 actual or threatened election contest,
                                 including but not limited to a consent
                                 solicitation, relating to the election of
                                 directors of the Corporation) whose
                                 appointment or election by the Board or
                                 nomination for election by the Corporation's
                                 stockholders was approved or recommended by a
                                 vote of at a majority of the directors then
                                 still in office who either were directors on
                                 the date

                                      10
<PAGE>

                                 hereof or whose appointment, election or
                                 nomination for election was previously so
                                 approved or recommended; or

                           (iii) there is consummated a merger or
                                 consolidation of the Corporation or any
                                 direct or indirect subsidiary of the
                                 Corporation with any other corporation, other
                                 than (a) a merger or consolidation which
                                 would result in the voting securities of the
                                 Corporation outstanding immediately prior to
                                 such merger or consolidation continuing to
                                 represent (either by remaining outstanding or
                                 by being converted into voting securities of
                                 the surviving entity or any parent thereof)
                                 at least 50% of the combined voting power of
                                 the securities of the Corporation or such
                                 surviving entity or any parent thereof
                                 outstanding immediately after such merger or
                                 consolidation, or (b) a merger or
                                 consolidation effected to implement a
                                 recapitalization of the Corporation (or
                                 similar transaction) in which no Person is or
                                 becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                                 indirectly, of securities of the Corporation
                                 (not including in the securities beneficially
                                 owned by such Person any securities acquired
                                 directly from the Corporation) representing
                                 30% or more of the combined voting power of
                                 the Corporation's then outstanding
                                 securities; or

                           (iv)  the stockholders of the Corporation approve a
                                 plan of complete liquidation or dissolution
                                 of the Corporation or there is consummated an
                                 agreement for the sale or disposition by the
                                 Corporation of all or substantially all of
                                 the Corporation's assets, other than a sale
                                 or disposition by the Corporation of all or
                                 substantially all of the Corporation's assets
                                 to an entity, at least 50% of the combined
                                 voting power of the voting securities of
                                 which are owned by the stockholders of the
                                 Corporation immediately prior to such sale.

                           Notwithstanding the foregoing, an "Acceleration
                           Event" shall not be deemed to have occurred by
                           virtue of the consummation of any transaction or
                           series of integrated transactions immediately
                           following which the record holders of the common
                           stock of the Corporation immediately prior to such
                           transaction or series of transactions continue to
                           have substantially the same proportionate ownership
                           in an entity which owns all or substantially all of
                           the assets of the Corporation immediately following
                           such transaction or series of transactions.

                  (4)      To the extent that the foregoing adjustments relate
                           to stock or securities of the Corporation, such
                           adjustments shall be made by the Committee, whose
                           determination in that respect shall be final,
                           binding and conclusive.

           (k)    RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER. An Optionee or a transferee of an
                  Option shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to
                  any shares covered by the Option until the date of the
                  issuance of a stock certificate to him for such shares. No
                  adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or
                  extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or

                                      11
<PAGE>

                  other property) or distribution of other rights for which
                  the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate
                  is issued, except as provided in Section 6(j) hereof.

           (l)    RIGHTS AS AN EMPLOYEE. Nothing in the Plan or in any
                  instrument executed pursuant to the Plan will confer upon
                  any Optionee any right to continue in the employ of the
                  Corporation or affect the right of the Corporation to
                  terminate the employment of any Optionee at any time with or
                  without cause.

           (m)    OTHER PROVISIONS. The Option Notices authorized under the
                  Plan shall contain such other provisions, including, without
                  limitation, the imposition of restrictions upon the exercise
                  of an Option or the transfer of shares of Common Stock
                  underlying an Option and the inclusion of any condition as
                  the Committee shall deem advisable.

7.         Agreement by Optionee Regarding Withholding Taxes.

           As a condition of exercise, each Optionee agrees that:

           (a)    no later than the date of exercise of any Option granted
                  hereunder, the Optionee will pay to the Corporation or make
                  arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment
                  of any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required or
                  permitted by law to be withheld upon the exercise of such
                  Option; and

           (b)    the Corporation shall, to the extent permitted or required
                  by law, have the right to deduct federal, state and local
                  and employment taxes of any kind permitted or required by
                  law to be withheld upon the exercise of such Option from any
                  payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionee.

           With the approval of the Committee, an Optionee may satisfy the
           foregoing requirement by electing to have the Corporation withhold
           from delivery shares of Common Stock or by delivering already owned
           unrestricted shares of Common Stock, in each case, having a value
           equal to the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld. Such
           shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date which
           the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. Fractional share
           amounts shall be settled in cash. Such an election may be made with
           respect to all or any portion of the shares to be delivered
           pursuant to an Option.

8.         Term of Plan.

           Options may be granted pursuant to the Plan from time to time
           within a period of ten (10) years from the date the Plan is adopted
           by the Board.

9.         Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

           The Committee at any time and from time to time may suspend,
           terminate, modify or amend the Plan. Except as provided in Section
           6 hereof, no suspension, termination, modification or amendment of
           the Plan may adversely affect any Option previously granted, unless
           the

                                      12
<PAGE>

           written consent of the Optionee or, as applicable, a permissible
           transferee (as provided in Section 6(i)) is obtained.

10.        Interpretation.

           The Plan is designed and intended, to the extent applicable, to
           comply with Rule 16b-3 and all provisions hereof and to satisfy the
           requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and any other applicable
           law and shall be construed in a manner to so comply.

11.        Effect of Headings.

           The section and subsection headings contained herein are for
           convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

12.        Governing Law.

           The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

13.        Effective Date of Plan.

           The effective date of the Plan is the date the Plan is adopted by
           the Board, subject to the approval of the Corporation's
           stockholders within twelve months before or after such date.


                                      13
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
