<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>imecexh10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.1


===============================================================================



                               PERFECT LINE, INC.



                                    $700,000


                   Secured Bridge Notes due December 31, 2003




                                ----------------
                      NOTE PURCHASE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


                                ----------------




                               Dated March 7, 2003






===============================================================================


<PAGE>

                               PERFECT LINE, INC.
                              5624 West 73rd Street
                             Indianapolis, IN 46278
                            Telephone: (317) 295-3500
                            Facsimile: (317) 298-8924



                   Secured Bridge Notes due December 31, 2003



                                                                 March 7, 2003

To Each of the Purchasers Listed in
the Attached Schedule A:

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Perfect Line, Inc., a corporation  organized under the laws of the State of
Indiana (the "Company"),  agrees with you as follows and Interactive Motorsports
and Entertainment Corp., a corporation  organized under the laws of the State of
Indiana (the "Parent Company") agrees as provided in Article 13:


ARTICLE 1. AUTHORIZATION OF ISSUANCE OF NOTES.

     The Company  has  authorized  the issue and sale of  $700,000 in  aggregate
principal  amount of its Secured  Bridge Notes due December 31, 2003 (such notes
being referred to herein as the "Notes").  The Notes shall be  substantially  in
the form set out in Exhibit 1, with such  changes  therefrom,  if any, as may be
approved by the Purchasers and the Company.  The Notes shall bear the legend set
forth on the form of Note set out in  Exhibit 1 and  shall  include  such  other
notations,  legends or endorsements as required by law. The terms and provisions
contained in the Notes shall  constitute,  and are hereby expressly made, a part
of this Agreement and,  accordingly,  the Company and the  Purchasers,  by their
execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement,  expressly  agree to such terms and
provisions and to be bound thereby.

ARTICLE 2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF NOTES.

     Subject to the terms and conditions of this  Agreement,  the Company agrees
to sell, and each Purchaser agrees,  severally but not jointly, to purchase from
the Company,  the aggregate  principal  amount of Notes set forth  opposite such
Purchaser's name in Schedule A at a purchase price per Note equal to 100% of the
principal  amount  thereof.  The  obligations  hereunder of each  Purchaser  are
several and not joint,  and each of the Purchasers  shall have no obligation and
no liability to any Person for the  performance or  nonperformance  hereunder by
any other Purchaser.

ARTICLE 3. CLOSING.

     The sale and purchase of the Notes  contemplated  hereby shall occur at the
offices of Leagre  Chandler & Millard  LLP,  1400 First  Indiana  Plaza,  135 N.
Pennsylvania  Street,  Indianapolis,  IN 46204 at 9:00 a.m. (ET), on the date of
this  Agreement  (the  "Closing") or on such other business day as may be agreed
upon by the Company and the Purchasers in writing.  At the Closing,  the Company
will  deliver  to each of the  Purchasers  the  Notes  to be  purchased  by such
Purchaser  in the form of a single  Note  dated  the  date of the  Closing  (the
"Closing  Date") and made payable to such  Purchaser,  against  delivery by such
Purchaser to the Company by wire transfer of immediately  available funds in the
amount of the purchase price.
<PAGE>

ARTICLE 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

     The  Company   represents  and  warrants  the  following  to  each  of  the
Purchasers, as of the date hereof:

     Section 4.1 Organization; Power and Authority. The Company is a corporation
validly  existing  under the laws of the State of  Indiana.  The Company has the
corporate  power and  authority  to own or hold under  lease the  properties  it
purports to own or hold under lease,  to transact the business it transacts,  to
execute and deliver this  Agreement and the Notes and to perform the  provisions
hereof and thereof.

     Section 4.2 Authorization, etc. This Agreement and the Notes have been duly
authorized by all  necessary  corporate  action on the part of the Company,  and
this Agreement  constitutes,  and upon execution and delivery  thereof each Note
will  constitute,   a  legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of  the  Company
enforceable  against the Company in  accordance  with its terms,  except as such
enforceability  may  be  limited  by  (a)  applicable  bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium or other similar laws  affecting the  enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and (b) general  principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     Section 4.3  Disclosure.  Schedule 4.3  identifies all reports filed by the
Parent Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange  Act"), for its last
fiscal year and all reports filed by it for subsequent  periods and events (such
reports, the "Parent SEC Reports").  The Parent SEC Reports (i) were prepared in
all material  respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may
be, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by
a filing prior to the date of this  Agreement,  then on the date of such filing)
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required  to be stated  therein  or  necessary  in order to make the  statements
therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were  made,  not
misleading.  Each of the consolidated financial statements  (including,  in each
case,  any related notes  thereto)  contained in the Parent SEC Reports has been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles applied on
a consistent  basis  throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto or in the Parent SEC Reports),  and each fairly presents in
all material respects the consolidated  financial position of the Parent Company
and its  subsidiaries  as at the respective  dates thereof and the  consolidated
results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated,  except that
the unaudited  interim  financial  statements  were or are subject to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not expected to be material
in amount.

     Except as  listed  in the  Schedule  4.3,  since the date of the  financial
statements  contained  in the most  recent  Parent SEC Report  there has been no
event or occurrence relating to the Parent Company or its subsidiaries which, in
the  reasonable  judgment of the  Company,  after  consultation  with the Parent
Company,  will be required to be disclosed in a Parent SEC Report on Form 8-K or
which  would  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Parent  Company  and its
subsidiaries  and which has not been  disclosed to the  Purchasers in a Schedule
hereto or in a Parent SEC Report on Form 8-K.
<PAGE>

     Section 4.4 Compliance with Laws,  Other  Instruments,  etc. The execution,
delivery and  performance  by the Company of this  Agreement  and the Notes will
not:

     (a)  violate,  result in any breach of, or constitute a default  under,  or
          result in the  creation of any lien in respect of any  property of the
          Company under,  (i) any indenture,  loan or credit  agreement to which
          the Company is bound or by which the Company or any of its  properties
          may be  bound,  (ii)  any  lease,  mortgage,  deed of  trust  or other
          agreement or  instrument to which the Company is bound or by which the
          Company or any of its  properties  may be bound,  in each case that is
          material in relation to the business, operations, financial condition,
          assets,  or properties of the Company and its subsidiaries  taken as a
          whole  ("Material") or (iii) the articles of  incorporation or by-laws
          of the Company;

     (b)  violate  or  result  in a breach of any of the  terms,  conditions  or
          provisions  of any order,  judgment,  decree,  or ruling of any court,
          arbitrator or Governmental  Authority (as defined in Section 4.5) that
          is applicable and Material to the Company; or

     (c)  violate any  provision of any statute or other rule or  regulation  of
          any  Governmental  Authority  that is  applicable  and Material to the
          Company.

     Section 4.5  Governmental  Authorizations,  etc.  No  consent,  approval or
authorization of, or registration,  filing or declaration with, any Governmental
Authority is required in connection with the execution,  delivery or performance
by the Company of this  Agreement or the Notes.  For purposes of this  Agreement
"Governmental  Authority"  means  the  government  of (a) the  United  States of
America  or any  state  or  other  political  subdivision  thereof,  or (b)  any
jurisdiction  in which the Company or any of its subsidiary  conducts all or any
part of its business,  or which asserts  jurisdiction over any properties of the
Company or any of its Subsidiary.

     Section  4.6  Private  Offering  by the  Company.  Assuming  the  truth and
correctness of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers set forth in
Article 5, the sale of the Notes hereunder is exempt from the  registration  and
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

     Section 4.7 Use of  Proceeds.  The Company  will apply the  proceeds of the
sale of the Notes in accordance with Schedule 4.7.

     Section  4.8  Satisfaction  of Prior Debt.  The debt and other  obligations
which constituted the consideration  supporting the Financing  Statement on Form
UCC-1  filed by Perfect  Line  Investments,  LLC with the Indiana  Secretary  of
State, on June 21, 2001, as filing number  200100003493113 and which purports to
place a lien on  certain  assets of  Perfect  Line,  LLC (a  predecessor  of the
Company),  have been satisfied in full and no further debt or obligation  exists
in favor of Perfect Line Investments, LLC.

ARTICLE 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE PURCHASERS

     Each Purchaser (as to itself only) represents and warrants the following to
the Company:
<PAGE>

     Section 5.1 Purchase for Investment. Such Purchaser is purchasing the Notes
and the Equity  Consideration  (as defined in Section 13.2)  (collectively,  the
Securities") to be purchased by it solely for its own account and not as nominee
or agent  for any other  person  and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in
connection with, any distribution  thereof (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) that would be in violation of the  securities  laws of the United States of
America or any state thereof,  without prejudice,  however,  to its right at all
times  to sell  or  otherwise  dispose  of all or any  part  of said  Securities
pursuant to a registration  statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and subject,
nevertheless,  to the  disposition of its property being at all times within its
control.

     Section  5.2  Accredited   Investor.   Such  Purchaser  is   knowledgeable,
sophisticated and experienced in business and financial matters.  Such Purchaser
acknowledges  that the Securities have not been registered  under the Securities
Act and understands  that the Securities must be held  indefinitely  unless they
are  subsequently  registered under the Securities Act or such sale is permitted
pursuant to an available  exemption from such  registration  requirement;  it is
able to bear  the  economic  risk of its  investment  in the  Securities  and is
presently  able  to  afford  the  complete  loss of  such  investment;  it is an
Accredited  Investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated by
the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission;  and it has been  afforded  access to
information  about  the  Company  and  its  financial   condition  and  business
sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment in the Securities.

     Section 5.3  Authorization.  Such Purchaser has taken all actions necessary
to authorize it (a) to execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations under
this Agreement,  (b) to perform all of its obligations  under the Securities and
(c) to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  thereby.  This
Agreement  is  a  legally  valid  and  binding   obligation  of  such  Purchaser
enforceable   against  it  in  accordance   with  its  terms,   except  as  such
enforceability  may  be  limited  by  (i)  applicable  bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium or other similar laws  affecting the  enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

     Section  5.4  Restricted  Securities.  Each  of  the  Purchasers  and  each
subsequent  holder of any Securities,  by its acceptance  thereof agrees that no
transfer or sale (including,  without limitation, by pledge or hypothecation) of
Securities by any holder of Securities which is otherwise  permitted  hereunder,
other than a transfer or sale to the Company,  shall be  effective,  unless such
transfer or sale is made:

     (a)  pursuant to an effective  registration  statement under the Securities
          Act and a valid  qualification  under  applicable  state securities or
          "blue sky" laws; or

     (b)  without  such  registration  or  qualification  as  a  result  of  the
          availability  of an  exemption  therefrom  and,  if  requested  by the
          Company,  counsel for such holder of Securities  shall have  furnished
          the Company with an opinion, satisfactory in form and substance to the
          Company,  to the effect that no such  registration is required because
          of the availability of an exemption from the registration requirements
          of the Securities Act.
<PAGE>

ARTICLE 6. PREPAYMENT OF THE NOTES

     Section 6.1 Optional  Prepayments.  The Company may, at its option,  prepay
the  principal  amount of the Notes,  in whole or in part,  at any time and from
time to time, without premium or penalty.

     Section 6.2 Allocation of Partial Prepayments.  In the case of each partial
prepayment of the Notes,  the principal  amount of the Notes to be prepaid shall
be allocated  among all of the Notes at the time  outstanding in proportion,  as
nearly as practicable,  to the respective  unpaid principal  amounts thereof not
theretofore prepaid.

     Section 6.3  Maturity;  Surrender,  etc. In the case of each  prepayment of
Notes  pursuant  to this  Article  6, the  principal  amount  of each Note to be
prepaid  shall  mature  and  become  due and  payable on the date fixed for such
prepayment,  together with  interest on such  principal  amount  accrued to such
date.  From and after  such  date,  unless  the  Company  shall fail to pay such
principal  amount  when so due and  payable,  together  with  the  interest,  as
aforesaid,  interest on such  principal  amount shall cease to accrue.  Any Note
paid or prepaid in full shall be  surrendered  to the Company and  cancelled and
shall  not be  reissued,  and no Note  shall be  issued  in lieu of any  prepaid
principal amount of any Note.

ARTICLE 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     An "Event of Default"  shall exist if any of the  following  conditions  or
events shall occur and be continuing:

     (a)  the Company defaults in the payment of principal, on any Note when the
          same becomes due and  payable,  whether at maturity or at a date fixed
          for prepayment or by declaration or otherwise; or

     (b)  the Company  defaults  in the payment of any  interest on any Note for
          more than 10 business days after the same becomes due and payable; or

     (c)  the Company defaults in the performance of or compliance with any term
          contained  herein (other than those  referred to in paragraphs (a) and
          (b) of this Article 7) and such default is not remedied within 60 days
          after  the  earlier  of (i)  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  or  Chief
          Financial  Officer obtaining actual knowledge of such default and (ii)
          the Company  receiving  written notice of such default from any holder
          of a Note (any such written  notice to be  identified  as a "notice of
          default" and to refer  specifically  to this  paragraph (c) of Article
          7); or

     (d)  any  representation  or  warranty  made by the Company in Article 4 or
          Section  9.2 of this  Agreement  proves  to  have  been  false  in any
          material   respect  on  the  Closing  Date  and  the  fact  that  such
          representation  or  warranty  was  false  on the  Closing  Date  could
          reasonably  be  expected  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the
          ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement
          and the Notes; or

     (e)  the Company  (i) files,  or  consents  by answer or  otherwise  to the
          filing  against it of, a  petition  for  relief or  reorganization  or
          arrangement or any other petition in bankruptcy, for liquidation or to
          take  advantage  of  any   bankruptcy,   insolvency,   reorganization,
          moratorium  or other  similar law of any  jurisdiction,  (ii) makes an
          assignment  for the benefit of its  creditors,  (iii)  consents to the
          appointment  of a custodian,  receiver,  trustee or other officer with
          similar  powers with respect to it or with respect to any  substantial
          part  of its  property,  (iv) is  adjudicated  as  insolvent  or to be
          liquidated,  or (v) takes  corporate  action for the purpose of any of
          the foregoing; or
<PAGE>

     (f)  a court or Governmental  Authority of competent jurisdiction enters an
          order  appointing,  without  consent  by  the  Company,  a  custodian,
          receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers with respect to
          it or  with  respect  to any  substantial  part  of its  property,  or
          constituting an order for relief or approving a petition for relief or
          reorganization  or any other petition in bankruptcy or for liquidation
          or to  take  advantage  of any  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  law of any
          jurisdiction,  or ordering the dissolution,  winding-up or liquidation
          of the  Company,  or any such  petition  shall be  filed  against  the
          Company and such petition shall not be dismissed within 60 days.

ARTICLE 8. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT, ETC.

     Section 8.1 Acceleration.

     (a)  If an Event of  Default  with  respect  to the  Company  described  in
          paragraph  (e) or (f) of  Article 7 has  occurred,  all the Notes then
          outstanding shall automatically become immediately due and payable.

     (b)  If any other  Event of Default has  occurred  and is  continuing,  any
          holder or holders of a majority  in  principal  amount of the Notes at
          the time outstanding may at any time at its or their option, by notice
          or notices to the Company,  declare all the Notes then  outstanding to
          be immediately due and payable.

     (c)  If any Event of Default described in paragraph (a) or (b) of Article 7
          has occurred and is continuing,  any holder or holders of Notes at the
          time outstanding affected by such Event of Default may at any time, at
          its or their option, by notice or notices to the Company,  declare all
          the Notes held by it or them to be immediately due and payable.

     Upon any Notes  becoming due and payable  under this  Section 8.1,  whether
automatically or by declaration, such Notes will forthwith mature and the entire
unpaid  principal  amount of such Notes,  plus all  accrued and unpaid  interest
thereon,  shall all be  immediately  due and  payable,  in each and  every  case
without presentment,  demand, protest or further notice, all of which are hereby
waived.

     Section 8.2  Security.  The  obligations  of the Company to the  Purchasers
under the Notes are secured by a grant of a security  interest in certain assets
of the  Company as more  fully set forth in  Article 9. As a result,  Purchasers
shall have the rights and remedies of a secured creditor with respect to certain
assets  as more  fully set  forth in  Article  9.  Additionally  and as  further
security  for the  Notes,  the  Parent  Company  will  guarantee  the  Company's
obligations under the Notes and this Agreement.

     Section 8.3 Other  Remedies.  Subject to certain  limitations  set forth in
Section  9.7(f) with  respect to the  exercise of remedies  with  respect to the
Collateral (as defined in Section 9.1), if any Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing,  and  irrespective  of whether any Notes have become or have been
declared  immediately  due and payable under Section 8.1, the holder of any Note
at the time  outstanding  may  proceed to protect and enforce the rights of such
holder  by an action at law,  suit in  equity or other  appropriate  proceeding,
whether for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or in any
Note,  or for an  injunction  against a violation  of any of the terms hereof or
thereof,  or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by
law or otherwise.
<PAGE>

     Section 8.4 Rescission.  At any time after any Notes have been declared due
and  payable  pursuant to clause (b) or (c) of Section  8.1,  the holders of not
less  than  a  majority  in  aggregate   principal  amount  of  the  Notes  then
outstanding,  by written  notice to the Company,  may rescind and annul any such
declaration and its consequences. No rescission and annulment under this Section
8.4 will extend to or affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right
consequent thereon.

     Section 8.5 No Waivers or Election of Remedies, Expenses, etc. No course of
dealing  and no delay on the part of any  holder of any Note in  exercising  any
right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise  prejudice
such holder's rights, powers or remedies. No right, power or remedy conferred by
this  Agreement or by any Note upon any holder thereof shall be exclusive of any
other right,  power or remedy  referred to herein or therein or now or hereafter
available at law, in equity,  by statute or  otherwise.  The Company will pay to
the holder of each Note on demand such further  amount as shall be sufficient to
cover  all  reasonable  costs  and  expenses  of  such  holder  incurred  in any
enforcement or collection under this Article 8, including,  without  limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees, expenses and disbursements.

ARTICLE 9. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST AND LICENSE TO USE SOFTWARE

     Section 9.1 Security  Interest in  Collateral.  As security for the payment
and  performance of all  obligations of the Company to the Purchasers  under the
Notes and this  Agreement  and all  modifications,  substitutions,  renewals and
extensions of any such obligations, together with interest at the rates provided
in the Notes and costs of collection and attorneys' fees and without relief from
valuation  and  appraisement  laws  (collectively,   the   "Liabilities"),   the
Purchasers  shall have, and the Company does hereby grant to the  Purchasers,  a
security interest in the following items of personal property (collectively, the
"Collateral"):

     (a)  The Company's  simulators  specified on Schedule  9.1(a),  whether now
          owned  or  hereafter   acquired,   specifically   including,   without
          limitation, improvements, accessories, attachments, and parts thereto;
          and

     (b)  All  products  and  proceeds  of each of the  foregoing,  specifically
          including,  without  limitation,  (i)  any  and  all  proceeds  of any
          insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to the Company from
          time to time, (ii) any and all payments of any form whatsoever made or
          due and payable to the Company  from time to time in  connection  with
          any requisition, confiscation,  condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of
          all or any part of the foregoing by any Governmental  Authority or any
          person or entity acting under color of Governmental  Authority,  (iii)
          to the extent of the value of  Collateral,  claims  arising out of the
          loss,  nonconformity,  or  interference  with the use of,  defects  or
          infringement of rights in, or damage to, the Collateral,  and (iv) any
          and all other  amounts  from time to time paid or payable  under or in
          connection with any of the foregoing, whether or not in lieu thereof.
<PAGE>

     Section 9.2  Representations and Warranties with respect to the Collateral.
The Company represents and warrants to the Purchasers that:

     (a)  The exact corporate name of the Company and its state of incorporation
          are each correctly stated in the preamble to this Agreement.

     (b)  All Collateral is lawfully owned by the Company, free and clear of any
          prior security interest,  pledge, sale, assignment,  transfer or other
          encumbrance other than Permitted  Encumbrances (as defined below); the
          Company has the unencumbered right to pledge, sell, assign or transfer
          the Collateral  subject to the Permitted  Encumbrances  and to subject
          the  Collateral  to the security  interest in favor of the  Purchasers
          herein;  except in respect of  Permitted  Encumbrances,  no  financing
          statement  covering all or any portion of the Collateral is on file in
          any  public  office  other  than in favor of the  Purchasers;  and the
          security interest herein constitutes a legal and valid, first priority
          security interest in the Collateral.

     (c)  Schedule  9.1(a) is a true and correct address for the location of the
          simulators that are subject to the security interest.

     (d)  For purposes of this Article 9, "Permitted Encumbrance" means

          (i)  liens for taxes and assessments or governmental charges or levies
               and liens securing  claims or demands of carriers,  warehousemen,
               mechanics,  material  men,  landlords,  repairmen  or other  like
               liens;

          (ii) other liens  incidental to the normal  conduct of the business of
               the Company or any  subsidiary  or the  ownership of its property
               which are not  incurred  in  connection  with the  incurrence  of
               indebtedness  and  which  do not,  in the  aggregate,  materially
               impair the use of such  property in the operation of the business
               of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or the value
               of such property for the purposes of such business; and

          (iii) liens securing the Notes.

     (e)  None of the  Collateral is attached to real estate so as to constitute
          a fixture.

     Section 9.3 Agreements Concerning Collateral.

     (a)  Except with prior written  notice to the  Purchasers,  the  simulators
          will be kept at the locations set forth on Schedule 9.1(a) hereto.

     (b)  The  Company  will  keep the  Collateral  in good  order  and  repair,
          ordinary  wear and tear  excepted,  and will not waste or destroy  the
          Collateral  or any  portion  thereof,  except in the case of  obsolete
          Collateral which is no longer used or useful in Company's business.

     (c)  Company may from time to time substitute Collateral, provided that the
          substituted Collateral is not subject to any lien or other encumbrance
          (other than  Permitted  Encumbrances)  and has a fair market  value at
          least  equal to the fair  market  of the  Collateral  for  which it is
          substituted.
<PAGE>

     (d)  The  Company  shall  not  permit  any item of  Collateral  to become a
          fixture  to real  estate or an  accession  to any other  property  not
          subject to the Purchasers'  security interest herein without the prior
          written consent of the Purchasers.

     Section 9.4 General Provisions Concerning Collateral.

     (a)  All Collateral  acquired after the date hereof will be acquired by the
          Company free of any lien,  security  interest or  encumbrance,  except
          Permitted Encumbrances.

     (b)  The Company agrees to do such  reasonable  acts and things and deliver
          or cause to be delivered  such other  documents as the  Purchasers may
          deem necessary to establish and maintain a valid security  interest in
          the  Collateral  (free of all other liens and claims except  Permitted
          Encumbrances)  to secure the payment and  performance of the Notes and
          to defend  title to the  Collateral  against any person  claiming  any
          interest therein adverse to the Purchasers. The Company authorizes the
          Purchasers,  at the  expense of the  Company,  to  execute  and file a
          financing  statement  or  statements  on its  behalf  in those  public
          offices deemed advisable or necessary by the Purchasers to protect the
          security interests of the Purchasers herein granted.

     Section 9.5 Insurance.

     (a)  The  Company  shall have and  maintain at all times,  with  respect to
          Collateral,   insurance   written  by  companies   acceptable  to  the
          Purchasers  covering risks  customarily  insured  against by companies
          engaged  in  business  similar to that of the  Company  in  reasonable
          amounts,  containing  such terms,  in such form,  and for such periods
          customarily  maintained  by companies  engaged in business  similar to
          that of the Company.  Such  insurance  shall be payable to the Company
          and the Purchasers as their interests may appear.

     (b)  All such  insurance  policies shall carry  standard,  non-contributory
          lender's  loss  payable  clauses  and  endorsements  in  favor  of the
          Purchasers.   The  insurance  certificates  evidencing  the  Company's
          compliance with the above shall be deposited with the Purchasers,  and
          in the event the Company  fails to file and maintain  such  insurance,
          the  Purchasers  may, at its option,  purchase such  insurance and the
          cost of such  insurance  shall  become a  Liability  secured  by these
          presents  and all sums  expended  shall bear  interest  at the rate of
          interest set forth in the Notes until paid.  The Company shall pay all
          insurance  premiums  promptly when due. The Company  hereby assigns to
          the Purchasers the proceeds of all such insurance,  including, without
          limitation,  any premium  refunds,  to the extent of the  Liabilities,
          shall  direct  the  insurer  to make  payment of any losses or refunds
          directly  to  the   Purchasers,   and  appoints  the   Purchasers  its
          attorney-in-fact  to endorse any draft, check or other form of payment
          made by such insurer.

     Section 9.6 Purchasers May Defend Title.  In the event the Company fails to
pay any taxes,  assessments,  premiums, or fees, or fails to discharge any liens
or claims  against  the  Collateral  required  to be paid or  discharged  by the
Company,  or fails  to  purchase,  maintain  and file  with the  Purchasers  any
insurance required by this Agreement,  or if any such insurance is inappropriate
to the situation, in the Purchasers's reasonable discretion, the Purchasers may,
without demand or notice, pay any such taxes, assessments,  premiums or fees, or
pay,  acquire,  satisfy or discharge  any liens or claims  asserted  against the
Collateral  (without any  obligation  to determine  the  validity  thereof),  or
purchase any such insurance. All sums so expended by the Purchasers shall become
a Liability  secured by these  presents  and shall bear  interest at the rate of
interest set forth in the Notes until paid.
<PAGE>

     Section 9.7 Remedies.

     (a)  Upon the  occurrence  and  during  the  continuation  of any  Event of
          Default and subject to  compliance  with  Section  9.7(f)  below,  the
          Purchasers  shall have,  in addition to all other rights and remedies,
          the remedies of a secured party under the Indiana  Uniform  Commercial
          Code  (regardless  of  whether  the  Code  has  been  enacted  in  the
          jurisdiction where rights or remedies are asserted) including, without
          limitation,  the right to take possession of the  Collateral,  and for
          that  purpose  the  Purchasers  may,  so far as the  Company  can give
          authority  therefor,  enter upon any premises on which the  Collateral
          may be situated and remove the same  therefrom.  The Purchasers  shall
          give to the  Company at least ten (10) days' prior  written  notice of
          the time and place of any  public  sale of  Collateral  or of the time
          after which any private sale or any other  intended  disposition is to
          be made.  The Company hereby  irrevocably  appoints the Purchasers and
          Purchasers'   designees   from  time  to  time  its  true  and  lawful
          attorneys-in-fact,  with full power of  substitution  in the  premises
          upon the occurrence and during the  continuance of an Event of Default
          (i) to demand, collect, receipt for, settle,  compromise,  adjust, sue
          for,  foreclose or realize upon the  Collateral  in such manner as the
          Purchasers may determine; and (ii) to do all things necessary to carry
          out this  Article  9 of the  Agreement.  Subject  to  compliance  with
          Section  9.7(f),  the Company hereby ratifies and approves all acts of
          such attorneys. Neither Purchasers nor any attorney will be liable for
          any acts or omissions nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact
          or law, absent gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct.  This
          power,  being  coupled  with an  interest,  is  irrevocable  until the
          Liabilities have been fully satisfied.

     (b)  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, Company waives demand,
          notice,  protest,  notice of acceptance of this  Agreement,  notice of
          loans made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered or other
          action taken in reliance  hereon and all other  demands and notices of
          any description.  With respect to both Liabilities and Collateral, the
          Company  assents  to any  extension  or  postponement  of the  time of
          payment or any other  indulgence,  to any substitution,  exchange,  or
          release  of  Collateral,  to the  addition  or release of any party or
          person primarily or secondarily  liable,  to the acceptance of partial
          payments  thereon and the settlement,  compromise or adjustment of any
          thereof,  all in  such  manner  and  at  such  time  or  times  as the
          Purchasers may deem advisable. The Purchasers shall have no duty as to
          the  collection  or  protection  of  the  Collateral,  or  any  income
          therefrom,  nor as to the preservation of rights against prior parties
          nor as the  preservation of any rights  pertaining  thereto beyond the
          safe custody  thereof.  The  Purchasers may exercise their rights with
          respect to Collateral  without resorting or regard to other Collateral
          or sources of  reimbursement  for any Liability.  The Purchasers shall
          not be  deemed  to have  waived  any of  these  rights  as to or under
          Liabilities or Collateral  unless such waiver be in writing and signed
          by the Purchasers.  No delay or omission on the part of the Purchasers
          in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any
          other right.  A waiver on any one occasion shall not be construed as a
          bar to the  exercise of any right on any future  occasion.  All rights
          and  remedies  of the  Purchasers  as to or under the  Liabilities  or
          Collateral  whether  evidenced  hereby or by any other  instrument  or
          papers shall be cumulative and may be exercised  singly,  successively
          or together.  The Purchasers may, from time to time, without notice to
          the Company (a) retain or obtain a security  interest in any  property
          of any other person,  in addition to the Collateral,  to secure any of
          the  Liabilities;  (b)  retain  or obtain  the  primary  or  secondary
          liability  of any party or parties,  in  addition to the Company  with
          respect to any of the Liabilities;  (c) extend or renew for any period
          (whether  or not  longer  than the  original  period)  or  release  or
          compromise  any  liability  of  any  party  or  parties  primarily  or
          secondarily  liable  to the  Purchasers  under the  Agreements  or the
          Notes;  (d)  release  its  security  interest  in any of the  property
          securing  any  of the  Liabilities  and  permit  any  substitution  or
          exchange  for any such  property;  and (e) subject to Section  9.7(f),
          resort to the  Collateral  for the  payment of any of the  Liabilities
          whether or not it shall have  resorted to any other  property or shall
          have proceeded  against any party primarily or secondarily  liable for
          any of the Liabilities.
<PAGE>

     (c)  The  Company  shall  pay to the  Purchasers  on  demand  any  and  all
          reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred or
          paid by the  Purchasers in protecting or enforcing its rights as to or
          under the Liabilities or the  Collateral.  After deducting all of such
          expenses,  the residue of any  proceeds of  collection  or sale of the
          Collateral shall be applied to the payment of principal or interest on
          Liabilities  in  such  order  of  preference  as  the  Purchasers  may
          determine,  proper  allowance for interest on Liabilities not then due
          being made,  and any excess shall be returned to the  Company.  To the
          extent that Company  makes a payment or payments to the  Purchasers or
          the Purchasers  enforces  their  security  interest and lien, and such
          payments or the Proceeds of such  enforcement  are set-off or any part
          thereof are  subsequently  invalidated,  declared to be  fraudulent or
          preferential,  set aside and/or  required to be repaid to a trustee or
          receiver or any other party under any insolvency law, state or federal
          law,  common  law or  equitable  cause,  then  to the  extent  of such
          recovery,  the  liability  or part thereof  originally  intended to be
          satisfied  shall be revived and  continued in full force and effect as
          if such payment had not been made or such  enforcement  or set-off had
          not occurred and shall be Liabilities  secured by the Collateral.  The
          Purchasers  may,  at any time or  times,  pay,  acquire,  satisfy,  or
          discharge any security interest,  lien,  encumbrance or claim asserted
          by any person against the  Collateral.  The  Purchasers  shall have no
          obligation  to determine  the validity  thereof.  All sums paid by the
          Purchasers  under the provisions of this paragraph and any existing or
          other charges  relating  thereto shall be repaid to the  Purchasers by
          Company on demand, shall be deemed an advance to the Company and shall
          bear interest at the rate of interest provided in the Notes.

     (d)  If,  at  any  time  after  payment  in  full  of all  Liabilities  and
          termination of the Purchasers's security interest, any payments on the
          Liabilities previously made by the Company or any other Person must be
          disgorged  by the  Purchasers  for any reason  whatsoever,  including,
          without  limitation,  the insolvency,  bankruptcy or reorganization of
          the  Company  or such  Person,  this  Agreement  and the  Purchasers's
          security  interests  herein shall be  reinstated  as to all  disgorged
          payments as though such  payments  had not been made,  and the Company
          shall sign and deliver to the Purchasers  all documents,  and shall do
          such other acts and things,  as may be  necessary  to  re-perfect  the
          Purchasers's security interest.

     (e)  The  Company,  on its own behalf and on behalf of its  successors  and
          assigns,  hereby  expressly  waives all  rights,  if any, to require a
          marshaling of assets by the Purchasers or to require the  Purchasers's
          first  resort  to  some  or  any  portion  of  the  Collateral  before
          foreclosing upon, selling or otherwise  realizing on any other portion
          thereof.

     (f)  Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.7 to the contrary no action
          may be taken by the  Purchasers  pursuant  to this  Article 9,  unless
          agreed to in writing by Purchasers holding a majority of the aggregate
          outstanding  principal amount of the Notes with a copy of such written
          agreement  delivered  to the  Company  prior to the taking of any such
          action.
<PAGE>

     Section 9.8 Grant of License to Use Software.

     (a)  The Company hereby grants each of the Purchasers a worldwide,  royalty
          free,  non-exclusive license to use the Company's proprietary software
          that is loaded into the  simulators  that  constitute  the  Collateral
          (collectively,  the "Software") in event the Purchasers exercise their
          rights as secured  creditors  of the  Company  pursuant to Section 9.7
          with respect to the  Collateral.  The Software may only be used by the
          Purchasers in  conjunction  with the  Collateral on which the Software
          has been loaded by the Company.  Purchaser  may not transfer or assign
          the  Software to any person  except in  connection  with a sale of the
          Collateral  pursuant to the exercise of their  remedies  under Section
          9.7,  and any person to whom the  Software  is assigned in that manner
          must enter into an agreement, as a condition to the transfer,  whereby
          they accept the terms of this License.  Each Purchaser  agrees that it
          shall not,  and shall not permit any person to alter,  modify or adapt
          the Software in any manner including, but not limited to, translating,
          decompiling,  disassembling or attempting to create  derivative works.
          Each  Purchaser  agrees  that it shall  not,  and shall not permit any
          other  person to,  attempt  to reverse  engineer  the  Software.  This
          license and a Purchaser's right to use the Software as provided herein
          automatically terminates if such Purchaser fails to comply with any of
          the foregoing provisions.

     (b)  The Company  retains all rights not  expressly  granted and nothing in
          this Section 9.9  constitutes a waiver of the  Company's  rights under
          the United States copyright laws or any other federal or state law.

     (c)  The  Software is licensed  to the  Purchasers  "AS IS" and the Company
          makes no warranty as to the functionality of the Software.

     (d)  In no event will the Company be liable for direct, indirect,  special,
          incidental  or  consequential  damages  arising  out of the use of, or
          inability to use, the Software,  even if advised of the possibility of
          such damages.

     (e)  All rights and licenses  granted under or pursuant to this Section 9.9
          by the Company to the Purchasers are, and shall otherwise be deemed to
          be, for the purposes of Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy
          Code (the  "Bankruptcy  Code"),  "licenses  or rights to  intellectual
          property" as defined under Section 101(52) of the Bankruptcy Code.
<PAGE>

ARTICLE 10. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT

     All  representations  and  warranties  contained  herein shall  survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, the purchase or transfer
by a  Purchaser  of any Note or portion  thereof  or  interest  therein  and the
payment of any Note, and may be relied upon by any subsequent  holder of a Note,
regardless  of any  investigation  made  at any  time  by or on  behalf  of such
Purchaser or any other holder of a Note. This Agreement and the Notes embody the
entire  agreement  and  understanding  between  the  Purchasers  listed  on  the
signature  page hereto,  the Company and the Parent  Company and  supersede  all
prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.

ARTICLE 11. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     Section 11.1 Requirements. This Agreement and the Notes may be amended, and
the  observance  of any  term  hereof  or of the  Notes  may be  waived  (either
retroactively or prospectively), with (and only with) the written consent of the
Company and the holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the
Notes,  except that no such amendment or waiver may, without the written consent
of the holder of each Note at the time outstanding affected thereby, (a) subject
to the provisions of Article 8 relating to  acceleration  or rescission,  change
the amount or time of any  prepayment  or payment of principal of, or reduce the
rate or change the time of payment or method of  computation  of interest on the
Notes,  or (b) change the  percentage of the  principal  amount of the Notes the
holders of which are required to consent to any such  amendment or waiver or (c)
amend Sections 7(a), 7(b), or Articles 8, 9 or 11.

     Section 11.2 Binding Effect,  etc. Any amendment or waiver  consented to as
provided  in this  Article  11 applies  equally  to all  holders of Notes and is
binding  upon them and upon each future  holder of any Note and upon the Company
without  regard to whether such Note has been marked to indicate such  amendment
or waiver.  No such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation,
covenant,  agreement, Event of Default not expressly amended or waived or impair
any right consequent  thereon.  No course of dealing between the Company and the
holder of any Note nor any delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any
Note shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any holder of such Note. As used
herein,  the term  "this  Agreement"  and  references  thereto  shall  mean this
Agreement as it may from time to time be amended or supplemented.

ARTICLE 12. NOTICES

     All notices and  communications  provided for hereunder shall be in writing
and sent (a) by hand  delivery,  or (b) by  telecopy,  or (c) by  registered  or
certified  mail with return receipt  requested  (postage  prepaid),  or (d) by a
recognized  overnight  delivery service (with charges prepaid).  Any such notice
must be sent:

     (i)  if to a  Purchaser,  to the  Purchaser  at the  address  specified  on
          Schedule  A, or at such  other  address  as the  Purchaser  shall have
          specified to the Company in writing,

     (ii) if to any other holder of any Note,  to such holder at such address as
          such other holder shall have specified to the Company in writing, or

     (iii)if to the  Company,  to the Company at its address set forth on page 1
          of this Agreement to the attention of Chief Financial  Officer,  or at
          such other address as the Company  shall have  specified to the holder
          of each Note in writing,  and in any event,  with a copy (which  shall
          not  constitute  notice) to Leagre  Chandler & Millard LLP, 1400 First
          Indiana Plaza, 135 N.  Pennsylvania  Street,  Indianapolis,  IN 46204,
          Attention: Jeffrey B. Bailey.
<PAGE>

         Notices delivered by personal delivery or telecopy will be deemed given
when actually received. Notices delivered by registered or certified mail shall
be deemed delivered four (4) business days after being sent. Notices delivered
by overnight delivery service shall be deemed delivered the next business day
after being sent.

ARTICLE 13. COVENANTS OF PARENT COMPANY AND WILLIAM R. DONALDSON

     Section 13.1 Guaranty. As additional  consideration to the Purchasers,  the
Parent Company agrees to execute each Note as a guarantor.

     Section 13.2 Equity Consideration. On each monthly anniversary of the Notes
and on December 31, 2003,  IMTS will reserve for the benefit of the Purchasers a
number of common  shares of Parent  Company  which have a market value (based on
the  weighted  average  price  for  Parent  Company's  common  shares on the OTC
Bulletin  Board during that period of one month) equal to 1% of the  outstanding
principal amount of the Notes (in the case of the December 31, 2003 payment, the
amount shall be prorated).  The common shares (the "Equity Consideration") shall
be issued at the earlier of December 31, 2003 or the payment of the Notes.

     Section  13.3  Information  Rights.  So long as the Note  issued  to Ropart
remains  outstanding,  unless otherwise  directed by Ropart,  the Parent Company
shall deliver to Ropart the following items:

     (a)  a copy of any management letters to the board of directors prepared by
          the Parent Company's independent accounting firm's;

     (b)  promptly upon receipt  thereof,  any  additional  reports,  management
          letters or other detailed information  concerning  significant aspects
          of the Parent Company's  operations or financial  affairs given to the
          Parent  Company  by its  independent  accountants  (and not  otherwise
          contained in other materials provided hereunder);

     (c)  promptly  (but in any event within five (5)  business  days) after the
          discovery  or  receipt  of notice of any  default  under any  material
          agreement to which the Parent Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a
          party or any other  material  adverse  change,  event or  circumstance
          affecting the Parent  Company or any  subsidiary  (including,  without
          limitation,  the filing of any material  litigation against the Parent
          Company or any  subsidiary  or the  existence  of any dispute with any
          person which involves a reasonable likelihood of such litigation being
          commenced); and

     (d)  within  ten  (10)  days  after  transmission  thereof,  copies  of all
          financial statements, proxy statements,  reports and any other general
          written   communications   which  the  Parent  Company  sends  to  its
          shareholders  and  copies  of  all  registration  statements  and  all
          regular,  special  or  periodic  reports  which it  files,  or (to its
          knowledge)  any of its officers or directors  file with respect to the
          Parent  Company,  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission or with
          any  securities  exchange  on  which  any of its  securities  are then
          listed,  and copies of all press  releases and other  statements  made
          available  generally  by the Parent  Company to the public  concerning
          material  developments in the Parent  Company's and its  subsidiaries'
          businesses.
<PAGE>

     Section 13.4 Access  Rights.  So long as the Note issued to Ropart  remains
outstanding,  the Parent Company shall permit any representatives  designated by
Ropart, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours to (i) visit and
inspect any of the properties of the Parent Company and its  subsidiaries,  (ii)
examine  the  corporate  and  financial  records of the Parent  Company  and its
subsidiaries and make copies thereof or extracts therefrom and (iii) discuss the
affairs, finances and accounts of any such entity with the directors,  officers,
and key employees of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries

     Section 13.5  Donaldson  Guaranty.  As additional  consideration  to Ropart
Asset Management  Fund, LLC ("Ropart") to loan the Company $500,000  pursuant to
this  Agreement,  William R.  Donaldson  agrees to  execute a personal  guaranty
substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

ARTICLE 14. SPECIAL COVENANTS RELATING ROPART'S PURCHASE

     Section 14.1  Confidentiality.  As a condition  precedent to being  granted
special   information  rights  with  respect  to  the  Parent  Company  and  its
subsidiaries  pursuant to Section  13.3 and access to managers of the  Company's
business  pursuant to Section 13.4,  Ropart agrees to execute and deliver to the
Company a Confidentiality Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C.

     Section 14.2 Agreement Not to Trade. As further  inducement to granting the
special rights under Section 13.3 and Section 13.4, Ropart agrees not to execute
any  market  trades in the  Parent  Company's  securities  so long as Ropart has
utilized,  within the preceding six months,  the rights provided in Section 13.4
and so long  thereafter as Ropart has  possession  of any nonpublic  information
without the prior written  consent of the Parent  Company.  Ropart  acknowledges
that  the  Parent  Company  will  consent  only if it  determines,  in its  sole
discretion,  that any  information in the possession of Ropart is not "material"
within the meaning of the federal securities laws.

ARTICLE 15. MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 15.1  Successors  and Assigns.  All covenants and other  agreements
contained in this  Agreement  by or on behalf of any of the parties  hereto bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective  successors and assigns (including,
without  limitation,  any  subsequent  holder of a Note) whether so expressed or
not.

     Section 15.2 Payments Due on Non-Business Days.  Anything in this Agreement
or the Notes to the  contrary  notwithstanding,  any payment of  principal of or
interest  on any Note that is due on a date other  than a business  day shall be
made on the next succeeding  business day without  including the additional days
elapsed in the  computation  of the  interest  payable  on such next  succeeding
business day.

     Section  15.3  Severability.  Any  provision  of  this  Agreement  that  is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction  shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such  prohibition  or  unenforceability  without
invalidating  the  remaining  provisions  hereof,  and any such  prohibition  or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law)
not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
<PAGE>

     Section  15.4  Construction.   Each  covenant  contained  herein  shall  be
construed  (absent  express  provision to the contrary) as being  independent of
each other covenant  contained  herein, so that compliance with any one covenant
shall  not  (absent  such an  express  contrary  provision)  be deemed to excuse
compliance with any other covenant.  Where any provision herein refers to action
to be taken by any person, or which such person is prohibited from taking,  such
provision  shall  be  applicable  whether  such  action  is  taken  directly  or
indirectly by such person.

     Section 15.5 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall
constitute one  instrument.  Each  counterpart may consist of a number of copies
hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties
hereto.

     Section 15.6 No Personal  Liability.  Except as provided in Section 13.5 of
this  Agreement  and as  specified  in Exhibit B attached  hereto,  no director,
officer,  employee,  incorporator,  member or  shareholder  of the Company,  the
Parent  Company or any subsidiary of the Company will have any liability for any
obligations of the Company,  the Parent Company or any subsidiary of the Company
under the Notes or this  Agreement  or for any claim based on, in respect of, or
by reason of,  such  obligations  or their  creation.  Each  holder of a Note by
accepting  such Note  waives and  releases  all such  liability.  The waiver and
release will be part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.

     Section  15.7  Governing  Law.  THIS  AGREEMENT,  THE NOTES AND ALL  ISSUES
HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER  SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH
THE INTERNAL  LAWS OF THE STATE OF INDIANA  (WITHOUT  REFERENCE TO PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICTS OF LAW).

                                    * * * * *


<PAGE>


     If you are in  agreement  with  the  foregoing,  please  sign  the  form of
agreement on the accompanying counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the
Company,  whereupon the foregoing shall become a binding  agreement  between you
and the Company.


                               Very truly yours,

                               PERFECT LINE, INC.


                               By: ____________________________
                                   William R. Donaldson
                                   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



                               INTERACTIVE MOTORSPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT CORP.


                               By: ____________________________
                                   William R. Donaldson
                                   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



                            CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT


STATE OF INDIANA  )
                  ) SS:
COUNTY OF MARION  )

     On this  ___ day of  March,  2003,  before  me,  the  undersigned  officer,
personally  appeared  William R.  Donaldson,  known  personally  to me to be the
Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  Officer  of  each  of the  above-named
corporations and acknowledged  that he, as an officer of each of the above-named
corporations  and being  authorized so to do, executed the foregoing  instrument
for  the  purposes  therein  contained,  by  signing  the  name  of  each of the
above-named  corporations  by himself  as an officer of each of the  above-named
corporation.



     Witness my hand and notarial seal this ____ day of March, 2003.

My Commission Expires:

------------------------------      ------------------------------------------
                                    Notary Public
My County of Residence:

------------------------------      ------------------------------------------
                                    Printed Name




<PAGE>


                           COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE



ROPART ASSET MANAGEMENT FUND, LLC


By :
    ----------------------------------------
         Manager



TAMPA BAY FINANCIAL, INC.


By:
   -----------------------------------------
         Carl L. Smith, Sr., Chairman of
         The Board and Chief Executive
         Officer




--------------------------------------------
William R. Donaldson




--------------------------------------------
Erik Risman



<PAGE>



                                OMITTED SCHEDULES



NUMBER                        DESCRIPTION
A                             Purchasers
4.3                           Parent Company SEC Reports
4.7                           Use of Proceeds
9.1(A)                        Location and Identification of Simulators




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
