<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex106.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE BETWEEN ICN & RIBAPHARM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.6

                                     [LOGO]

                   STANDARD MULTI-TENANT OFFICE LEASE - GROSS
                   AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION

1.   Basic Provisions ("Basic Provisions").

     1.1 Parties: This Lease ("Lease"), dated for reference purposes only April
8, 2002, is made by and between ICN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. ("Lessor") and
RIBAPHARM INC. ("Lessee"), (collectively the "Parties", or individually a
"Party").

     1.2(a) Premises: That certain portion of the Project (as defined below),
known as a portion of the 1st and, the entire 2nd floor(s), consisting of
approximately 62,440 rentable square feet                ("Premises"). The
                                          --------------
Premises are located at: 3300 Hyland Avenue, in the City of Costa Mesa, County
of Orange, State of California, with zip code 92626. In addition to Lessee's
rights to use and occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Lessee shall
have non-exclusive rights to the Common Areas (as defined in Paragraph 2.7
below) as hereinafter specified, but shall not have any rights to the roof, the
exterior walls, the area above the dropped ceilings, or the utility raceways of
the building containing the Premises ("Building") or to any other buildings in
the Project. The Premises, the Building, the Common Areas, the land upon which
they are located, along with all other buildings and improvements thereon, are
herein collectively referred to as the "Project." The Project consists of
approximately 176,577 rentable square feet. (See also Paragraph 2)

     1.2(b) Parking: (See Paragraph 2.6)

     1.3 Term: Five (5) years and 0 months ("Original Term") commencing Closing
Date of IPO as defined in Paragraph 58 ("Commencement Date") and ending May 31,
2007 ("Expiration Date"). (See also Paragraph 3)

     1.4 Early Possession: N/A ("Early Possession Date"). (See also Paragraphs
3.2 and 3.3)

     1.5 Base Rent: $416,666.67 per month ("Base Rent)", payable on the First
(1st) day of each month commencing May 1, 2002. (See also Paragraph 4)

[X] If this box is checked, there are provisions in this Lease for the Base Rent
to be adjusted.

     1.6 Lessee's Share of Operating Expense Increase: Thirty five and 36/100
percent (35.36%) ("Lessee's Share"). Lessee's Share has been calculated by
dividing the approximate rentable square footage of the Premises by the total
approximate square footage of the rentable space contained in the Project and
shall not be subject to revision except in connection with an actual change in
the size of the Premises or a change in the space available for lease in the
Project.

     1.7 Base Rent and Other Monies Paid Upon Execution:

          (a)  Base Rent: $416,666.67 for the period May 1, 2002 through May
               31, 2002.

          (b)  Security Deposit: $N/A ("Security Deposit"). (See also Paragraph
               5)

          (c)  Parking: $N/A for the period                                    .
                                            -----------------------------------

          (d)  Other: $N/A for                                                 .
                               ------------------------------------------------

          (e)  Total Due Upon Execution of this Lease: $416,666.67.

     1.8 Agreed Use: Office and laboratory (See also Paragraph 6)

     1.9 Base Year; Insuring Party. The Base Year is N/A. Lessor is the
"Insuring Party". (See also Paragraphs 4.2 and 8)

     1.10 Real Estate Brokers: (See also Paragraph 15)

          (a)  Representation: The following real estate brokers ( the
               "Brokers") and brokerage relationships exist in this transaction
               (check applicable boxes):

[ ] N/A  represents Lessor exclusively ("Lessor's Broker"):

[ ] N/A represents Lessee exclusively ("Lessee's Broker"); or


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 1 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>


[ ] N/A represents both Lessor and Lessee ("Dual Agency").

          (b) Payment to Brokers: Upon execution and delivery of this Lease by
both Parties, Lessor shall pay to the Brokers the brokerage fee agreed to in a
separate written agreement (or if there is no such agreement, the sum of N/A or
N/A % of the total Base Rent for the brokerage services rendered by the
Brokers).

     1.11 Guarantor. The obligations of the Lessee under this Lease shall be
guaranteed by N/A ("Guarantor"). (See also Paragraph 37)

     1.12 Business Hours for the Building:: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Mondays
through Fridays (except Building Holidays) and N/A a.m. to N/A p.m. on Saturdays
(except Building Holidays). "Building Holidays" shall mean the dates of
observation of New Year's Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day,
Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, and                                .
                                                -------------------------------

     1.13 Lessor Supplied Services. Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph
11.1, Lessor is NOT obligated to provide the following:

[ ]  Janitorial services

[ ]  Electricity

[ ] Other (specify):
                    ------------------------------------------------------------

1.14 Attachments. Attached hereto are the following, all of which constitute a
part of this Lease:

[X] an Addendum consisting of Paragraphs 51 through 58;

[X] a plot plan depicting the Premises;

[ ] a current set of the Rules and Regulations;

[ ] a Work Letter;

[ ] a janitorial schedule;

[ ] other (specify):
                    ------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.   Premises.

     2.1 Letting. Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from
Lessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon all of the terms,
covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. Unless otherwise provided
herein, any statement of size set forth in this Lease, or that may have been
used in calculating Rent, is an approximation which the Parties agree is
reasonable and any payments based thereon are not subject to revision whether or
not the actual size is more or less. Note: Lessee is advised to verify the
actual size prior to executing this Lease.

     2.2 Condition. Lessor shall deliver the Premises to Lessee in a clean
condition on the Commencement Date or the Early Possession Date, whichever first
occurs ("Start Date"), and warrants that the existing electrical, plumbing, fire
sprinkler, lighting, heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems ("HVAC"),
and all other items which the Lessor is obligated to construct pursuant to the
Work Letter attached hereto, if any, other than those constructed by Lessee,
shall be in good operating condition on said date.

     2.3 Compliance. Lessor warrants that the improvements comprising the
Premises and the Common Areas comply with the building codes that were in effect
at the time that each such improvement, or portion thereof, was constructed, and
also with all applicable laws, covenants or restrictions of record, regulations,
and ordinances ("Applicable Requirements") in effect on the Start Date. Said
warranty does not apply to the use to which Lessee will put the Premises,
modifications which may be required by the Americans with Disabilities Act or
any similar laws as a result of Lessee's use (see Paragraph 50), or to any
Alterations or Utility Installations (as defined in Paragraph 7.3(a)) made or to
be made by Lessee. NOTE: Lessee is responsible for determining whether or not
the zoning and other Applicable Requirements are appropriate for Lessee's
intended use, and acknowledges that past uses of the Premises may no longer be
allowed. If the Premises do not comply with said warranty, Lessor shall, except
as otherwise provided, promptly after receipt of written notice from Lessee
setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance,
rectify the same. If the Applicable Requirements are hereafter changed so as to
require during the term of this Lease the construction of an addition to or an
alteration of the Premises, the remediation of any Hazardous Substance, or the
reinforcement or other physical modification of the Premises ("Capital
Expenditure"), Lessor and Lessee shall allocate the cost of such work as
follows:

          (a) Subject to Paragraph 2.3(c) below, if such Capital Expenditures
are required as a result of the specific and unique use of the Premises by
Lessee as compared with uses by tenants in general, Lessee shall be fully
responsible for the cost thereof, provided, however that if such Capital
Expenditure is required during the last 2 years of this Lease and the cost
thereof exceeds 6 months' Base Rent, Lessee may instead terminate this Lease
unless Lessor notifies Lessee, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of
Lessee's termination notice that Lessor has elected to pay the difference
between the actual cost thereof and the amount equal to 6 months' Base Rent. If
Lessee elects termination, Lessee shall immediately cease the use of the
Premises which requires such Capital Expenditure and deliver to Lessor written
notice specifying a termination date at least 90 days thereafter. Such
termination date shall, however, in no event be earlier than the last day that
Lessee could legally utilize the Premises without commencing such Capital
Expenditure.

          (b) If such Capital Expenditure is not the result of the specific and
unique use of the Premises by Lessee (such as, governmentally mandated seismic
modifications), then Lessor and Lessee shall allocate the cost of such Capital
Expenditure as follows: Lessor shall advance the funds necessary for such
Capital Expenditure but Lessee shall be obligated to pay, each month during the
remainder of the term of this Lease, on the date on which Base Rent is due, an
amount equal to the product of multiplying Lessee's share of the cost of such
Capital Expenditure (the percentage specified in Paragraph 1.6 by a fraction,
the numerator of which is one, and the denominator of which is 144 (ie. 1/144th
of the cost per month). Lessee shall pay interest on the unamortized balance of
Lessee's share at a rate that is commercially reasonable in the judgment of
Lessor's accountants. Lessee may, however, prepay its obligation at any time.
Provided, however, that if such Capital Expenditure is required during the last
2 years of this Lease or if Lessor reasonably determines that is not
economically feasible to pay its share thereof, Lessor shall have the option to
terminate this Lease upon 90 days prior written notice to Lessee unless Lessee
notifies Lessor, in writing, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor's
termination notice that Lessee will pay for such Capital Expenditure. If Lessor
does not elect to terminate, and fails to tender its share of any such Capital
Expenditure, Lessee may advance such funds and deduct same, with Interest, from
Rent until Lessor's share of such costs have been fully paid. If Lessee is
unable to finance Lessor's share, or if the balance of the Rent due and payable
for the remainder of this Lease is not sufficient to fully reimburse Lessee on
an offset basis, Lessee shall have the right to terminate this Lease upon 30
days written notice to Lessor.

          (c) Notwithstanding the above, the provisions concerning Capital
Expenditures are intended to apply only to nonvoluntary, unexpected, and new
Applicable Requirements. If the Capital Expenditures are instead triggered by
Lessee as a result of an actual or proposed change in use, change in intensity
of use, or modification to the Premises then, and in that event, Lessee shall be
fully responsible for the cost thereof, and Lessee shall not have any right to
terminate this Lease.

     2.4 Acknowledgements. Lessee acknowledges that: (a) Lessee has been advised
by Lessor and/or Brokers to satisfy itself with respect to the condition of the
Premises (including but not limited to the electrical, HVAC and fire sprinkler
systems, security, environmental aspects, and compliance with Applicable
Requirements), and their suitability for Lessee's intended use, (b) Lessee has
made such investigation as it deems necessary with reference to such


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 2 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

matters and assumes all responsibility therefor as the same relate to its
occupancy of the Premises, and (c) neither Lessor, Lessor's agents, nor Brokers
have made any oral or written representations or warranties with respect to said
matters other than as set forth in this Lease. In addition, Lessor acknowledges
that (1) Brokers have made no representations, promises or warranties concerning
Lessee's ability to honor the Lease or suitability to occupy the Premises, and
(ii) it is Lessor's sole responsibility to investigate the financial capability
and/or suitability of all proposed tenants.

     2.5 Lessee as Prior Owner/Occupant. The warranties made by Lessor in
Paragraph 2 shall be of no force or effect if immediately prior to the Start
Date, Lessee was the owner or occupant of the Premises. In such event, Lessee
shall be responsible for any necessary corrective work.

     2.6 Vehicle Parking. So long as Lessee is not in default, and subject to
the Rules and Regulations attached hereto, and as established by Lessor from
time to time, Lessee shall be entitled to use parking spaces WITHOUT CHARGE.

          (a) If Lessee commits, permits or allows any of the prohibited
activities described in the Lease or the rules then in effect, then Lessor shall
have the right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies
that it may have, to remove or tow away the vehicle involved and charge the cost
to Lessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

          (b) The monthly rent per parking space specified in Paragraph 1.2(b)
is subject to change upon 30 days prior written notice to Lessee. The rent for
the parking is payable one month in advance prior to the first day of each
calendar month.

     2.7 Common Areas - Definition. The term "Common Areas" is defined as all
areas and facilities outside the Premises and within the exterior boundary line
of the Project and interior utility raceways and installations within the
Premises that are provided and designated by the Lessor from time to time for
the general nonexclusive use of Lessor, Lessee and other tenants of the Project
and their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and
invitees, including, but not limited to, common entrances, lobbies, corridors,
stairwells, public restrooms, elevators, parking areas, loading and unloading
areas, trash areas, roadways, walkways, driveways and landscaped areas.

     2.8 Common Areas - Lessee's Rights. Lessor grants to Lessee, for the
benefit of Lessee and its employees, suppliers, shippers, contractors, customers
and invitees, during the term of this Lease, the nonexclusive right to use, in
common with others entitled to such use, the Common Areas as they exist from
time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges reserved by Lessor
under the terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations or
restrictions governing the use of the Project. Under no circumstances shall the
right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed to include the right to
store any property, temporarily or permanently, in the Common Areas. Any such
storage shall be permitted only by the prior written consent of Lessor or
Lessor's designated agent, which consent may be revoked at any time. In the
event that any unauthorized storage shall occur then Lessor shall have the
right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may
have, to remove the property and charge the cost to Lessee, which cost shall be
immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

     2.9 Common Areas - Rules and Regulations. Lessor or such other person(s) as
Lessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and management of the Common
Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to adopt, modify, amend and
enforce reasonable rules and regulations ("Rules and Regulations") for the
management, safety, care, and cleanliness of the grounds, the parking and
unloading of vehicles and the preservation of good order, as well as for the
convenience of other occupants or tenants of the Building and the Project and
their invitees. The Lessee agrees to abide by and conform to all such Rules and
Regulations, and to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers, customers,
contractors and invitees to so abide and conform. Lessor shall not be
responsible to Lessee for the noncompliance with said Rules and Regulations by
other tenants of the Project.

     2.10 Common Areas - Changes. Lessor shall have the right, in Lessor's sole
discretion, from time to time:

          (a) To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without
limitation, changes in the location, size, shape and number of the lobbies,
windows, stairways, air shafts, elevators, escalators, restrooms, driveways,
entrances, parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress,
egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and utility raceways;

          (b) To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance
purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available;

          (c) To designate other land outside the boundaries of the Project to
be a part of the Common Areas;

          (d) To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common Areas;

          (e) To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional
improvements, repairs or alterations to the Project, or any portion thereof; and

          (f) To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in,
to or with respect to the Common Areas and Project as Lessor may, in the
exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate.

3. Term.

     3.1 Term. The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of this
Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3.

     3.2 Early Possession. If Lessee totally or partially occupies the Premises
prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay Base Rent shall be abated
for the period of such early possession. All other terms of this Lease
(including but not limited to the obligations to pay Lessee's Share of the
Operating Expense) shall, however, be in effect during such period. Any such
early possession shall not affect the Expiration Date.

     3.3 Delay In Possession. Lessor agrees to use its best commercially
reasonable efforts to deliver possession of the Premises to Lessee by the
Commencement Date. If, despite said efforts, Lessor is unable to deliver
possession by such date, Lessor shall not be subject to any liability therefor,
nor shall such failure affect the validity of this Lease. Lessee shall not,
however, be obligated to pay Rent or perform its other obligations until Lessor
delivers possession of the Premises and any period of rent abatement that Lessee
would otherwise have enjoyed shall run from the date of delivery of possession
and continue for a period equal to what Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed
under the terms hereof, but minus any days of delay caused by the acts or
omissions of Lessee. If possession is not delivered within 60 days after the
Commencement Date, as the same may be extended under the terms of any Work
Letter executed by Parties, Lessee may, at its option, by notice in writing
within 10 days after the end of such 60 day period, cancel this Lease, in which
event the Parties shall be discharged from all obligations hereunder. If such
written notice is not received by Lessor within said 10 day period, Lessee's
right to cancel shall terminate. If possession of the Premises is not delivered
within 120 days after the Commencement Date, this Lease shall terminate unless
other agreements are reached between Lessor and Lessee, in writing.

     3.4 Lessee Compliance. Lessor shall not be required to deliver possession
of the Premises to Lessee until Lessee complies with its obligation to provide
evidence of insurance (Paragraph 8.5). Pending delivery of such evidence, Lessee
shall be required to perform all of its obligations under this Lease from and
after the Start Date, including the payment of Rent, notwithstanding Lessor's
election to withhold possession pending receipt of such evidence of insurance.
Further, if Lessee is required to perform any other conditions prior to or
concurrent with the Start Date, the Start Date shall occur but Lessor may elect
to withhold possession until such conditions are satisfied.

4. Rent.

     4.1. Rent Defined. All monetary obligations of Lessee to Lessor under the
terms of this Lease (except for the Security Deposit) are deemed to be rent
("Rent").

     4.2 Operating Expense. Lessee shall pay to Lessor during the term hereof,
in addition to the Base Rent, Lessee's Share of all Operating Expenses for each
Year, in accordance with the following provisions:


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 3 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

          (c) "Operating Expenses" include all costs incurred by Lessor relating
to the ownership and operation of the Project, calculated as if the Project was
at least 95% occupied, including, but not limited to, the following:

               (i) The operation, repair, and maintenance in neat, clean, safe,
good order and condition, but not the replacement (see paragraph (g)), of the
following:

                    (aa) The Common Areas, including their surfaces, coverings,
decorative items, carpets, drapes and window coverings, and including parking
areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, sidewalks, walkways,
stairways, parkways, driveways, landscaped areas, striping, bumpers, irrigation
systems, Common Area lighting facilities, building exteriors and roofs, fences
and gates;

                    (bb) All heating, air conditioning, plumbing, electrical
systems, life safety equipment, communication systems and other equipment used
in common by, or for the benefit of, lessees or occupants of the Project,
including elevators and escalators, tenant directories, fire detection systems
including sprinkler system maintenance and repair.

               (ii) Trash disposal, janitorial and security services, pest
control services, and the costs of any environmental inspections;

               (iii) Any other service to be provided by Lessor that is
elsewhere in this Lease stated to be an "Operating Expense";

               (iv) The cost of the premiums for the insurance policies
maintained by Lessor pursuant to paragraph 8 and any deductible portion of an
insured loss concerning the Building or the Common Areas;

               (v) The amount of the Real Property Taxes payable by Lessor
pursuant to paragraph 10;

               (vi) The cost of water, sewer, gas, electricity, and other
publicly mandated services not separately metered;

               (vii) Labor, salaries, and applicable fringe benefits and costs,
materials, supplies and tools, used in maintaining and/or cleaning the Project
and accounting and management fees attributable to the operation of the Project;

               (viii) The cost of any Capital Expenditure to the Building or the
Project not covered under the provisions of Paragraph 2.3 provided; however,
that Lessor shall allocate the cost of any such Capital Expenditure over a 12
year period and Lessee shall not be required to pay more than Lessee's Share of
1/144th of the cost of such Capital Expenditure in any given month;

               (ix) Replacement of equipment or improvements that have a useful
life for accounting purposes of 5 years or less.

          (d) Any item of Operating Expense that is specifically attributable to
the Premises, the Building or to any other building in the Project or to the
operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be allocated entirely to such
Premises, Building, or other building. However, any such item that is not
specifically attributable to the Building or to any other building or to the
operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall be equitably allocated by
Lessor to all buildings in the Project.

          (e) The inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set
forth in Subparagraph 4.2(c) shall not be deemed to impose an obligation upon
Lessor to either have said improvements or facilities or to provide those
services unless the Project already has the same, Lessor already provides the
services, or Lessor has agreed elsewhere in this Lease to provide the same or
some of them.

          (f) Lessee's Share of Operating Expense shall be payable by Lessee
within 10 days after a reasonably detailed statement of actual expenses is
presented to Lessee by Lessor. At Lessor's option, however, an amount may be
estimated by Lessor from time to time in advance of Lessee's Share of the
Operating Expense any Year, and the same shall be payable monthly during each
Year of the Lease term, on the same day as the Base Rent is due hereunder. In
the event that Lessee pays Lessor's estimate of Lessee's Share of Operating
Expense as aforesaid, Lessor shall deliver to Lessee within 60 days after the
expiration of each Year a reasonably detailed statement showing Lessee's Share
of the actual Operating Expense incurred during such year. If Lessee's payments
under this paragraph (f) during said Comparison Year exceed Lessee's Share as
indicated on said statement, Lessee shall be entitled to credit the amount of
such overpayment against Lessee's Share of Operating Expense next falling ______
If Lessee's payments under this paragraph during said Year were less than
Lessee's Share as indicated on said statement, Lessee shall pay to Lessor the
amount of the deficiency within 10 days after delivery by Lessor to Lessee of
said statement. Lessor and Lessee shall forthwith adjust between them by cash
payment any balance determined to exist with respect to that portion of the last
Year for which Lessee is responsible as to Operating Expense, notwithstanding
that the Lease term may have terminated before the end of such Year.

          (g) Operating Expenses shall not include the costs of replacement for
equipment or capital components such as the roof, foundations, exterior walls or
a Common Area capital improvement, such as the parking lot paving, elevators,
fences that have a useful life for accounting purposes of 5 years or more unless
it is of the type described in paragraph 4.2(c) (viii), in which case their cost
shall be included as above provided.

          (h) Operating Expenses shall not include any expenses paid by any
tenant directly to third parties, or as to which Lessor is otherwise reimbursed
by any third party, other tenant, or by insurance proceeds.

     4.3 Payment. Lessee shall cause payment of Rent to be received by Lessor in
lawful money of the United States on or before the day on which it is due,
without offset or deduction (except as specifically permitted in this Lease).
Rent for any period during the term hereof which is for less than one full
calendar month shall be prorated based upon the actual number of days of said
month. Payment of Rent shall be made to Lessor at its address stated herein or
to such other persons or place as Lessor may from time to time designate in
writing. Acceptance of a payment which is less than the amount then due shall
not be a waiver of Lessor's rights to the balance of such Rent, regardless of
Lessor's endorsement of any check so stating. In the event that any check,
draft, or other instrument of payment given by Lessee to Lessor is dishonored
for any reason, Lessee agrees to pay to Lessor the sum of $25 in addition to any
Late Charge. Payments will be applied first to accrued late charges and
attorney's fees, second to accrued interest, then to Base Rent and Operating
Expense, and any remaining amount to any other outstanding charges or costs. See
Paragraph 53 of Addendum attached hereto and made a part hereof.

5. Security Deposit. Lessee shall deposit with Lessor upon execution hereof the
Security Deposit as security for Lessee's faithful performance of its
obligations under this Lease. If Lessee fails to pay Rent, or otherwise Defaults
under this Lease, Lessor may use, apply or retain all or any portion of said
Security Deposit for the payment of any amount due Lessor or to reimburse or
compensate Lessor for any liability, expense, loss or damage which Lessor may
suffer or incur by reason thereof. If Lessor uses or applies all or any portion
of the Security Deposit, Lessee shall within 10 days after written request
therefor, deposit monies with Lessor sufficient to restore said Security Deposit
to the full amount required by this Lease. If the Base Rent increases during the
term of this Lease, Lessee shall, upon written request from Lessor, deposit
additional moneys with Lessor so that the total amount of the Security Deposit
shall at all times bear the same proportion to the increased Base Rent as the
initial Security Deposit bore to the initial Base Rent. Should the Agreed Use be
amended to accommodate a material change in the business of Lessee or to
accommodate a sublessee or assignee, Lessor shall have the right to increase the
Security Deposit to the extent necessary, in Lessor's reasonable judgment, to
account for any increased wear and tear that the Premises may suffer as a result
thereof. If a change in control of Lessee occurs during this Lease and following
such change the financial condition of Lessee is, in Lessor's reasonable
judgment, significantly reduced, Lessee shall deposit such additional monies
with Lessor as shall be sufficient to cause the Security Deposit to be at a
commercially reasonable level based on such change in financial condition.
Lessor shall not be required to keep the Security Deposit separate from its
general accounts. Within 14 days after the expiration or termination of this
Lease, if Lessor elects to apply the Security Deposit only to unpaid Rent, and
otherwise within 30 days after the Premises have been vacated pursuant to
Paragraph 7.4(c) below, Lessor shall return that portion of the Security Deposit
not used or applied by Lessor. No part of the Security Deposit shall be
considered to be held in trust, to bear interest or to be prepayment for any
monies to be paid by Lessee under this Lease.

6.   Use.

     6.1 Use. Lessee shall use and occupy the Premises only for the Agreed Use,
or any other legal use which is reasonably comparable thereto, and no other
purpose. Lessee shall not use or permit the use of the Premises in a manner that
is unlawful, creates damage, waste or a nuisance, or that disturbs occupants of
or causes damage to neighboring premises or properties. Lessor shall not
unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to any written request for a


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 4 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

modification of the Agreed Use, so long as the same will not impair the
structural integrity of the improvements of the Building, will not adversely
affect the mechanical, electrical, HVAC, and other systems of the Building,
and/or will not affect the exterior appearance of the Building. If Lessor elects
to withhold consent, Lessor shall within 7 days after such request give written
notification of same, which notice shall include an explanation of Lessor's
objections to the change in the Agreed Use.

     6.2 Hazardous Substances.

          (a) Reportable Uses Require Consent. The term "Hazardous Substance" as
used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance, or ______ whose presence,
use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, or release, either by itself or in
combination with other materials expected to be on the Premises, is either: (i)
potentially injurious to the public health, safety or welfare, the environment
or the Premises, (ii) regulated or monitored by any governmental authority, or
(iii) a basis for potential liability of Lessor to any governmental agency or
third party under any applicable statute or common law theory. Hazardous
Substances shall include, but not be limited to, hydrocarbons, petroleum,
gasoline, and/or crude oil or any products, byproducts or fractions thereof.
Lessee shall not engage in any activity in or on the Premises which constitutes
a Reportable Use of Hazardous Substances without the express prior written
consent of Lessor and timely compliance (at Lessee's expense) with all
Applicable Requirements. "Reportable Use" shall mean (i) the installation or use
of any above or below ground storage tank, (ii) the generation, possession,
storage, use, transportation, or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires
a permit from, or with respect to which a report, notice, registration or
business plan is required to be filed with, any governmental authority, and/or
(iii) the presence at the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with respect to
which any Applicable Requirements requires that a notice be given to persons
entering or occupying the Premises or neighboring properties. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Lessee may use any ordinary and customary materials reasonably
required to be used in the normal course of the Agreed Use such as ordinary
office supplies (copier toner, liquid paper, glue, etc.) and common household
cleaning materials, so long as such use is in compliance with all Applicable
Requirements, is not a Reportable Use, and does not expose the Premises or
neighboring property to any meaningful risk of contamination or damage or expose
Lessor to any liability therefor. In addition, Lessor may condition its consent
to any Reportable Use upon receiving such additional assurances as Lessor
reasonably deems necessary to protect itself, the public, the Premises and/or
the environment against damage, contamination, injury and/or liability,
including, but not limited to, the installation (and removal on or before Lease
expiration or termination) of protective modifications (such as concrete
encasements) and/or increasing the Security Deposit. See Paragraph 54 In
Addendum attached hereto and made a part hereof.

          (b) Duty to Inform Lessor. If Lessee knows, or has reasonable cause to
believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located in, on, under or
about the Premises, other than as previously consented to by Lessor, Lessee
shall immediately give written notice of such fact to Lessor, and provide Lessor
with a copy of any report, notice, claim or other documentation which it has
concerning the presence of such Hazardous Substance.

          (c) Lessee Remediation. Lessee shall not cause or permit any Hazardous
Substance to be spilled or released in, on, under, or about the Premises
(including through the plumbing or sanitary sewer system) and shall promptly, at
Lessee's expense, comply with all Applicable Requirements and take all
investigatory and/or remedial action reasonably recommended, whether or not
formally ordered or required, for the cleanup of any contamination of, and for
the maintenance, security and/or monitoring of the Premises or neighboring
properties, that was caused or materially contributed to by Lessee, or
pertaining to or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the Premises
during the term of this Lease, by or for Lessee, or any third party.

          (d) Lessee Indemnification. Lessee shall indemnify, defend and hold
Lessor, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor, if any, harmless from
and against any and all loss of rents and/or damages, liabilities, judgments,
claims, expenses, penalties, and attorneys' and consultants' fees arising out of
or involving any Hazardous Substance brought onto the Premises by or for Lessee,
or any third party (provided, however, that Lessee shall have no liability under
this Lease with respect to underground migration of any Hazardous Substance
under the Premises from areas outside of the Project not caused or contributed
to by Lessee). Lessee's obligations shall include, but not be limited to, the
effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or the environment
created or suffered by Lessee, and the cost of investigation, removal,
remediation, restoration and/or abatement, and shall survive the expiration or
termination of this Lease. No termination, cancellation or release agreement
entered into by Lessor and Lessee shall release Lessee from its obligations
under this Lease with respect to Hazardous Substances, unless specifically so
agreed by Lessor in writing at the time of such agreement.

          (e) Lessor Indemnification. Lessor and its successors and assigns
shall indemnify, defend, reimburse and hold Lessee, its employees and ___ders,
harmless from and against any and all environmental damages, including the cost
of remediation, which result from Hazardous Substances which existed on the
Premises prior to Lessee's occupancy or which are caused by the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of Lessor, its agents or employees. Lessor's obligations,
as and when required by the Applicable Requirements, shall include, but not be
limited to, the cost of investigation, removal, remediation, restoration and/or
abatement, and shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease.

          (f) Investigations and Remediations. Lessor shall retain the
responsibility and pay for any investigations or remediation measures required
by governmental entities having jurisdiction with respect to the existence of
Hazardous Substances on the Premises prior to Lessee's occupancy, unless such
remediation measure is required as a result of Lessee's use (including
"Alterations", as defined in paragraph 7.3(a) below) of the Premises, in which
event Lessee shall be responsible for such payment. Lessee shall cooperate fully
in any such activities at the request of Lessor, including allowing Lessor and
Lessor's agents to have reasonable access to the Premises at reasonable times in
order to carry out Lessor's Investigative and remedial responsibilities.

          (g) Lessor Termination Option. If a Hazardous Substance Condition (see
Paragraph 9.1(e)) occurs during the term of this Lease, unless Lessee is legally
responsible therefor (in which case Lessee shall make the investigation and
remediation thereof required by the Applicable Requirements and this Lease shall
continue in full force and effect, but subject to Lessor's rights under
Paragraph 6.2(d) and Paragraph 13), Lessor may, at Lessor's option, either (i)
investigate and remediate such Hazardous Substance Condition, if required, as
soon as reasonably possible at Lessor's expense, in which event this Lease shall
continue in full force and effect, or (ii) if the estimated cost to remediate
such condition exceeds 12 times the then monthly Base Rent or $100,000,
whichever is greater, give written notice to Lessee, within 30 days after
receipt by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such Hazardous Substance
Condition, of Lessor's desire to terminate this Lease as of the date 60 days
following the date of such notice. In the event Lessor elects to give a
termination notice, Lessee may, within 10 days thereafter, give written notice
to Lessor of Lessee's commitment to pay the amount by which the cost of the
remediation of such Hazardous Substance Condition exceeds an amount equal to 12
times the then monthly Base Rent or $100,000, whichever is greater. Lessee shall
provide Lessor with said funds or satisfactory assurance thereof within 30 days
following such commitment. In such event, this Lease shall continue in full
force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such remediation as soon as
reasonably possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not
give such notice and provide the required funds or assurance thereof within the
time provided, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor's
notice of termination.

     6.3 Lessee's Compliance with Applicable Requirements. Except as otherwise
provided in this Lease, Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole expense, fully,
diligently and in a timely manner, materially comply with all Applicable
Requirements, the requirements of any applicable fire insurance underwriter or
rating bureau, and the recommendations of Lessor's engineers and/or consultants
which relate in any manner to the Premises, without regard to whether said
requirements are now in effect or become effective after the Start Date. Lessee
shall, within 10 days after receipt of Lessor's written request, provide Lessor
with copies of all permits and other documents, and other information evidencing
Lessee's compliance with any Applicable Requirements specified by Lessor, and
shall immediately upon receipt, notify Lessor In writing (with copies of any
documents involved) of any threatened or actual claim, notice, citation,
warning, complaint or report pertaining to or involving the failure of Lessee or
the Premises to comply with any Applicable Requirements.

     6.4 Inspection; Compliance. Lessor and Lessor's "Lender" (as defined in
Paragraph 30) and consultants shall have the right to enter into Premises at any
time, in the case of an emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times, for the
purpose of inspecting the condition of the Premises and for verifying compliance
by Lessee with this Lease. The cost of any such inspections shall be paid by
Lessor, unless a violation of Applicable Requirements, or a Hazardous Substance
Condition (see paragraph 9.1 e) is found to exist or be imminent, or the
inspection is requested or ordered by a governmental authority. In such case,
Lessee shall upon request reimburse Lessor for the cost of such inspection, so
long as such inspection is reasonably related to the violation or contamination.

     Maintenance; Repairs; Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures and
Alterations.

     7.1 Lessee's Obligations. Notwithstanding Lessor's obligation to keep the
Premises in good condition and repair, Lessee shall be responsible for


                                                                   /s/ Illegible
----------                                                         -------------


----------                                                         -------------
 Initials                                                             Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 5 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

payment of the cost thereof to Lessor as additional rent for that portion of the
cost of any maintenance and repair of the Premises, or any equipment (wherever
located) that serves only Lessee or the Premises, to the extent such cost is
attributable to causes beyond normal wear and tear. Lessee shall be responsible
for the cost of painting, repairing or replacing wall coverings, and to repair
or replace any improvements with the Premises. Lessor may, at its option, upon
reasonable notice, elect to have Lessee perform any particular such maintenance
or repairs the cost of which is otherwise Lessee's responsibility hereunder.

     7.2 Lessor's Obligations. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2
(Condition), 2.3 (Compliance), 4.2 (Operating Expenses), 6 (Use), 7.1 Lessee's
Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction) and 14 (Condemnation), Lessor, subject
to reimbursement pursuant to Paragraph 4.2, shall keep in good order, ___dition
and repair the foundations, exterior walls, structural condition of interior
bearing walls, exterior roof, fire sprinkler system, fire alarm and/or smoke
detection systems, fire hydrants, and the Common Areas. Lessee expressly waives
the benefit of any statute now or hereafter in effect to the extent it is
inconsistent with the terms of this Lease.

     7.3 Utility Installations; Trade Fixtures; Alterations.

          (a) Definitions. The term "Utility Installations" refers to all floor
and window coverings, air lines, vacuum lines, power panels, electrical
distribution, security and fire protection systems, communication cabling,
lighting fixtures, HVAC equipment, and plumbing in or on the Premises. The term
"Trade Fixtures" shall mean Lessee's machinery and equipment that can be removed
without doing material damage to the Premises. The term " Alterations" shall
mean any modification of the improvements, other than Utility Installations or
Trade Fixtures, whether by addition or deletion. "Lessee Owned Alterations
and/or Utility Installations" are defined as Alterations and/or Utility
Installations made by Lessee that are not yet owned by Lessor pursuant to
Paragraph 7.4(a).

          (b) Consent. Lessee shall not make any Alterations or Utility
Installations to the Premises without Lessor's prior written consent. Lessee
may, however, make non-structural Utility Installations to the interior of the
Premises (excluding the roof) without such consent but upon notice to Lessor, as
long as they are not visible from the outside, do not involve puncturing,
relocating or removing the roof, ceilings, floors or any existing walls, will
not affect the electrical, plumbing, HVAC, and/or life safety systems, and the
cumulative cost thereof during this Lease as extended does not exceed $2000.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessee shall not make or permit any roof
penetrations and/or install anything on the roof without the prior written
approval of Lessor. Lessor may, as a precondition to granting such approval,
require Lessee to utilize a contractor chosen and/or approved by Lessor. Any
Alterations or Utility Installations that Lessee shall desire to make and which
require the consent of the Lessor shall be presented to Lessor in written form
with detailed plans. Consent shall be deemed conditioned upon Lessee's: (i)
acquiring all applicable governmental permits, (ii) furnishing Lessor with
copies of both the permits and the plans and specifications prior to
commencement of the work, and (iii) compliance with all conditions of said
permits and other Applicable Requirements in a prompt and expeditious manner.
Any Alterations or Utility Installations shall be performed in a workmanlike
manner with good and sufficient materials. Lessee shall promptly upon completion
furnish Lessor with as built plans and specifications. For work which costs an
amount in excess of one month's Base Rent, Lessor may condition its consent upon
Lessee providing a lien and completion bond in an amount equal to 150% of the
estimated cost of such Alteration or Utility Installation and/or upon Lessee's
posting an additional Security Deposit with Lessor.

          (c) Liens; Bonds. Lessee shall pay, when due, all claims for labor or
materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for Lessee at or for
use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any mechanic's or
materialmen's lien against the Premises or any interest therein. Lessee shall
give Lessor not less than 10 days notice prior to the commencement of any work
in, on or about the Premises, and Lessor shall have the right to post notices of
non-responsibility. If Lessee shall contest the validity of any such lien, claim
or demand, then Lessee shall, at its sole expense defend and protect itself,
Lessor and the Premises against the same and shall pay and satisfy any such
adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the enforcement thereof. If
Lessor shall require, Lessee shall furnish a surety bond in an amount equal to
150% of the amount of such contested lien, claim or demand, indemnifying Lessor
against liability for the same. If Lessor elects to participate in any such
action, Lessee shall pay Lessor's attorneys' fees and costs.

     7.4 Ownership; Removal; Surrender; and Restoration.

          (a) Ownership. Subject to Lessor's right to require removal or elect
ownership as hereinafter provided, all Alterations and Utility Installations
made by Lessee shall be the property of Lessee, but considered a part of the
Premises. Lessor may, at any time, elect in writing to be the owner of all or
any __ecified part of the Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations.
Unless otherwise instructed per paragraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Lessee Owned
Alterations and ___lity Installations shall, at the expiration or termination of
this Lease, become the property of Lessor and be surrendered by Lessee with the
Premises.

          (b) Removal. By delivery to Lessee of written notice from Lessor not
earlier than 90 and not later than 30 days prior to the end of the term of this
Lease, Lessor may require that any or all Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility
Installations be removed by the expiration or termination of this Lease. Lessor
may require the removal at any time of all or any part of any Lessee Owned
Alterations or Utility Installations made without the required consent.

          (c) Surrender; Restoration. Lessee shall surrender the Premises by the
Expiration Date or any earlier termination date, with all of the improvements,
parts and surfaces thereof clean and free of debris, and in good operating
order, condition and state of repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted. "Ordinary
wear and tear" shall not include any damage or deterioration that would have
been prevented by good maintenance practice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
this Lease is for 12 months or less, then Lessee shall surrender the Premises in
the same condition as delivered to Lessee on the Start Date with NO allowance
for ordinary wear and tear. Lessee shall repair any damage occasioned by the
installation, maintenance or removal of Trade Fixtures, Lessee owned Alterations
and/or Utility Installations, furnishings, and equipment as well as the removal
of any storage tank installed by or for Lessee. Lessee shall also completely
remove from the Premises any and all Hazardous Substances brought onto the
Premises by or for Lessee, or any third party (except Hazardous Substances which
were deposited via underground migration from areas outside of the Project) even
if such removal would require Lessee to perform or pay for work that exceeds
statutory requirements. Trade Fixtures shall remain the property of Lessee and
shall be removed by Lessee. The failure by Lessee to timely vacate the Premises
pursuant to this Paragraph 7.4(c) without the express written consent of Lessor
shall constitute a holdover under the provisions of Paragraph 26 below.

8.   Insurance; Indemnity.

     8.1 Insurance Premiums. The cost of the premiums for the insurance policies
maintained by Lessor pursuant to paragraph 8 are included as Operating Expenses
(see paragraph 4.2 (c)(iv)). Said costs shall include increases in the premiums
resulting from additional coverage related to requirements of the holder of a
mortgage or deed of trust covering the Premises, Building and/or Project,
increased valuation of the Premises, Building and/or Project, and/or a general
premium rate increase. Said costs shall not, however, include any premium
increases resulting from the nature of the occupancy of any other tenant of the
Building. If the Project was not insured for the entirety of the Base Year, then
the base premium shall be the lowest annual premium reasonably obtainable for
the required insurance as of the Start Date, assuming the most nominal use
possible of the Building and/or Project. In no event, however, shall Lessee be
responsible for any portion of the premium cost attributable to liability
insurance coverage in excess of $2,000,000 procured under Paragraph 8.2(b).

     8.2 Liability Insurance.

          (a) Carried by Lessee. Lessee shall obtain and keep in force a
Commercial General Liability policy of insurance protecting Lessee and Lessor as
an additional insured against claims for bodily injury, personal injury and
property damage based upon or arising out of the ownership, use, occupancy or
maintenance of the Premises and all areas appurtenant thereto. Such insurance
shall be on an occurrence basis providing single limit coverage in an amount not
less than $1,000,000 per occurrence with an annual aggregate of not less than
$2,000,000, an "Additional Insured-Managers or Lessors of Premises Endorsement"
and contain the "Amendment of the Pollution Exclusion Endorsement" for damage
caused by heat, smoke or fumes from a hostile fire. The policy shall not contain
any intra-insured exclusions as between insured persons or organizations, but
shall include coverage for liability assumed under this Lease as an "insured
contract" for the performance of Lessee's indemnity obligations under this
Lease. The limits of said insurance shall not, however, limit the liability of
Lessee nor relieve Lessee of any obligation hereunder. All insurance carried by
Lessee shall be primary to and not contributory with any similar insurance
carried by Lessor, whose insurance shall be considered excess insurance only.

          (b) Carried by Lessor. Lessor shall maintain liability insurance as
described in Paragraph 8.2(a), in addition to, and not in lieu of, the __surance
required to be maintained by Lessee. Lessee shall not be named as an additional
insured therein.

     8.3 Property Insurance - Building, Improvements and Rental Value.


                                                                   /s/ Illegible
----------                                                         -------------


----------                                                         -------------
 Initials                                                             Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 6 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

          (a) Building and Improvements. Lessor shall obtain and keep in force a
policy or policies of insurance in the name of Lessor, with loss payable to
Lessor, any ground-lessor, and to any Lender insuring loss or damage to the
Building and/or Project. The amount of such insurance shall be equal to the full
replacement cost of the Building and/or Project, as the same shall exist from
time to time, or the amount required by any Lender, but in no event more than
the commercially reasonable and available insurable value thereof. Lessee Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, and Lessee's personal
property shall be insured by Lessee under Paragraph 8.4. If the coverage is
available and commercially appropriate, such policy or policies shall insure
against all risks of __rect physical loss or damage (except the perils of flood
and/or earthquake unless required by a Lender), including coverage for debris
removal and the enforcement _ny Applicable Requirements requiring the upgrading,
demolition, reconstruction or replacement of any portion of the Premises as the
result of a covered loss. ________ policy or policies shall also contain an
agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause, waiver of
subrogation, and inflation guard protection causing an increase in the annual
property insurance coverage amount by a factor of not less than the adjusted
U.S. Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the
city nearest to where the Premises are located. If such insurance coverage has a
deductible clause, the deductible amount shall not exceed $1,000 per occurrence.

          (b) Rental Value. Lessor shall also obtain and keep in force a policy
or policies in the name of Lessor with loss payable to Lessor and any Lender,
insuring the loss of the full Rent for one year with an extended period of
indemnity for an additional 180 days ("Rental Value insurance"). Said insurance
shall contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any coinsurance clause,
and the amount of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the projected
Rent otherwise payable by Lessee, for the next 12 month period.

          (c) Adjacent Premises. Lessee shall pay for any increase in the
premiums for the property insurance of the Building and for the Common Areas or
other buildings in the Project if said increase is caused by Lessee's acts,
omissions, use or occupancy of the Premises.

          (d) Lessee's Improvements. Since Lessor is the Insuring Party, Lessor
shall not be required to insure Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations unless the item in question has become the property of Lessor
under the terms of this Lease.

     8.4 Lessee's Property; Business Interruption Insurance.

          (a) Property Damage. Lessee shall obtain and maintain insurance
coverage on all of Lessee's personal property, Trade Fixtures, and Lessee Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations. Such insurance shall be full replacement
cost coverage with a deductible of not to exceed $1,000 per occurrence. The
proceeds from any such insurance shall be used by Lessee for the replacement of
personal property, Trade Fixtures and Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations. Lessee shall provide Lessor with written evidence that such
insurance is in force.

          (b) Business Interruption. Lessee shall obtain and maintain loss of
income and extra expense insurance in amounts as will reimburse Lessee for
direct or indirect loss of earnings attributable to all perils commonly insured
against by prudent lessees in the business of Lessee or attributable to
prevention of access to the Premises as a result of such perils.

          (c) No Representation of Adequate Coverage. Lessor makes no
representation that the limits or forms of coverage of insurance specified
herein are adequate to cover Lessee's property, business operations or
obligations under this Lease.

     8.5 Insurance Policies. Insurance required herein shall be by companies
duly licensed or admitted to transact business in the state where the Premises
are located, and maintaining during the policy term a "General Policyholders
Rating" of at least B+, V, as set forth in the most current issue of "Best's
Insurance Guide", or such other rating as may be required by a Lender. Lessee
shall not do or permit to be done anything which invalidates the required
insurance policies. Lessee shall, prior to the Start Date, deliver to Lessor
certified copies of policies of such insurance or certificates evidencing the
existence and amounts of the required insurance. No such policy shall be
cancelable or subject to modification except after 30 days prior written notice
to Lessor. Lessee shall, at least 30 days prior to the expiration of such
policies, furnish Lessor with evidence of renewals or "insurance binders"
evidencing renewal thereof, or Lessor may order such insurance and charge the
cost thereof to Lessee, which amount shall be payable by Lessee to Lessor upon
demand. Such policies shall be for a term of at least one year, or the length of
the remaining term of this Lease, whichever is less. If either Party shall fail
to procure and maintain the insurance required to be carried by it, the other
Party may, but shall not be required to, procure and maintain the same.

     8.6 Waiver of Subrogation. Without affecting any other rights or remedies,
Lessee and Lessor each hereby release and relieve the other, and give their
entire right to recover damages against the other, for loss of or damage to its
property arising out of or incident to the perils required to be insured against
__rein. The effect of such releases and waivers is not limited by the amount of
insurance carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable hereto. The
Parties agree to have their respective property damage insurance carriers waive
any right to subrogation that such companies may have against Lessor or Lessee,
as the case may be, so long as the insurance is not invalidated thereby.

     8.7 Indemnity. Except for Lessor's gross negligence or willful misconduct,
Lessee shall indemnity, protect, defend and hold harmless the Premises, Lessor
and its agents, Lessor's master or ground lessor, partners and Lenders, from and
against any and all claims, loss of rents and/or damages, liens, judgments,
penalties, attorneys' and consultants' fees, expenses and/or liabilities arising
out of, involving, or in connection with, the use and/or occupancy of the
Premises by Lessee. If any action or proceeding is brought against Lessor by
reason of any of the foregoing matters, Lessee shall upon notice defend the same
at Lessee's expense by counsel reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and Lessor
shall cooperate with Lessee in such defense. Lessor need not have first paid any
such claim in order to be defended or indemnified.

     8.8 Exemption of Lessor from Liability. Lessor shall not be liable for
injury or damage to the person or goods, wares, merchandise or other property of
Lessee, Lessee's employees, contractors, invitees, customers, or any other
person in or about the Premises, whether such damage or injury is caused by or
results from fire, steam, electricity, gas, water or rain, or from the breakage,
leakage, obstruction or other defects of pipes, fire sprinklers, wires,
appliances, plumbing, HVAC or lighting fixtures, or from any other cause,
whether the said injury or damage results from conditions arising upon the
Premises or upon other portions of the Building, or from other sources or
places. Lessor shall not be liable for any damages arising from any act or
neglect of any other tenant of Lessor nor from the failure of Lessor to enforce
the provisions of any other lease in the Project. Notwithstanding Lessor's
negligence or breach of this Lease, Lessor shall under no circumstances be
liable for injury to Lessee's business or for any loss of income or profit
therefrom.

9.   Damage or Destruction.

     9.1 Definitions.

          (a) "Premises Partial Damage" shall mean damage or destruction to the
improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations, which can reasonably be repaired in 3 months or less from the
date of the damage or destruction, and the cost thereof does not exceed a sum
equal to 6 month's Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee in writing within 30
days from the date of the damage or destruction as to whether or not the damage
is Partial or Total.

          (b) "Premises Total Destruction" shall mean damage or destruction to
the improvements on the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and
Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures, which cannot reasonably be repaired in
3 months or less from the date of the damage or destruction and/or the cost
thereof exceeds a sum equal to 6 month's Base Rent. Lessor shall notify Lessee
in writing within 30 days from the date of the damage or destruction as to
whether or not the damage is Partial or Total.

          (c) "Insured Loss" shall mean damage or destruction to improvements on
the Premises, other than Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and
Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an event required to be covered by the
insurance described in Paragraph 8.3(a), irrespective of any deductible amounts
or coverage limits involved.

          (d) "Replacement Cost" shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild the
improvements owned by Lessor at the time of the occurrence to their condition
existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris removal and
upgrading required by the operation of Applicable Requirements, and without
_eduction for depreciation.

          (e) "Hazardous Substance Condition" shall mean the occurrence or
discovery of a condition involving the presence of, or a contamination by, ___
Hazardous Substance as defined in Paragraph 6.2(a), in, on, or under the
Premises which requires repair, remediation, or restoration.


                                                                /s/ Illegible
----------                                                      ----------------


----------                                                      ----------------
Initials                                                        Initials

                                  Page 7 of 15
                                     REVISED

(c)1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

<PAGE>

     9.2 Partial Damage - Insured Loss. If a Premises Partial Damage that is an
Insured Loss occurs, then Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense, repair such damage
(but not Lessee's Trade Fixtures or Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations) as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in
full force and effect; provided, however, that Lessee shall, at Lessor's
election, make the repair of any damage or destruction the total cost to repair
of which is $5,000 or less, and, in such event, Lessor shall make any applicable
insurance proceeds available to Lessee on a reasonable basis for that purpose.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the required insurance was not in force or
the insurance proceeds are not sufficient to effect such repair, the Insuring
Party shall __mptly contribute the shortage in proceeds as and when required to
complete said repairs. In the event, however, such shortage was due to the fact
that, by _______ of the unique nature of the improvements, full replacement cost
insurance coverage was not commercially reasonable and available, Lessor shall
have no obligation to pay for the shortage in insurance proceeds or to fully
restore the unique aspects of the Premises unless Lessee provides Lessor with
the funds to cover same, or adequate assurance thereof, within 10 days following
receipt of written notice of such shortage and request therefor. If Lessor
receives said funds or adequate assurance thereof within said 10 day period, the
party responsible for making the repairs shall complete them as soon as
reasonably possible and this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. If
such funds or assurance are not received, Lessor may nevertheless elect by
written notice to Lessee within 10 days thereafter to: (i) make such restoration
and repair as is commercially reasonable with Lessor paying any shortage in
proceeds, in which case this Lease shall remain in full force and effect, or
(ii) have this Lease terminate 30 days thereafter. Lessee shall not be entitled
to reimbursement of any funds contributed by Lessee to repair any such damage or
destruction. Premises Partial Damage due to flood or earthquake shall be subject
to Paragraph 9.3, notwithstanding that there may be some insurance coverage, but
the net proceeds of any such insurance shall be made available for the repairs
if made by either Party.

     9.3 Partial Damage - Uninsured Loss. If a Premises Partial Damage that is
not an Insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or willful act of
Lessee (in which event Lessee shall make the repairs at Lessee's expense),
Lessor may either (i) repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible at
Lessor's expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and
effect, or (ii) terminate this Lease by giving written notice to Lessee within
30 days after receipt by Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such damage.
Such termination shall be effective 60 days following the date of such notice.
In the event Lessor elects to terminate this Lease, Lessee shall have the right
within 10 days after receipt of the termination notice to give written notice to
Lessor of Lessee's commitment to pay for the repair of such damage without
reimbursement from Lessor. Lessee shall provide Lessor with said funds or
satisfactory assurance thereof within 30 days after making such commitment. In
such event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall
proceed to make such repairs as soon as reasonably possible after the required
funds are available. If Lessee does not make the required commitment, this Lease
shall terminate as of the date specified in the termination notice.

     9.4 Total Destruction. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if a
Premises Total Destruction occurs, this Lease shall terminate 60 days following
such Destruction. If the damage or destruction was caused by the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of Lessee, Lessor shall have the right to
recover Lessor's damages from Lessee, except as provided in Paragraph 8.6.

     9.5 Damage Near End of Term. If at any time during the last 6 months of
this Lease there is damage for which the cost to repair exceeds one month's Base
Rent, whether or not an Insured Loss, Lessor may terminate this Lease effective
60 days following the date of occurrence of such damage by giving a written
termination notice to Lessee within 30 days after the date of occurrence of such
damage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Lessee at that time has an exercisable
option to extend this Lease or to purchase the Premises, then Lessee may
preserve this Lease by, (a) exercising such option and (b) providing Lessor with
any shortage in insurance proceeds (or adequate assurance thereof) needed to
make the repairs on or before the earlier of (i) the date which is 10 days after
Lessee's receipt of Lessor's written notice purporting to terminate this Lease,
or (ii) the day prior to the date upon which such option expires. If Lessee duly
exercises such option during such period and provides Lessor with funds (or
adequate assurance thereof) to cover any shortage in insurance proceeds, Lessor
shall, at Lessor's commercially reasonable expense, repair such damage as soon
as reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect.
If Lessee fails to exercise such option and provide such funds or assurance
during such period, then this Lease shall terminate on the date specified in the
termination notice and Lessee's option shall be extinguished.

     9.6 Abatement of Rent; Lessee's Remedies.

          (a) Abatement. In the event of Premises Partial Damage or Premises
Total Destruction or a Hazardous Substance Condition for which Lessee of
responsible under this Lease, the Rent payable by Lessee for the period required
for the repair, remediation or restoration of such damage shall be abated in
proportion to the degree to which Lessee's use of the Premises is impaired, but
not to exceed the proceeds received from the Rental Value insurance. All other
obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be performed by Lessee, and Lessor shall
have no liability for any such damage, destruction, remediation, repair or
restoration except as provided herein.

          (b) Remedies. If Lessor shall be obligated to repair or restore the
Premises and does not commence, in a substantial and meaningful way, such repair
or restoration within 90 days after such obligation shall accrue, Lessee may, at
any time prior to the commencement of such repair or restoration, give written
notice to Lessor and to any Lenders of which Lessee has actual notice, of
Lessee's election to terminate this Lease on a date not less than 60 days
following the giving of such notice. If Lessee gives such notice and such repair
or restoration is not commenced within 30 days thereafter, this Lease shall
terminate as of the date specified in said notice. If the repair or restoration
is commenced within such 30 days, this Lease shall continue in full force and
effect. "Commence" shall mean either the unconditional authorization of the
preparation of the required plans, or the beginning of the actual work on the
Premises, whichever first occurs.

     9.7 Termination; Advance Payments. Upon termination of this Lease pursuant
to Paragraph 6.2(g) or Paragraph 9, an equitable adjustment shall be made
concerning advance Base Rent and any other advance payments made by Lessee to
Lessor. Lessor shall, in addition, return to Lessee so much of Lessee's Security
Deposit as has not been, or is not then required to be, used by Lessor.

     9.8 Waive Statutes. Lessor and Lessee agree that the terms of this Lease
shall govern the effect of any damage to or destruction of the Premises with
respect to the termination of this Lease and hereby waive the provisions of any
present or future statute to the extent inconsistent herewith.

10.  Real Property Taxes.

     10.1 Definitions. As used herein, the term "Real Property Taxes" shall
include any form of assessment; real estate, general, special, ordinary or
extraordinary, or rental levy or tax (other than inheritance, personal income or
estate taxes); improvement bond; and/or license fee imposed upon or levied
against any legal or equitable interest of Lessor in the Project, Lessor's right
to other income therefrom, and/or Lessor's business of leasing, by any authority
having the direct or indirect power to tax and where the funds are generated
with reference to the Project address and where the proceeds so generated are to
be applied by the city, county or other local taxing authority of a jurisdiction
within which the Project is located. "Real Property Taxes" shall also include
any tax, fee, levy, assessment or charge, or any increase therein, imposed by
reason of events occurring during the term of this Lease, including but not
limited to, a change in the ownership of the Project or any portion thereof or a
change in the improvements thereon.

     10.2 Payment of Taxes. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 10.3,
Lessor shall pay the Real Property Taxes applicable to the Project, and said
payments shall be included in the calculation of Operating Expenses in
accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 4.2.

     10.3 Additional Improvements. Operating Expenses shall not include Real
Property Taxes specified in the tax assessor's records and work sheets as being
caused by additional improvements placed upon the Project by other lessees or by
Lessor for the exclusive enjoyment of such other lessees. Notwithstanding
Paragraph 10.2 hereof, Lessee shall, however, pay to Lessor at the time
Operating Expenses are payable under Paragraph 4.2, the entirety of any increase
in Real Property Taxes if assessed solely by reason of Alterations, Trade
Fixtures or Utility Installations placed upon the Premises by Lessee or at
Lessee's request.

     10.4 Joint Assessment. If the Building is not separately assessed, Real
Property Taxes allocated to the Building shall be an equitable proportion of the
Real Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within the tax
parcel assessed, such proportion to be determined by Lessor from the respective
___uations assigned in the assessor's work sheets or such other information as
may be reasonably available. Lessor's reasonable determination thereof, in good
____ shall be conclusive.

     10.5 Personal Property Taxes. Lessee shall pay prior to delinquency all
taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee Owned Alterations and


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

                                  Page 8 of 15
                                     REVISED

(c)1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

<PAGE>

Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal
property of Lessee contained in the Premises. When possible, Lessee shall cause
its Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures,
furnishings, equipment and all other personal property to be assessed and billed
separately from the real property of Lessor. If any of Lessee's said property
shall be assessed with Lessor's real property, Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes
attributable to Lessee's property within 10 days after receipt of a written
statement setting forth the taxes applicable to Lessee's property.

11.  Utilities and Services.

     11.1 Services Provided by Lessor. Lessor shall provide heating,
ventilation, air conditioning, reasonable amounts of electricity for normal
lighting ___ office machines, water for reasonable and normal drinking and
lavatory use in connection with an office, and replacement light bulbs and/or
fluorescent tubes and ballasts for standard overhead fixtures. Lessor shall also
provide janitorial services to the Premises and Common Areas 5 times per week,
excluding Building Holidays, or pursuant to the attached janitorial schedule, if
any. Lessor shall not, however, be required to provide janitorial services to
kitchens or storage areas included within the Premises.

     11.2 Services Exclusive to Lessee. Lessee shall pay for all water, gas,
heat, light, power, telephone and other utilities and services specially or
exclusively supplied and/or metered exclusively to the Premises or to Lessee,
together with any taxes thereon. If a service is deleted by Paragraph 1.13 and
such service is not separately metered to the Premises, Lessee shall pay at
Lessor's option, either Lessee's Share or a reasonable proportion to be
determined by Lessor of all charges for such jointly metered service.

     11.3 Hours of Service. Said services and utilities shall be provided during
times set forth in Paragraph 1.12. Utilities and services required at other
times shall be subject to advance request and reimbursement by Lessee to Lessor
of the cost thereof.

     11.4 Excess Usage by Lessee. Lessee shall not make connection to the
utilities except by or through existing outlets and shall not install or use
machinery or equipment in or about the Premises that uses excess water, lighting
or power, or suffer or permit any act that causes extra burden upon the
utilities or services, including but not limited to security and trash services,
over standard office usage for the Project. Lessor shall require Lessee to
reimburse Lessor for any excess expenses or costs that may arise out of a breach
of this subparagraph by Lessee. Lessor may, in its sole discretion, install at
Lessee's expense supplemental equipment and/or separate metering applicable to
Lessee's excess usage or loading.

     11.5 Interruptions. There shall be no abatement of rent and Lessor shall
not be liable in any respect whatsoever for the inadequacy, stoppage,
interruption or discontinuance of any utility or service due to riot, strike,
labor dispute, breakdown, accident, repair or other cause beyond Lessor's
reasonable control or in cooperation with governmental request or directions.

12.  Assignment and Subletting.

     12.1 Lessor's Consent Required.

          (a) Lessee shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign,
transfer, mortgage or encumber (collectively, "assign or assignment") or sublet
all or any part of Lessee's interest in this Lease or in the Premises without
Lessor's prior written consent.

          (b) Unless Lessee is a corporation and its stock is publicly traded on
a national stock exchange, a change in the control of Lessee shall constitute an
assignment requiring consent. The transfer, on a cumulative basis, of 25% or
more of the voting control of Lessee shall constitute a change in control for
this purpose.

          (c) The involvement of Lessee or its assets in any transaction, or
series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition, financing,
transfer, leveraged buyout or otherwise), whether or not a formal assignment or
hypothecation of this Lease or Lessee's assets occurs, which results or will
result in a reduction of the Net Worth of Lessee by an amount greater than 25%
of such Net Worth as it was represented at the time of the execution of this
Lease or at the time of the most recent assignment to which Lessor has
consented, or as it exists immediately prior to said transaction or transactions
constituting such reduction, whichever was or is greater, shall be considered an
assignment of this Lease to which Lessor may withhold its consent. "Net Worth of
Lessee" shall mean the net worth of Lessee (excluding any guarantors)
established under generally accepted accounting principles.

          (d) An assignment or subletting without consent shall, at Lessor's
option, be a Default curable after notice per Paragraph 13.1(c), or a noncurable
Breach without the necessity of any notice and grace period. If Lessor elects to
treat such unapproved assignment or subletting as a noncurable Breach, Lessor
may either: (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) upon 30 days written notice,
increase the monthly Base Rent to 110% of the Base Rent then in effect. Further,
in the event of such Breach and rental adjustment, (i) the purchase price of any
option to purchase the Premises held by Lessee shall be subject to similar
adjustment to 110% of the price previously in effect, and (ii) all fixed and
non-fixed rental adjustments scheduled during the remainder of the Lease term
shall be increased to 110% of the scheduled adjusted rent.

          (e) Lessee's remedy for any breach of Paragraph 12.1 by Lessor shall
be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive relief.

     12.2 Terms and Conditions Applicable to Assignment and Subletting.

          (a) Regardless of Lessor's consent, no assignment or subletting shall:
(i) be effective without the express written assumption by such assignee or
sublessee of the obligations of Lessee under this Lease, (ii) release Lessee of
any obligations hereunder, or (iii) alter the primary liability of Lessee for
the payment of Rent or for the performance of any other obligations to be
performed by Lessee.

          (b) Lessor may accept Rent or performance of Lessee's obligations from
any person other than Lessee pending approval or disapproval of an assignment.
Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment nor the
acceptance of Rent or performance shall constitute a waiver or estoppel of
Lessor's right to exercise its remedies for Lessee's Default or Breach.

          (c) Lessor's consent to any assignment or subletting shall not
constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting.

          (d) In the event of any Default or Breach by Lessee, Lessor may
proceed directly against Lessee, any Guarantors or anyone else responsible for
the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease, including any assignee
or sublessee, without first exhausting Lessor's remedies against any other
person or entity responsible therefore to Lessor, or any security held by
Lessor.

          (e) Each request for consent to an assignment or subletting shall be
in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Lessor's determination as to
the financial and operational responsibility and appropriateness of the proposed
assignee or sublessee, including but not limited to the intended use and/or
required modification of the Premises, if any. Lessee agrees to provide Lessor
with such other or additional information and/or documentation as may be
reasonably requested. (See also Paragraph 36)

          (f) Any assignee of, or sublessee under, this Lease shall, by reason
of accepting such assignment or entering into such sublease, be deemed to have
assumed and agreed to conform and comply with each and every term, covenant,
condition and obligation herein to be observed or performed by Lessee during the
term of said assignment or sublease, other than such obligations as are contrary
to or inconsistent with provisions of an assignment or sublease to which Lessor
has specifically consented to in writing.

          (g) Lessors consent to any assignment or subletting shall not transfer
to the assignee or sublessee any Option granted to the original Lessee by this
Lease unless such transfer is specifically consented to by Lessor in writing.
(See Paragraph 39.2)

     12.3 Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable to Subletting. The
following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by Lessee of all or
any part of the Premises and shall be deemed included in all subleases under
this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated therein:

          (a) Lessee hereby assigns and transfers to Lessor all of Lessee's
interest in all Rent payable on any sublease, and Lessor may collect such Rent
and apply same toward Lessee's obligations under this Lease; provided, however,
that until a Breach shall occur in the performance of Lessee's obligations,
Lessee may collect said Rent. Lessor shall not, by reason of the foregoing or
any assignment of such sublessee, nor by reason of the collection of Rent, be
deemed liable to the sublessee for any failure of Lessee to perform and comply
with any of Lessee's obligations to such sublessee. Lessee hereby irrevocably
authorizes and _____ects any such sublessee, upon receipt of a written notice
from Lessor stating that a Breach exists in the performance of Lessee's
obligations under this Lease, to pay to Lessor all Rent due and to become due
under the sublease. Sublessee shall rely upon any such notice from Lessor and
shall pay all Rents to Lessor without any obligation or right to inquire as to
whether such Breach exists, notwithstanding any claim from Lessee to the
contrary.


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(c) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 9 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

          (b) In the event of a Breach by Lessee, Lessor may, at its option,
require sublessee to attorn to Lessor, in which event Lessor shall undertake the
obligations of the sublessor under such sublease from the time of the exercise
of said option to the expiration of such sublease; provided, however, Lessor
shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security deposit paid by such
sublessee to such sublessor or for any prior Defaults or Breaches of such
sublessor.

          (c) Any matter requiring the consent of the sublessor under a sublease
shall also require the consent of Lessor.

          (d) No sublessee shall further assign or sublet all or any part of the
Premises without Lessor's prior written consent.

          (e) Lessor shall deliver a copy of any notice of Default or Breach by
Lessee to the sublessee, who shall have the right to cure the Default of Lessee
within the grace period, if any, specified in such notice. The sublessee shall
have a right of reimbursement and offset from and against Lessee for any such
Defaults cured by the sublessee.

13. Default; Breach; Remedies.

     13.1 Default; Breach. A "Default" is defined as a failure by the Lessee to
comply with or perform any of the terms, covenants, conditions or Rules and
Regulations under this Lease. A "Breach" is defined as the occurrence of one or
more of the following Defaults, and the failure of Lessee to cure such Default
within any applicable grace period:

          (a) The abandonment of the Premises; or the vacating of the Premises
without providing a commercially reasonable level of security, or where the
coverage of the property insurance described in Paragraph 8.3 is jeopardized as
a result thereof, or without providing reasonable assurances to minimize
potential vandalism.

          (b) The failure of Lessee to make any payment of Rent or any Security
Deposit required to be made by Lessee hereunder, whether to Lessor or to a third
party, when due, to provide reasonable evidence of insurance or surety bond, or
to fulfill any obligation under this Lease which endangers or threatens life or
property, where such failure continues for a period of 3 business days following
written notice to Lessee.

          (c) The failure by Lessee to provide (i) reasonable written evidence
of compliance with Applicable Requirements, (ii) the service contracts, (iii)
the rescission of an unauthorized assignment or subletting, (iv) an Estoppel
Certificate, (v) a requested subordination, (vi) evidence concerning any
guaranty and/or Guarantor, (vii) any document requested under Paragraph 41
(easements), or (viii) any other documentation or information which Lessor may
reasonably require of Lessee under the terms of this Lease, where any such
failure continues for a period of 10 days following written notice to Lessee.

          (d) A Default by Lessee as to the terms, covenants, conditions or
provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 2.9 hereof,
other than those described in subparagraphs 13.1(a), (b) or (c), above, where
such Default continues for a period of 30 days after written notice; provided,
however, that if the nature of Lessee's Default is such that more than 30 days
are reasonably required for its cure, then it shall not be deemed to be a Breach
if Lessee commences such cure within said 30 day period and thereafter
diligently prosecutes such cure to completion.

          (e) The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the making of
any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors; (ii)
becoming a "debtor" as defined in 11 U.S.C. (s)101 or any successor statute
thereto (unless, in the case of a petition filed against Lessee, the same is
dismissed within 60 days); (iii) the appointment of a trustee or receiver to
take possession of substantially all of Lessee's assets located at the Premises
or of Lessee's interest in this Lease, where possession is not restored to
Lessee within 30 days; or (iv) the attachment, execution or other judicial
seizure of substantially all of Lessee's assets located at the Premises or of
Lessee's interest in this Lease, where such seizure is not discharged within 30
days; provided, however, in the event that any provision of this subparagraph
(e) is contrary to any applicable law, such provision shall be of no force or
effect, and not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.

          (f) The discovery that any financial statement of Lessee or of any
Guarantor given to Lessor was materially false.

          (g) If the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease is
guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of a Guarantor's
liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with the terms of
such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor's becoming insolvent or the subject of a
bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor's refusal to honor the guaranty, or (v) a
Guarantor's breach of its guaranty obligation on an anticipatory basis, and
Lessee's failure, within 60 days following written notice of any such event, to
provide written alternative assurance or security, which, when coupled with the
then existing resources of Lessee, equals or exceeds the combined financial
resources of Lessee and the Guarantors that existed at the time of execution of
this Lease.

     13.2 Remedies. If Lessee fails to perform any of its affirmative duties or
obligations, within 10 days after written notice (or in case of an emergency,
without notice), Lessor may, at its option, perform such duty or obligation on
Lessee's behalf, including but not limited to the obtaining of reasonably
required bonds, insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits or
approvals. The costs and expenses of any such performance by Lessor shall be due
and payable by Lessee upon receipt of invoice therefor. If any check given to
Lessor by Lessee shall not be honored by the bank upon which it is drawn,
Lessor, at its option, may require all future payments to be made by Lessee to
be by cashier's check. In the event of a Breach, Lessor may, with or without
further notice or demand, and without limiting Lessor in the exercise of any
right or remedy which Lessor may have by reason of such Breach:

          (a) Terminate Lessee's right to possession of the Premises by any
lawful means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and Lessee shall
immediately surrender possession to Lessor. In such event Lessor shall be
entitled to recover from Lessee: (i) the unpaid Rent which had been earned at
the time of termination; (ii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by
which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the
time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves
could have been reasonably avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of award of the
amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time of
award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could be
reasonably avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Lessor for
all the detriment proximately caused by the Lessee's failure to perform its
obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be
likely to result therefrom, including but not limited to the cost of recovering
possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary
renovation and alteration of the Premises, reasonable attorneys' fees, and that
portion of any leasing commission paid by Lessor in connection with this Lease
applicable to the unexpired term of this Lease. The worth at the time of award
of the amount referred to in provision (iii) of the immediately preceding
sentence shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of
the Federal Reserve Bank of the District within which the Premises are located
at the time of award plus one percent. Efforts by Lessor to mitigate damages
caused by Lessee's Breach of this Lease shall not waive Lessor's right to
recover damages under Paragraph 12. If termination of this Lease is obtained
through the provisional remedy of unlawful detainer, Lessor shall have the right
to recover in such proceeding any unpaid Rent and damages as are recoverable
therein, or Lessor may reserve the right to recover all or any part thereof in a
separate suit. If a notice and grace period required under Paragraph 13.1 was
not previously given, a notice to pay rent or quit, or to perform or quit given
to Lessee under the unlawful detainer statute shall also constitute the notice
required by Paragraph 13.1. In such case, the applicable grace period required
by Paragraph 13.1 and the unlawful detainer statute shall run concurrently, and
the failure of Lessee to cure the Default within the greater of the two such
grace periods shall constitute both an unlawful detainer and a Breach of this
Lease entitling Lessor to the remedies provided for in this Lease and/or by said
statute.

          (b) Continue the Lease and Lessee's right to possession and recover
the Rent as it becomes due, in which event Lessee may sublet or assign, subject
only to reasonable limitations. Acts of maintenance, efforts to relet, and/or
the appointment of a receiver to protect the Lessor's interests, shall not
constitute a termination of the Lessee's right to possession.

          (c) Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available under the laws
or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are located. The
expiration or termination of this Lease and/or the termination of Lessee's right
to possession shall not relieve Lessee from liability under any indemnity
provisions of this Lease as to matters occurring or accruing during the term
hereof or by reason of Lessee's occupancy of the Premises.

     13.3 Inducement Recapture. Any agreement for free or abated rent or other
charges, or for the giving or paying by Lessor to or for Lessee of any cash or
other bonus, inducement or consideration for Lessee's entering into this Lease,
all of which concessions are hereinafter referred to as "Inducement Provisions",
shall be deemed conditioned upon Lessee's full and faithful performance of all
of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease. Upon Breach of this Lease
by Lessee, any such Inducement Provision shall automatically be deemed deleted
from this Lease and of no further force or effect, and any rent, other charge,
bonus, inducement or consideration theretofore abated, given or paid by Lessor
under such an Inducement Provision shall be immediately due and payable by
Lessee to Lessor, notwithstanding any subsequent cure of said Breach by Lessee.
The acceptance by Lessor of rent or the cure of the Breach which initiated the
operation of this paragraph shall not be deemed a waiver by Lessor of the
provisions of this paragraph unless specifically so stated in writing by Lessor
at the time of


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(c) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 10 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

such acceptance.

     13.4 Late Charges. Lessee hereby acknowledges that late payment by Lessee
of Rent will cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the
exact amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs
include, but are not limited to, processing and accounting charges, and late
charges which may be imposed upon Lessor by any Lender. Accordingly, if any Rent
shall not be received by Lessor within 5 days after such amount shall be due,
then, without any requirement for notice to Lessee, Lessee shall pay to Lessor a
one-time late charge equal to 10% of each such overdue amount or $100, whichever
__greater. The parties hereby agree that such late charge represents a fair and
reasonable estimate of the costs Lessor will incur by reason of such late
payment. __ceptance of such late charge by Lessor shall in no event constitute a
waiver of Lessee's Default or Breach with respect to such overdue amount, nor
prevent the exercise of any of the other rights and remedies granted hereunder.
In the event that a late charge is payable hereunder, whether or not collected,
for 3 consecutive installments of Base Rent, then notwithstanding any provision
of this Lease to the contrary, Base Rent shall, at Lessor's option, become due
and payable quarterly in advance.

     13.5 Interest. Any monetary payment due Lessor hereunder, other than late
charges, not received by Lessor, when due as to scheduled payments (such as Base
Rent) or within 30 days following the date on which it was due for nonscheduled
payment, shall bear interest from the date when due, as to scheduled payments,
or the 31st day after it was due as to nonscheduled payments. The interest
("Interest") charged shall be computed at the rate of 10% per annum but shall
not exceed the maximum rate allowed by law. Interest is payable in addition to
the potential late charge provided for in Paragraph 13.4.

     13.6 Breach by Lessor.

          (a) Notice of Breach. Lessor shall not be deemed in breach of this
Lease unless Lessor fails within a reasonable time to perform an obligation
required to be performed by Lessor. For purposes of this Paragraph, a reasonable
time shall in no event be less than 30 days after receipt by Lessor, and any
Lender whose name and address shall have been furnished Lessee in writing for
such purpose, of written notice specifying wherein such obligation of Lessor has
not been performed; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessor's obligation
is such that more than 30 days are reasonably required for its performance, then
Lessor shall not be in breach if performance is commenced within such 30 day
period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion.

          (b) Performance by Lessee on Behalf of Lessor. In the event that
neither Lessor nor Lender cures said breach within 30 days after receipt of said
notice, or if having commenced said cure they do not diligently pursue it to
completion, then Lessee may elect to cure said breach at Lessee's expense and
offset from Rent the actual and reasonable cost to perform such cure, provided
however, that such offset shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of one
month's Base Rent or the Security Deposit, reserving Lessee's right to seek
reimbursement from Lessor. Lessee shall document the cost of said cure and
supply said documentation to Lessor.

14. Condemnation. If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the
power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the exercise of said power
(collectively "Condemnation"), this Lease shall terminate as to the part taken
as of the date the condemning authority takes title or possession, whichever
first occurs. If more than 10% of the rentable floor area of the Premises, or
more than 25% of Lessee's Reserved Parking Spaces, if any, are taken by
Condemnation, Lessee may, at Lessee's option, to be exercised in writing within
10 days after Lessor shall have given Lessee written notice of such taking (or
in the absence of such notice, within 10 days after the condemning authority
shall have taken possession) terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning
authority takes such possession. If Lessee does not terminate this Lease in
accordance with the foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect
as to the portion of the Premises remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be
reduced in proportion to the reduction in utility of the Premises caused by such
Condemnation. Condemnation awards and/or payments shall be the property of
Lessor, whether such award shall be made as compensation for diminution in value
of the leasehold, the value of the part taken, or for severance damages;
provided, however, that Lessee shall be entitled to any compensation for
Lessee's relocation expenses, loss of business goodwill and/or Trade Fixtures,
without regard to whether or not this Lease is terminated pursuant to the
provisions of this Paragraph. All Alterations and Utility Installations made to
the Premises by Lessee, for purposes of Condemnation only, shall be considered
the property of the Lessee and Lessee shall be entitled to any and all
compensation which is payable therefor. In the event that this Lease is not
terminated by reason of the Condemnation. Lessor shall repair any damage to the
Premises caused by such Condemnation.

15. Brokerage Fees.

     15.1 Additional Commission. In addition to the payments owed pursuant to
Paragraph 1.10 above, and unless Lessor and the Brokers otherwise agree in
writing, Lessor agrees that: (a) If Lessee exercises any Option, (b) if Lessee
acquires from Lessor any rights to the Premises or other premises owned by
Lessor and located within the Project, (c) if Lessee remains in possession of
the Premises, with the consent of Lessor, after the expiration of this Lease, or
(d) if Base Rent is increased, whether by agreement or operation of an
escalation clause herein, then, Lessor shall pay Brokers a fee in accordance
with-the schedule of the Brokers in effect at the time of the execution of this
Lease.

     15.2 Assumption of Obligations. Any buyer or transferee of Lessor's
interest in this Lease shall be deemed to have assumed Lessor's obligation
hereunder. Brokers shall be third party beneficiaries of the provisions of
Paragraphs 1.10, 15, 22 and 31. If Lessor fails to pay to Brokers any amounts
due as and for brokerage fees pertaining to this Lease when due, then such
amounts shall accrue Interest. In addition, if Lessor fails to pay any amounts
to Lessee's Broker when due, Lessee's Broker may send written notice to Lessor
and Lessee of such failure and if Lessor fails to pay such amounts within 10
days after said notice. Lessee shall pay said monies to its Broker and offset
such amounts against Rent. In addition, Lessee's Broker shall be deemed to be a
third party beneficiary of any commission agreement entered into by and/or
between Lessor and Lessor's Broker for the limited purpose of collecting any
brokerage fee owed.

     15.3 Representations and Indemnities of Broker Relationships. Lessee and
Lessor each represent and warrant to the other that it has had no dealings with
any person, firm, broker or finder (other than the Brokers, if any) in
connection with this Lease, and that no one other than said named Brokers is
entitled to any commission or finder's fee in connection herewith. Lessee and
Lessor do each hereby agree to indemnify, protect, defend and hold the other
harmless from and against liability for compensation or charges which may be
claimed by any such unnamed broker, finder or other similar party by reason of
any dealings or actions of the indemnifying Party, including any costs,
expenses, attorneys' fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto.

16. Estoppel Certificates.

          (a) Each Party (as "Responding Party") shall within 10 days after
written notice from the other Party (the "Requesting Party") execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in writing in form
similar to the then most current "Estoppel Certificate" form published by the
American Industrial Real Estate Association, plus such additional information,
confirmation and/or statements as may be reasonably requested by the Requesting
Party.

          (b) If the Responding Party shall fail to execute or deliver the
Estoppel Certificate within such 10 day period, the Requesting Party may execute
an Estoppel Certificate stating that (i) the Lease is in full force and effect
without modification except as may be represented by the Requesting Party, (ii)
there are no uncured defaults in the Requesting Party's performance, and (iii)
if Lessor is the Requesting Party, not more than one month's rent has been paid
in advance. Prospective purchasers and encumbrancers may rely upon the
Requesting Party's Estoppel Certificate, and the Responding Party shall be
estopped from denying the truth of the facts contained in said Certificate.

          (c) If Lessor desires to finance, refinance, or sell the Premises, or
any part thereof, Lessee and all Guarantors shall deliver to any potential
lender or purchaser designated by Lessor such financial statements as may be
reasonably required by such lender or purchaser, including but not limited to
Lessee's financial statements for the past 3 years. All such financial
statements shall be received by Lessor and such lender or purchaser in
confidence and shall be used only for the purposes herein set forth.

17. Definition of Lessor. The term "Lessor" as used herein shall mean the owner
or owners at the time in question of the fee title to the Premises, or, if this
is a sublease, of the Lessee's interest in the prior lease. In the event of a
transfer of Lessor's title or interest in the Premises or this Lease, Lessor
shall deliver to the __ansferee or assignee (in cash or by credit) any unused
Security Deposit held by Lessor. Except as provided in Paragraph 15, upon such
transfer or assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid, the
prior Lessor shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the obligations
and/or covenants under this Lease thereafter to be performed by the Lessor.
Subject to the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this Lease to be
performed by the Lessor shall be binding only


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 11 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

upon the Lessor as hereinabove defined.

18. Severability. The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way affect the validity of any
other provision hereof.

19. Days. Unless otherwise specifically indicated to the contrary, the word
"days" as used in this Lease shall mean and refer to calendar days.

20. Limitation on Liability. The obligations of Lessor under this Lease shall
not constitute personal obligations of Lessor or its partners, members,
directors, ____cers or shareholders, and Lessee shall look to the Project and to
no other assets of Lessor, for the satisfaction of any liability of Lessor with
respect to this Lease, ____ shall not seek recourse against Lessor's partners,
members, directors, officers or shareholders, or any of their personal assets
for such satisfaction.

21. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of
all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties under this Lease.

22. No Prior or Other Agreements; Broker Disclaimer. This Lease contains all
agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter mentioned herein, and
no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective.
Lessor and Lessee each represents and warrants to the Brokers that it has made,
and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature, quality,
character and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease and as
to the use, nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers have no
responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach
hereof by either Party. The liability (including court costs and attorneys'
fees) of any Broker with respect to negotiation, execution, delivery or
performance by either Lessor or Lessee under this Lease or any amendment or
modification hereto shall be limited to an amount up to the fee received by such
Broker pursuant to this Lease; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation
on each Broker's liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Broker.

23. Notices.

     23.1 Notice Requirements. All notices required or permitted by this Lease
or applicable law shall be in writing and may be delivered in person (by hand or
by courier) or may be sent by regular, certified or registered mail or U.S.
Postal Service Express Mail, with postage prepaid, or by facsimile transmission,
and shall be deemed sufficiently given if served in a manner specified in this
Paragraph 23. The addresses noted adjacent to a Party's signature on this Lease
shall be that Party's address for delivery or mailing of notices. Either Party
may by written notice to the other specify a different address for notice,
except that upon Lessee's taking possession of the Premises, the Premises shall
constitute Lessee's address for notice. A copy of all notices to Lessor shall be
concurrently transmitted to such party or parties at such addresses as Lessor
may from time to time hereafter designate in writing.

     23.2 Date of Notice. Any notice sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of delivery shown on
the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark thereon. If sent
by regular mail the notice shall be deemed given 48 hours after the same is
addressed as required herein and mailed with postage prepaid. Notices delivered
by United States Express Mail or overnight courier that guarantee next day
delivery shall be deemed given 24 hours after delivery of the same to the Postal
Service or courier. Notices transmitted by facsimile transmission or similar
means shall be deemed delivered upon telephone confirmation of receipt
(confirmation report from fax machine is sufficient), provided a copy is also
delivered via delivery or mail. If notice is received on a Saturday, Sunday or
legal holiday, it shall be deemed received on the next business day.

24. Waivers. No waiver by Lessor of the Default or Breach of any term, covenant
or condition hereof by Lessee, shall be deemed a waiver of any other term,
covenant or condition hereof, or of any subsequent Default or Breach by Lessee
of the same or of any other term, covenant or condition hereof. Lessor's consent
to, or approval of, any act shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the
obtaining of Lessor's consent to, or approval of, any subsequent or similar act
by Lessee, or be construed as the basis of an estoppel to enforce the provision
or provisions of this Lease requiring such consent. The acceptance of Rent by
Lessor shall riot be a waiver of any Default or Breach by Lessee. Any payment by
Lessee may be accepted by Lessor on account of moneys or damages due Lessor,
notwithstanding any qualifying statements or conditions made by Lessee in
connection therewith, which such statements and/or conditions shall be of no
force or effect whatsoever unless specifically agreed to in writing by Lessor at
or before the time of deposit of such payment.

25. Disclosures Regarding The Nature of a Real Estate Agency Relationship.

          (a) When entering into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding
a real estate transaction, a Lessor or Lessee should from the outset understand
what type of agency relationship or representation it has with the agent or
agents in the transaction. Lessor and Lessee acknowledge being __vised by the
Brokers in this transaction, as follows:

               (i) Lessor's Agent, A Lessor's agent under a listing agreement
with the Lessor acts as the agent for the Lessor only. A Lessor's agent or
subagent has the following affirmative obligations: To the Lessor: A fiduciary
duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the
Lessor. To the Lessee and the Lessor, a. Diligent exercise of reasonable skills
and care in performance of the agent's duties. b. A duty of honest and fair
dealing and good faith. c. A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent
materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not
known to, or within the diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An
agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential information
obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set
forth above.

               (ii) Lessee's Agent, An agent can agree to act as agent for the
Lessee only. In these situations, the agent is not the Lessor's agent, even if
by agreement the agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in
full or in part from the Lessor. An agent acting only for a Lessee has the
following affirmative obligations. To the Lessee: A fiduciary duty of utmost
care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Lessee. To the Lessee
and the Lessor: a. Diligent exercise of reasonable skills and care in
performance of the agent's duties. b. A duty of honest and fair dealing and good
faith. c. A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting
the value or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the
diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to
reveal to either Party any confidential information obtained from the other
Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above.

               (iii) Agent Representing Both Lessor and Lessee, A real estate
agent, either acting directly or through one or more associate licenses, can
legally be the agent of both the Lessor and the Lessee in a transaction, but
only with the knowledge and consent of both the Lessor and the Lessee. In a dual
agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to both
the Lessor and the Lessee: a. A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity,
honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either Lesser or the Lessee. b. Other
duties to the Lessor and the Lessee as stated above in subparagraphs (i) or
(ii). In representing both Lessor and Lessee, the agent may not without the
express permission of the respective Party, disclose to the other Party that the
Lessor will accept rent in an amount less than that indicated in the listing or
that the Lessee is willing to pay a higher rent than that offered. The above
duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve a Lessor or
Lessee from the responsibility to protect their own interests. Lessor and Lessee
should carefully read all agreements to assure that they adequately express
their understanding of the transaction. A real estate agent is a person
qualified to advise about real estate. If legal or tax advise is desired,
consult a competent professional.

          (b) Brokers have no responsibility with respect to any default or
breach hereof by either Party. The liability (including court costs and
attorneys' fees), of any Broker with respect to any breach of duty, error or
omission relating to this Lease shall not exceed the fee received by such Broker
pursuant to this Lease; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation on each
Broker's liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or willful
misconduct t of such Broker.

          (c) Buyer and Seller agree to identify to Brokers as "Confidential"
any communication or information given Brokers that is considered by such Party
to be confidential.

26. No Right To Holdover. Lessee has no right to retain possession of the
Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or termination of this Lease.
In the event that Lessee holds over, then the Base Rent shall be increased to
150% of the Base Rent applicable immediately preceding the expiration or
termination. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as consent by Lessor to
any holding over by Lessee.

27. Cumulative Remedies. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed
exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies
__ law or in equity.

28. Covenants and Conditions; Construction of Agreement. All provisions of this
Lease to be observed or performed by Lessee are both covenants and conditions.
In construing this Lease, all headings and titles are for the convenience of the
Parties only and shall not be considered a part of this Lease. Whenever


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 12 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

required by the context, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa.
This Lease shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but
rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if both Parties had prepared
lt.

29. Binding Effect; Choice of Law. This Lease shall be binding upon the Parties,
their personal representatives, successors and assigns and be governed by the
laws of the State in which the Premises are located. Any litigation between the
Parties hereto concerning this Lease shall be initiated in the county in which
the Premises are located.

30. Subordination; Attornment; Non-Disturbance.

     30.1 Subordination. This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall be
subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of trust, or other
hypothecation or security device (collectively, "Security Device"), now or
hereafter placed upon the Premises, to any and all advances made on the security
thereof, and to all renewals, modfications, and extensions thereof. Lessee
agrees that the holders of any such Security Devices (in this Lease together
refereed to as "Lender") shall have no liability or obligation to perform any of
the obligations of Lessor under this Lease. Any Lender may elect to have this
Lease and/or any Option granted hereby superior to the lien of its Security
Device by giving written notice thereof to Lessee, whereupon this Lease and such
Options shall be deemed prior to such Security Device, notwithstanding the
relative dates of the documentation or recordation thereof.

     30.2 Attornment. In the event that Lessor transfers title to the Premises,
or the Premises are acquired by another upon the foreclosure or termination of a
Security Device to which this Lease is subordinated (i) Lessee shall, subject to
the nondisturbance provisions of Paragraph 30.3, attorn to such new owner, and
upon request, enter into a new lease, containing all of the terms and provisions
of this Lease, with such new owner for the remainder of the term hereof, or, at
the election of such new owner, this Lease shall automatically become a new
Lease between Lessee and such new owner, upon all of the terms and conditions
hereof, for the remainder of the term hereof, and (ii) Lessor shall thereafter
be relieved of any further obligations hereunder and such new owner shall assume
all of Lessor's obligations hereunder, except that such new owner shall not: (a)
be liable for any act or omission of any prior lessor or with respect to events
occurring prior to acquisition of ownership; (b) be subject to any offsets or
defenses which Lessee might have against any prior lessor, (c) be bound by
prepayment of more than one month's rent, or (d) be liable for the return of any
security deposit paid to any prior Lessor.

     30.3 Non-Disturbance. With respect to Security Devices entered into by
Lessor after the execution of this Lease, Lessee's subordination of this Lease
shall be subject to receiving a commercially reasonable non-disturbance
agreement (a "Non-Disturbance Agreement") from the Lender which Non-Disturbance
Agreement provides that Lessee's possession of the Premises, and this Lease,
including any options to extend the term hereof, will not be disturbed so long
as Lessee is not in Breach hereof and attorns to the record owner of the
Premises. Further, within 60 days after the execution of this Lease, Lessor
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a Non-Disturbance
Agreement from the holder of any pre-existing Security Device which is secured
by the Premises. In the event that Lessor is unable to provide the
Non-Disturbance Agreement within said 60 days, then Lessee may, at Lessee's
option, directly contact Lender and attempt to negotiate for the execution and
delivery of a Non-Disturbance Agreement.

     30.4 Self-Executing. The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30 shall be
effective without the execution of any further documents; provided, however,
that, upon written request from Lessor or a Lender in connection with a sale,
financing or refinancing of the Premises, Lessee and Lessor shall execute such
further writings as may be reasonably required to separately document any
subordination, attornment and/or Non-Disturbance Agreement provided for herein.

31. Attorneys' Fees. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding
involving the Premises whether founded in tort, contract or equity, or to
declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any
such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon, shall be entitled to reasonable
attorneys' fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a
separate suit, whether or not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision
or judgment. The term, "Prevailing Party" shall include, without limitation, a
Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the
case may be, whether by compromise, settlement, judgment, or the abandonment by
the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys' fees award
shall not be computed in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be
such as to fully reimburse all attorneys' fees reasonably incurred. In addition,
Lessor shall be entitled to attorneys' fees, costs and expenses incurred in the
preparation and service of notices of Default and consultations in connection
therewith, whether or not a legal action is subsequently commenced in connection
with such Default or resulting Breach ($200 is a reasonable minimum per
occurrence for such services and consultation):

32. Lessor's Access; Showing Premises; Repairs. Lessor and Lessor's agents shall
have the right to enter the Premises at any time, in the case of an emergency,
and otherwise at reasonable times for the purpose of showing the same to
prospective purchasers, lenders, or tenants, and making such alterations,
repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises as Lessor may deem necessary
or desirable and the erecting, using and maintaining of utilities, services,
pipes and conduits through the Premises and/or other premises as long as there
is no material adverse effect to Lessee's use of the Premises. All such
activities shall be without abatement of rent or liability to Lessee. Lessor may
at any time place on the Premises any ordinary "For Sale" signs and Lessor may
during the last 6 months of the term hereof place on the Premises any ordinary
"For Lease" signs. In addition, Lessor shall have the right to retain keys to
the Premises and to unlock all doors in or upon the Premises other than to
files, vaults and safes, and in the case of emergency to enter the Premises by
any reasonably appropriate means, and any such entry shall not be deemed a
forcible or unlawful entry or detainer of the Premises or an eviction. Lessee
waives any charges for damages or injuries or interference with Lessee's
property or business in connection therewith.

33. Auctions. Lessee shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, any auction
upon the Premises without Lessor's prior written consent. Lessor shall not be
obligated to exercise any standard of reasonableness in determining whether to
permit an auction.

34. Signs. Lessee shall not place any sign upon the Project without Lessor's
prior written consent.

35. Termination; Merger. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by
Lessor, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Lessee, the mutual
termination or cancellation hereof, or a termination hereof by Lessor for Breach
by Lessee, shall automatically terminate any sublease or lesser estate in the
Premises; provided, however, that Lessor may elect to continue any one or all
existing subtenancies. Lessor's failure within 10 days following any such event
to elect to the contrary by written notice to the holder of any such lesser
interest, shall constitute Lessor's election to have such event constitute the
termination of such interest.

36. Consents. Except as otherwise provided herein, wherever in this Lease the
consent of a Party is required to an act by or for the other Party, such consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Lessor's actual reasonable costs
and expenses (including but not limited to architects', attorneys', engineers'
and other consultants' fees) incurred in the consideration of, or response to, a
request by Lessee for any Lessor consent, including but not limited to consents
to an assignment, a subletting or the presence or use of a Hazardous Substance,
shall be paid by Lessee upon receipt of an invoice and supporting documentation
therefor. Lessor's consent to any act, assignment or subletting shall not
constitute an acknowledgment that no Default or Breach by Lessee of this Lease
exists, nor shall such consent be deemed a waiver of any then existing Default
or Breach, except as may be otherwise specifically stated in writing by Lessor
at the time of such consent. The failure to specify herein any particular
condition to Lessor's consent shall not preclude the imposition by Lessor at the
time of consent of such further or other conditions as are then reasonable with
reference to the particular matter for which consent is being given. In the
event that either Party disagrees with any determination made by the other
hereunder and reasonably requests the reasons for such determination, the
determining party shall furnish its reasons in writing and in reasonable detail
within 10 business days following such request.

37. Guarantor.

     37.1 Execution. The Guarantors, if any, shall each execute a guaranty in
the form most recently published by the American Industrial Real Estate
Association.

     37.2 Default. It shall constitute a Default of the Lessee if any Guarantor
fails or refuses, upon request to provide: (a) evidence of the execution of the
guaranty, including the authority of the party signing on Guarantor's behalf to
obligate Guarantor, and in the case of a corporate Guarantor, a certified copy
of a resolution of its board of directors authorizing the making of such
guaranty, (b) current financial statements, (c) an Estoppel Certificate, or (d)
written confirmation that the guaranty is still in effect.

38. Quiet Possession. Subject to payment by Lessee of the Rent and performance
of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on Lessee's ' part to be


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 13 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

observed and performed under this Lease, Lessee shall have quiet possession and
quiet enjoyment of the Premises during the term hereof.

39. Options. If Lessee is granted an Option, as defined below, then the
following provisions shall apply.

     39.1 Definition. "Option" shall mean: (a) the right to extend the term of
or renew this Lease or to extend or renew any lease that Lessee has on other
property of Lessor; (b) the right of first refusal or first offer to lease
either the Premises or other property of Lessor; (c) the right to purchase or
the right of first refusal to purchase the Premises or other property of Lessor.

     39.2 Options Personal To Original Lessee. Any Option granted to Lessee in
this Lease is personal to the original Lessee, and cannot be designed or
exercised by anyone other than said original Lessee and only while the original
Lessee is in full possession of the Premises and, if requested by Lessor, with
Lessee certifying that Lessee has no intention of thereafter assigning or
subletting.

     39.3 Multiple Options. In the event that Lessee has any multiple Options to
extend or renew this Lease, a later Option cannot be exercised unless the prior
Options have been validly exercised.

     39.4 Effect of Default on Options.

          (a) Lessee shall have no right to exercise an Option: (i) during the
period commencing with the giving of any notice of Default and continuing until
said Default is cured, (ii) during the period of time any Rent is unpaid
(without regard to whether notice thereof is given Lessee), (iii) during the
time Lessee is in Breach of this Lease, or (iv) in the event that Lessee has
been given 3 or more notices of separate Default, whether or not the Defaults
are cured, during the 12 month period immediately preceding the exercise of the
Option.

          (b) The period of time within which an Option may be exercised shall
not be extended or enlarged by reason of Lessee's inability to exercise an
Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a).

          (c) An Option shall terminate and be of no further force or effect,
notwithstanding Lessee's due and timely exercise of the Option, if, after such
exercise and prior to the commencement of the extended term or completion of the
purchase, (i) Lessee fails to pay Rent for a period of 30 days after such Rent
becomes due (without any necessity of Lessor to give notice thereof), or (ii) if
Lessee commits a Breach of this Lease.

40. Security Measures. Lessee hereby acknowledges that the Rent payable to
Lessor hereunder does not include the cost of guard service or other security
measures, and that Lessor shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same.
Lessee assumes all responsibility for the protection of the Premises, Lessee,
its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties. In
the event, however, that Lessor should elect to provide security services, then
the cost thereof shall be an Operating Expense.

41. Reservations.

          (a) Lessor reserves the right: (i) to grant, without the consent or
joinder of Lessee, such easements, rights and dedications that Lessor deems
necessary, (ii) to cause the recordation of parcel maps and restrictions, (iii)
to create and/or install new utility raceways, so long as such easements,
rights, dedications, maps, restrictions, and utility raceways do not
unreasonably interfere with the use of the Premises by Lessee. Lessor may also:
change the name, address or title of the Building or Project upon at least 90
days prior written notice; provide and install, at Lessee's expense, Building
standard graphics on the door of the Premises and such portions of the Common
Areas as Lessor shall reasonably deem appropriate; grant to any lessee the
exclusive right to conduct any business as long as such exclusive right does not
conflict with any rights expressly given herein; and to place such signs,
notices or displays as Lessor reasonably deems necessary or advisable upon the
roof, exterior of the Building or the Project or on pole signs in the Common
Areas. Lessee agrees to sign any documents reasonably requested by Lessor to
effectuate such rights. The obstruction of Lessee's view, air, or light by any
structure erected in the vicinity of the Building, whether by Lessor or third
parties, shall in no way affect this Lease or impose any liability upon Lessor.

          (b) Lessor also reserves the right to move Lessee to other space of
comparable size in the Building or Project. Lessor must provide at least 45
prior written notice of such move, and the new space must contain improvements
of comparable quality to those contained within the Premises. Lessor shall pay
the reasonable out of pocket costs that Lessee incurs with regard to such
relocation, including the expenses of moving and necessary stationary revision
costs. In no event, however, shall Lessor be required to pay an amount in excess
of two months Base Rent. Lessee may not be relocated more than once during the
term of this Lease.

          (c) Lessee shall not: (i) use a representation (photographic or
otherwise) of the Building or Project or their name(s) in connection with
Lessee's business; or (ii) suffer or permit anyone, except in emergency, to go
upon the roof of the Building.

42. Performance Under Protest. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any
amount or sum of money to be paid by one Party to the other under the provisions
hereof, the Party against whom the obligation to pay the money is asserted shall
have the right to make payment "under protest" and such payment shall not be
regarded as a voluntary payment and there shall survive the right on the part of
said Party to institute suit for recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged
that there was no legal obligation on the part of said Party to pay such sum or
any part thereof, said Party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much
thereof as it was not legally required to pay.

43. Authority.

          (a) If either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, limited liability
company, partnership, or similar entity, each individual executing this Lease on
behalf of such entity represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized
to execute and deliver this Lease on its behalf. Each party shall, within 30
days after request, deliver to the other party satisfactory evidence of such
authority.

          (b) If this Lease is executed by more than one person or entity as
"Lessee", each such person or entity shall be jointly and severally liable
hereunder. It is agreed that any one of the named Lessees shall be empowered to
execute any amendment to this Lease, or other document ancillary thereto and
bind all of the named Lessees, and Lessor may rely on the same as if all of the
named Lessees had executed such document.

44. Conflict. Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and the
typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled by the typewritten or
handwritten provisions.

45. Offer. Preparation of this Lease by either party or their agent and
submission of same to the other Party shall not be deemed an offer to lease to
the other Party. This Lease is not intended to be binding until executed and
delivered by all Parties hereto.

46. Amendments. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the
Parties in interest at the time of the modification. As long as they do not
materially change Lessee's obligations hereunder, Lessee agrees to make such
reasonable nonmonetary modifications to this Lease as may be reasonably required
by a Lender in connection with the obtaining of normal financing or refinancing
of the Premises.

47. Multiple Parties. If more than one person or entity is named herein as
either Lessor or Lessee, such multiple Parties shall have joint and several
responsibility to comply with the terms of this Lease.

48. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INVOLVING THE PROPERTY OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT.

49. Mediation and Arbitration of Disputes. An Addendum requiring the Mediation
and/or the Arbitration of all disputes between the Parties and/or Brokers
arising out of this Lease [ ] is [X] is not attached to this Lease.

50. Americans with Disabilities Act. In the event that as a result of Lessee's
use, or intended use, of the Premises the Americans with Disabilities Act or any
similar law requires modifications or the construction or installation of
improvements in or to the Premises, Building, Project and/or Common Areas, the
Parties agree that such modifications, construction or improvements shall be
made at: [ ] Lessor's expense [X] Lessee's expense.

LESSOR AND LESSEE HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM AND
PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE SHOW THEIR
INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE
TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED, THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 14 of 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

LESSOR AND LESSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE PREMISES.

ATTENTION: NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY THE AMERICAN
INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION OR BY ANY BROKER AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY,
LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT
RELATES. THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO: SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE. RETAIN APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND
INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT
NOT BE LIMITED TO: THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING AND
SIZE OF THE PREMISES, THE STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY, THE CONDITION OF THE ROOF AND
OPERATING SYSTEMS, COMPLIANCE WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT AND THE
SUITABILITY OF THE PREMISES FOR LESSEE'S INTENDED USE.

WARNING: IF THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, CERTAIN
PROVISIONS OF THE LEASE MAY NEED TO BE REVISED TO COMPLY WITH THE LAWS OF THE
STATE IN WHICH THE PREMISES ARE LOCATED. The parties hereto have executed this
Lease at the place and on the dates specified above their respective signatures.

Executed at:                                Executed at:
            ------------------------                    ------------------------
on:                                         on:
   ---------------------------------           ---------------------------------

By LESSOR:                                  By LESSEE:
ICN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.                   RIBAPHARM INC.

------------------------------------        ------------------------------------


By:/s/ Illegible                            By:/s/ Illegible
   ---------------------------------           ---------------------------------
Name Printed: Harry A. Roosje               Name Printed: Roger D. Loomis, Jr.
Title: Senior Vice President                Title: Vice President


By:                                         By:
   ---------------------------------           ---------------------------------
Name Printed:                               Name Printed:
             -----------------------                     -----------------------
Title:                                      Title:
      ------------------------------              ------------------------------
Address: ICN Plaza                          Address: ICN Plaza
3300 Hyland Avenue                          3300 Hyland Avenue
Costa Mesa, CA 92626                        Costa Mesa, CA 92626

(714) 545-0100                              ------------------------------------
Telephone / Facsimile                       Telephone / Facsimile

Federal ID No.                              Federal ID No.
              ----------------------                      ----------------------
LESSOR'S                                    LESSEE'S
BROKER:                                     BROKER:

------------------------------------        ------------------------------------
Attn:                                       Attn:
     -------------------------------             -------------------------------
Address:                                    Address:
        ----------------------------                ----------------------------

------------------------------------        ------------------------------------

------------------------------------        ------------------------------------

------------------------------------        ------------------------------------
Telephone / Facsimile No.                   Telephone / Facsimile No.

These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and needs of
the industry. Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing the most
current form: American Industrial Real Estate Association, 700 South Flower
Street, Suite 600, Los Angeles, CA 90017.
(213) 687-9777.

        (C)Copyright 1999-By American Industrial Real Estate Association.
                              All rights reserved.
   No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in
                                    writing.


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 1999 - American Industrial Real Estate Association

                                  Page 15 0f 15
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

                                   [LOGO] AIR
                               OPTION(S) TO EXTEND
                             STANDARD LEASE ADDENDUM

          Dated
                ----------------------------------------------------------------
          By and Between (Lessor) ICN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

                         (Lessee) RIBAPHARM INC.

          Address of Premises: 3300 Hyland Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626

Paragraph 51

A.   OPTION(S) TO EXTEND:

Lessor hereby grants to Lessee the option to extend the term of this Lease for
One (1) additional Sixty (60) month period(s) commencing when the
prior term expires upon each and all of the following terms and conditions:

     (i) In order to exercise an option to extend, Lessee must give written
notice of such election to Lessor and Lessor must receive the same at least 3
but not more than 6 months prior to the date that the option period would
commence, time being of the essence. If proper notification of the exercise of
an option is not given and/or received, such option shall automatically expire.
Options (If there are more than one) may only be exercised consecutively.

     (ii) The provisions of paragraph 39, including those relating to Lessee's
Default set forth in paragraph 39.4 of this Lease, are conditions of this
Option.

     (iii) Except for the provisions of this Lease granting an option or options
to extend the term, all of the terms and conditions of this Lease except where
specifically modified by this option shall apply.

     (iv) This Option is personal to the original Lessee, and cannot be assigned
or exercised by anyone other than said original Lessee and only while the
original Lessee is in full possession of the Premises and without the intention
of thereafter assigning or subletting.

     (v) The monthly rent for each month of the option period shall be
calculated as follows, using the method(s) indicated below:

(Check Method(s) to be Used and Fill in Appropriately)

[X]  I. Cost of living Adjustment(s) (COLA)

     a. On (Fill in COLA Dates): May 1st of 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 & 2011 the
Base Rent shall be adjusted by the change, if any, from the Base Month specified
below, in the Consumer Price Index of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S.
Department of Labor for (select one): [ ] CPI W (Urban Wage Earners and Clerical
Workers) or [X] CPI U (All Urban Consumers), for (Fill in Urban Area): Los
Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim Metropolitan Area
All Items (1982-1984 = 100), herein referred to as "CPI".

     b. The monthly rent payable in accordance with paragraph A.I.a. of this
Addendum shall be calculated as follows: the Base Rent set forth in paragraph
1.5 of the attached Lease, shall be multiplied by a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the CPI of the calendar month 2 months prior to the month(s)
specified in paragraph A.I.a. above during which the adjustment is to take
effect, and the denominator of which shall be the CPI of the calendar month
which is 2 months prior to (select one): [X] the first month of the term of this
Lease as set forth in paragraph 1.3 ("Base Month") or [ ] (Fill in Other "Bass
Month"):                                              . The sum so calculated
         ---------------------------------------------
shall constitute the new monthly rent hereunder, but in no event, shall any such
new monthly rent be less than the rent payable for the month immediately
preceding the rent adjustment.

     c. In the event the compilation and/or publication of the CPI shall be
transferred to any other governmental department or bureau or agency or shall be
discontinued, then the index most nearly the same as the CPI shall be used to
make such calculation. In the event that the Parties cannot agree on such
alternative


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 2000-American Industrial Real Estate Association.

                                   Page 1 of 3
                                     REVISED

<PAGE>

index, then the matter shall be submitted for decision to the American
Arbitration Association in accordance with the then rules of said Association
and the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding upon the parties. The cost
of said Arbitration shall be paid equally by the Parties.

[ ]  II. Market Rental Value Adjustment(s) (MRV)

     a. On (Fill in MRV Adjustment Date(s))
                                            ------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Base Rent shall be adjusted to the "Market Rental Value" of the property as
follows:

          1) Four months prior to each Market Rental Value Adjustment Date
described above, the Parties shall attempt to agree upon what the new MRV will
be on the adjustment date. If agreement cannot be reached, within thirty days,
then:

               (a) Lessor and Lessee shall immediately appoint a mutually
acceptable appraiser or broker to establish the new MRV within the next 30 days.
Any associated costs will be split equally between the Parties, or

               (b) Both Lessor and Lessee shall each immediately make a
reasonable determination of the MRV and submit such determination, in writing,
to arbitration in accordance with the following provisions:

                    (i) Within 15 days thereafter, Lessor and Lessee shall each
select an [ ] appraiser or [ ] broker ("Consultant" - check one) of their choice
to act as an arbitrator. The two arbitrators so appointed shall immediately
select a third mutually acceptable Consultant to act as a third arbitrator.

                    (ii) The 3 arbitrators shall within 30 days of the
appointment of the third arbitrator reach a decision as to what the actual MRV
for the Premises is, and whether Lessor's or Lessee's submitted MRV is the
closest thereto. The decision of a majority of the arbitrators shall be binding
on the Parties. The submitted MRV which is determined to be the closest to the
actual MRV shall thereafter be used by the Parties.

                    (iii) If either of the Parties fails to appoint an
arbitrator within the specified 15 days, the arbitrator timely appointed by one
of them shall reach a decision on his or her own, and said decision shall be
binding on the Parties.

                    (iv) The entire cost of such arbitration shall be paid by
the party whose submitted MRV is not selected, ie. the one that is NOT the
closest to the actual MRV.

          2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the new MRV shall not be less than
the rent payable for the month immediately preceding the rent adjustment.

     b. Upon the establishment of each New Market Rental Value:

          1) the new MRV will become the new "Base Rent" for the purpose of
calculating any further Adjustments, and
          2) the first month of each Market Rental Value term shall become the
new "Base Month" for the purpose of calculating any further Adjustments.

[ ]  III. Fixed Rental Adjustment(s) (FRA)

The Base Rent shall be increased to the following amounts on the dates set forth
below:

     On (Fill in FRA Adjustment Date(s)):   The New Base Rent shall be:

                                            $
     ------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
                                            $
     ------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
                                            $
     ------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
                                            $
     ------------------------------------    -----------------------------------

B.   NOTICE:

     Unless specified otherwise herein, notice of any rental adjustments, other
than Fixed Rental Adjustments, shall be made as specified in paragraph 23 of the
Lease.

C.   BROKER'S FEE:

     The Brokers shall be paid a Brokerage Fee for each adjustment specified
above in accordance with paragraph 15 of the Lease.


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 2000-American Industrial Real Estate Association.

                                   Page 2 of 3

<PAGE>

NOTE: These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and
needs of the industry. Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing the
most current form: AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION, 700 S. Flower
Street, Suite 600, Los Angeles, Calif. 90017


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 2000-American Industrial Real Estate Association.

                                   Page 3 of 3

<PAGE>

                                     [LOGO]

                               RENT ADJUSTMENT(S)
                             STANDARD LEASE ADDENDUM

          Dated
                -------------------------

          By and Between (Lessor) ICN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC

          (Lessee) RIBAPHARM, INC.

          Address of Premises:3300 Hyland Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626

Paragraph 52

A.   RENT ADJUSTMENTS:

     The monthly rent for each month of the adjustment period(s) specified below
shall be increased using the method(s) Indicated below:

(Check Method(s) to be Used and Fill in Appropriately)

[X] I. Cost of Living Adjustment(s) (COLA)

       a. On (Fill in COLA Dates): May 1st of 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006 the Base
Rent shall be adjusted by the change, if any, from the Base Month specified
below, in the Consumer Price Index of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S.
Department of Labor for (select one):[ ] CPI W (Urban Wage Earners and Clerical
Workers) or [X] CPI U (All Urban Consumers), for (Fill In Urban Area): Los
Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim Metropolitan Area, All Items (1982-1984 = 100),
herein referred to as "CPI".

       b. The monthly rent payable in accordance with paragraph A.I.a. of this
Addendum shall be calculated as follows: the Base Rent set forth in paragraph
1.5 of the attached Lease, shall be multiplied by a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the CPI of the calendar month 2 months prior to the month(s)
specified in paragraph A.I.a. above during which the adjustment is to take
effect, and the denominator of which shall be the CPI of the calendar month
which is 2 months prior to (select one):[X] the first month of the term of this
Lease as set forth in paragraph 1.3 ("Base Month") or [ ] (Fill in Other "Base
Month"):                                                                   .
        -------------------------------------------------------------------
The sum so calculated shall constitute the new monthly rent hereunder, but in no
event, shall any such new monthly rent be less than the rent payable for the
month immediately preceding the rent adjustment.

       c. In the event the compilation and/or publication of the CPI shall be
transferred to any other governmental department or bureau or agency or shall be
discontinued, then the index most nearly the same as the CPI shall be used to
make such calculation. In the event that the Parties cannot agree on such
alternatives index, then the matter shall be submitted for decision to the
American Arbitration Association in accordance with the then rules of said
Association and the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding upon the
parties. The cost of said Arbitration shall be paid equally by the Parties.

[ ] II. Market Rental Value Adjustment(s) (MRV)

       a. On (Fill in MRV Adjustment Date(s):
                                             ----------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Base Rent shall be adjusted to the "Market Rental Value" of the property
as follows:

          1) Four months prior to each Market Rental Value Adjustment Date
described above, the Parties shall attempt to agree upon what the new MRV will


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 2000-American Industrial Real Estate Association.

                               RENT ADJUSTMENTS(S)
                                   Page 1 of 2

<PAGE>

be on the adjustment date. If agreement cannot be reached within thirty days,
then:

               (a) Lessor and Lessee shall immediately appoint a mutually
acceptable appraiser or broker to establish the new MRV within the next 30 days.
Any associated costs will be split equally between the Parties, or

               (b) Both Lessor and Lessee shall each immediately make a
reasonable determination of the MRV and submit such determination, in writing,
to arbitration in accordance with the following provisions:

                    (i) Within 15 days thereafter, Lessor and Lessee shall each
select an [ ] appraiser or [ ] broker ("Consultant" - check one) of their choice
to act as an arbitrator. The two arbitrators so appointed shall immediately
select a third mutually acceptable Consultant to act as a third arbitrator.

                    (ii) The 3 arbitrators shall within 30 days of the
appointment of the third arbitrator reach a decision as to what the actual MRV
for the Premises is, and whether Lessor' s or Lessee' s submitted MRV is the
closest thereto. The decision of a majority of the arbitrators shall be binding
on the Parties. The submitted MRV which is determined to be the closest to the
actual MRV shall thereafter be used by the Parties.

                    (iii) If either of the Parties fails to appoint an
arbitrator within the specified 15 days, the arbitrator timely appointed by one
of them shall reach a decision on his or her own, and said decision shall be
binding on the Parties.

                    (iv) The entire cost of such arbitration shall be paid by
the party whose submitted MRV is not selected, ie. the one that is NOT the
closest to the actual MRV.

          2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the new MRV shall not be less than
the rent payable for the month immediately preceding the rent adjustment.

     b. Upon the establishment of each New Market Rental Value:
          1) the new MRV will become the new "Base Rent" for the purpose of
calculating any further Adjustments, and
          2) the first month of each Market Rental Value term shall become the
new 'Base Month' for the purpose of calculating any further Adjustments.

[ ] III. Fixed Rental Adjustment(s) (FRA)

The Base Rent shall be increased to the following amounts on the dates set forth
below:

     On (Fill in FRA Adjustment Date(s)):   The New Base Rent shall be:
                                                $
     -----------------------------------         -------------------------------
                                                $
     -----------------------------------         -------------------------------
                                                $
     -----------------------------------         -------------------------------
                                                $
     -----------------------------------         -------------------------------

B.   NOTICE:

     Unless specified otherwise herein, notice of any such adjustments, other
than Fixed Rental Adjustments, shall be made as specified in paragraph 23 of the
lease.

C.   BROKER' S FEE:

     The Brokers shall be paid a Brokerage Fee for each adjustment specified
above in accordance with paragraph 15 of the Lease.

NOTE: These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and
needs of the industry. Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing the
most current form: AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION, 700 S. Flower
Street, Suite 600, Los Angeles, Calif. 90017


                                                                  /s/ Illegible
------------                                                      -------------


------------                                                      -------------
  Initials                                                           Initials

(C) 2000-American Industrial Real Estate Association.

                               RENT ADJUSTMENTS(S)
                                   Page 2 of 2


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
