<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.60
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>file006.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                   Exhibit 10.60
                                                                   -------------

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), made
and entered into as of October 1, 2002, between Alamosa Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, with its principal office located at 5225 S. Loop 289,
Lubbock, TX (together with its successors and assigns permitted under this
Agreement) ("Alamosa"), and Margaret Z. Couch ("Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, Alamosa and Employee entered into that certain Employment
Agreement effective as of January 27, 2000 (the "Original Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Alamosa has determined that it is in the best interests of
Alamosa and its stockholders to enter into this Agreement amending and restating
the obligations and duties of both Alamosa and Employee under the Original
Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, Alamosa wishes to assure itself of the continued service of
Employee for the period hereinafter provided, and Employee is willing to be
employed by Alamosa for said period, upon the terms and conditions provided in
this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is mutually acknowledged, Alamosa and Employee (individually a "Party" and
together the "Parties") agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS.

         (a) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

         (b) "Base Salary" shall mean the annual salary provided for in Section
3 below, as adjusted from time to time by the Board.

         (c) "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act.

         (d) "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons named by Employee
pursuant to Section 22 below or, in the event that no such person is named and
survives Employee, her estate.

         (e) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Alamosa.

         (f) "Cause" shall mean:


<PAGE>

              (i) Employee's conviction in a court of law of, or guilty plea or
         no contest plea to, a felony charge,

              (ii) willful, substantial and continued failure by Employee to
         perform her duties under this Agreement,

              (iii) willful engagement by Employee in conduct that is
         demonstrably and materially injurious to Alamosa,

              (iv) a breach by Employee of Section 11 or Section 12 below. For
         the purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this definition, no act or
         failure to act on the part of Employee shall be deemed "willful" (x) if
         caused by Disability or (y) unless done, or omitted to be done, by her
         not in good faith or without reasonable belief that her act or omission
         was in the best interests of Alamosa.

         (g) "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the event
set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

              (i)   any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                    indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not including in the
                    securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities
                    acquired directly from Alamosa or its Affiliates)
                    representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of
                    Alamosa's then outstanding securities, excluding any Person
                    who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a
                    transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (iii)
                    below; or

              (ii)  the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute
                    a majority of the number of directors then serving:
                    individuals who, on the date hereof, constitute the Board
                    and any new director (other than a director whose initial
                    assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
                    threatened election contest, including but not limited to a
                    consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors
                    of Alamosa) whose appointment or election by the Board or
                    nomination for election by Alamosa's stockholders was
                    approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds
                    (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were
                    directors on the date hereof or whose appointment, election
                    or nomination for election was previously so approved or
                    recommended; or

              (iii) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of Alamosa or
                    any direct or indirect subsidiary of Alamosa with any other
                    corporation or other entity, other than (A) a merger or
                    consolidation (1) which results in the voting securities of
                    Alamosa outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
                    consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
                    outstanding or by being converted into voting

                                        2

<PAGE>

                    securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) at
                    least 60% of the combined voting power of the securities of
                    Alamosa or such surviving entity or any parent thereof
                    outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation
                    and (2) after which the individuals who comprise the Board
                    immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of
                    the board of directors of Alamosa, the entity surviving such
                    merger or consolidation or, if Alamosa or the entity
                    surviving such merger is then a subsidiary, the ultimate
                    parent thereof, or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to
                    implement a recapitalization of Alamosa (or similar
                    transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial
                    Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of Alamosa (not
                    including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such
                    Person any securities acquired directly from Alamosa or its
                    Affiliates) representing 25% or more of the combined voting
                    power of Alamosa 's then outstanding securities; or

              (iv)  the stockholders of Alamosa approve a plan of complete
                    liquidation or dissolution of Alamosa or there is
                    consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by
                    Alamosa of all or substantially all of Alamosa 's assets,
                    other than a sale or disposition by Alamosa of all or
                    substantially all of Alamosa's assets immediately following
                    which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
                    prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of
                    directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or
                    disposed or any parent thereof.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change of Control" shall not be
deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or
series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders
of the common stock of Alamosa immediately prior to such transaction or series
of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership
in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of Alamosa
immediately following such transaction or series of transactions.

         (h) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time
to time amended.

         (i) "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board.

         (j) "Date of Termination" shall mean, with respect to any purported
termination of Employee's employment during the Term, (i) if Employee's
employment terminates due to Disability, 30 days after a good faith
determination of Disability by Alamosa (provided that Employee shall not have
returned to full-time performance of her duties during such 30-day period), (ii)
if Employee's employment terminates due to death, the date of death, and (iii)
if Employee's employment terminates for any other


                                       3
<PAGE>

reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which shall be not less
than 30 days after the date of such Notice of Termination).

         (k) "Disability" shall have the meaning set forth in Alamosa's
long-term disability policy as in effect from time to time.

         (l) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         (m) "Excise Tax" shall mean any excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code.

         (n) "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence (without Employee's express
written consent) of any one of the following acts or omissions by Alamosa
unless, in the case of any act or omission described in this Section 1(o), such
act or omission is corrected prior to the Date of Termination specified in the
Notice of Termination in respect thereof:

               (i) the assignment to Employee of duties, which taken as a whole,
         are inconsistent with the duties of an officer of Alamosa, excluding
         for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not
         taken in bad faith and which is remedied by Alamosa promptly after
         receipt of notice thereof given by Employee;

               (ii) a reduction by Alamosa in Employee's base salary and/or
         annual bonus opportunity as in effect on the date hereof or as the same
         may be increased from time to time, except for across-the-board
         reductions similarly affecting all senior executives of Alamosa;

               (iii) the failure by Alamosa to pay to Employee any portion of
         Employee's current compensation except pursuant to an across-the-board
         compensation deferral similarly affecting all senior executives of
         Alamosa;

               (iv) the failure by Alamosa to continue to provide Employee with
         benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Employee under any
         of Alamosa's savings/retirement, life insurance, medical, health and
         accident, disability plans or other benefits (including, without
         limitation, automobile, country club, and vacation benefits) in which
         Employee was participating at the time, the taking of any action by
         Alamosa which would directly or indirectly materially reduce any of
         such benefits or deprive Employee of any material fringe benefit
         enjoyed by Employee at the time, (including, without limitation,
         automobile, country club, and vacation benefits);

               (v) the relocation of Alamosa's principal offices to a location
         more than 50 miles from the location of such offices on the date of
         this Agreement or a requirement that Employee be based anywhere other
         than at Alamosa's principal offices except for necessary travel on
         Alamosa's business to an extent


                                       4
<PAGE>

         substantially consistent with Employee's business travel obligations on
         the date of this Agreement; or

               (vi) any determination by Employee after the occurrence of a
         Change of Control that Good Reason exists (which determination shall be
         final and conclusive).

         (o) "LSAR" means Employee's right to receive a cash payment in respect
of the mandatory cancellation of an option equal to the product of (1) the
excess, if any, of the then fair market value (as determined under the LTIP) of
a share of Alamosa common stock over the per share exercise price of the option
and (2) the number of shares of stock subject to the option.

         (p) "LTIP" means Alamosa's Amended and Restated 1999 Long Term
Incentive Plan, or any successor plan thereto.

         (q) "Notice of Termination" shall mean delivery of written notice by
one Party and receipt thereof by the other Party in accordance with Section 26
below, which notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Employee's
employment hereunder.

         (r) "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) Alamosa or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) a
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
Alamosa or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding
securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of Alamosa in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock of Alamosa.

         (s) "Severance Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9(d)(ii) below.

         (t) "Tax Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10 below.

         (u) "Term" shall mean the period specified in Section 2(b) below during
which Employee is employed by Alamosa or any of its Affiliates.

         (v) "Total Payments" shall mean those payments so described in Section
10 below.

2.       TERM OF EMPLOYMENT, POSITIONS AND DUTIES.

         (a) Employment of Employee. Alamosa hereby employs Employee, and
Employee hereby accepts employment with Alamosa, in the position and with the
duties and responsibilities set forth below and upon such other terms and
conditions as are hereinafter stated.


                                       5
<PAGE>

         (b) Term of Employment. The Term shall commence on the date of this
Agreement and shall terminate on September 30, 2005, unless it is sooner
terminated as provided in Section 9 below or extended by agreement of the
Parties.

         (c) Title, Duties and Authorities. Until termination of her employment
hereunder, Employee shall be employed as Chief Marketing Officer of Alamosa,
with all the authorities and responsibilities that normally accrue to such, and
shall hold such other titles as the Board may grant. Employee shall receive no
additional compensation for serving in any other capacity.

         (d) Time and Effort.

               (i) Employee agrees to devote her best efforts and abilities and
         her full business time and attention to the affairs of Alamosa in order
         to carry out her duties and responsibilities under this Agreement.

               (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall preclude
         Employee from

                    (A) serving on the boards of (x) a reasonable number of
               trade associations and charitable organizations, and (y) (as
               defined below) with the prior consent of the Board (which shall
               not be unreasonably withheld), any other business not in
               Competition with Alamosa,

                    (B) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs,
               and

                    (C) managing her personal investments and affairs; provided,
               however, that any such activities do not materially interfere
               with the proper performance of her duties and responsibilities
               specified in Section 2(c) above.

3.       BASE SALARY.

         Employee shall receive from Alamosa an initial Base Salary, payable in
accordance with the regular payroll practices of Alamosa, of $180,000. During
the Term, the Board shall review the Base Salary for increase no less often than
annually.

4.       ANNUAL BONUS.

         Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus, which shall have
an initial target of $80,000. Payment of the annual bonus (which may, in the
Committee's discretion, be paid in whole or in part on a quarterly basis) shall
be based upon the achievement of such performance goals as the Committee shall
determine based on Alamosa's budget and business plan. No annual bonus will be
payable unless the Committee determines that at least 75% of the performance
goals have been achieved. The amount of the annual bonus payable shall be
determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Alamosa bonus plan,
but in no case shall exceed 200% of the target for the annual bonus.



                                       6
<PAGE>

5.       LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION.

         During the Term, Employee shall participate in any long-term incentive
plan or plans that may be established by Alamosa for members of Alamosa's senior
management generally.

6.       EQUITY GRANTS.

         (a) Initial Option Grant. On the date this Agreement is executed, the
Committee shall grant Employee an option (the "Initial Option") to purchase
200,000 shares of Alamosa common stock pursuant to the LTIP. Four percent (4%)
of the shares subject to the Initial Option shall become vested and exercisable
each month following the date of grant (i.e., each monthly anniversary). The
Initial Option shall also become immediately vested and exercisable if
Employee's employment terminates pursuant to Section 9(d) below. The Initial
Option shall be granted at a per share exercise price equal to the higher of (1)
the closing stock price per share of Alamosa common stock on the New York Stock
Exchange on the date of grant or (2) the average closing stock price per share
of Alamosa common stock over the twenty trading days preceding the date of
grant.

         (b) Annual Option Grants. In addition, the Committee shall grant
Employee additional options according to the following schedule: 2003 - 70,000
options, 2004 - 60,000 options and 2005 -50,000 options. Except in respect of
2003, one half of the annual options will be granted in January and one half in
July of each year during the Term. Except in respect of 2003, annual options
will vest and become exercisable six months following the date of grant and
shall also become vested and exercisable if Employee's employment terminates
pursuant to Section 9(d) below. In 2003, the annual option grant will made on
October 1st and such option shall be fully vested and exercisable on the date of
grant. All annual option grants shall be granted at a per share exercise price
equal to the then fair market value (as defined in the LTIP) of a share of
Alamosa common stock.

         (c) Incentive Stock Options. All stock options to be granted to
Employee hereunder shall, to the maximum extent permitted by Section 422 of the
Code, be intended to qualify as "incentive stock options."

         (d) Employment Required; Other Option Terms. In order to receive any
option grant pursuant to this Section 6, Employee must be employed by Alamosa or
one of its Affiliates on the date of grant and any option granted pursuant to
this Section 6 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the form of
Alamosa executive stock option agreement under the LTIP to the extent such
agreement is not inconsistent with this Section 6. In addition, except as
otherwise provided herein or in the executive stock option agreement, option
vesting will be subject to Employee's continued employment hereunder.

         (e) Restricted Stock Grant. On the date this Agreement is executed, the
Committee shall grant Employee 100,000 shares of restricted stock pursuant to
the LTIP. Subject to Employee's continued employment hereunder, 50% of the
restricted shares


                                       7
<PAGE>

will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 25% of the
restricted shares will vest on each of the second and third anniversaries of the
date of grant. If Employee's employment terminates pursuant to Section 9(d)
below, all the restricted shares granted to Employee under this Section 6(e)
shall become vested.

         (f) Outstanding Options. Employee agrees that any existing stock
options that SHE holds immediately prior to the date hereof and which are not
vested and exercisable immediately prior to a Change of Control, shall,
notwithstanding Section 14(d) of the LTIP, only become automatically vested and
exercisable in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the LTIP) if the
per share exercise price of such options is less than the then fair market value
(as defined in the LTIP) of a share of Alamosa common stock.

         (g) LSAR Conversion. Employee acknowledges that immediately prior to
the occurrence of a "change in ownership or control" (as defined in Prop Reg
1.280G-1) of Alamosa, each stock option that has been granted to her pursuant to
this Section 6 that had not yet become vested and exercisable shall
automatically convert into an LSAR.

7.       EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.

         Employee shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by Alamosa for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by her during the Term in performing
services under this Agreement, upon her submission of such accounts and records
as may be reasonably required by Alamosa.

8.       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS AND PERQUISITES.

         During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all life
insurance, short-term and long-term disability, accident, health insurance and
savings/retirement plans that are applicable to Alamosa employees generally or
to the senior executives of Alamosa. Alamosa will also reimburse Employee for
the cost of the Employee's annual physical exams performed during the Term by a
physician chosen by Employee. The cost of each such exam (including of any tests
performed in connection with the physical) shall not exceed $2,500.

         During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to receive a car allowance
and other perquisites consistent with the Executive Benefit Policy approved by
the Committee.

9.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

         (a) General. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the
event of termination of Employee's employment under this Agreement for any
reason whatsoever, he, her dependents or Beneficiary, as may be the case, shall
be entitled to receive (in addition to payments and benefits under, and except
as specifically provided in, subsections (b) through (e) below as applicable):

               (i) his Base Salary through the Date of Termination;


                                       8
<PAGE>

               (ii) payment in lieu of any unused vacation, in accordance with
         Alamosa's vacation policy and applicable laws:

               (iii) any earned annual bonus not yet paid to him;

               (iv) any deferred compensation under any deferred compensation
         agreement or plan then in effect;

               (v) any other compensation or benefits, including without
         limitation long-term incentive compensation described in Section 5
         above, in accordance with Section 6 above and employee benefits under
         plans described in Section 8 above, that have vested through the Date
         of Termination or to which she may then be entitled in accordance with
         the applicable terms of each award or plan; and

               (vi) reimbursement in accordance with Section 7 above of any
         business expenses incurred by Employee through the Date of Termination
         but not yet paid to her and reimbursement of any unpaid expenses
         incurred pursuant to Section 8 above.

         (b) Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event that
Employee's employment terminates due to her death or disability, she or her
Beneficiary, as the case may be, shall be entitled, in addition to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to:

               (i) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect on the Date of
         Termination, through the end of the month in which the termination
         occurs, and

               (ii) an annual bonus under Alamosa's annual bonus plan. Such
         annual bonus shall be prorated to the Date of Termination and shall be
         paid based on the Board's determination (which shall be made in the
         Board's sole and absolute discretion) of what annual bonus Employee
         would likely have received in respect of the year in which the
         termination occurred.

         (c) Termination by Alamosa for Cause. In the event that Alamosa
terminates Employee's employment for Cause, she shall be entitled only to the
compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a).

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination for Cause may not occur
pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of Section 1(g) above unless and until, with
the Board's prior approval, Alamosa has delivered to Employee Notice of
Termination, which shall contain in reasonable detail the facts purporting to
constitute such nonperformance, act, omission or breach, and afforded her 30
days thereafter to cure the same (if curable) and/or to respond in writing to
the Board setting forth her position that her termination for Cause should not
occur and requesting reconsideration by the Board, in which event (x) the
effective date of termination of employment shall be deferred until the Board
has had the opportunity to consider whether such nonperformance, act, omission
or breach has been cured and to consider any request by Employee for
reconsideration, and (y) the Board shall thereafter


                                       9
<PAGE>

cause a written notice to be delivered on its behalf to Employee stating either
that it has rescinded its determination that her employment is to be terminated
for Cause or that affirms its determination that her employment is to be
terminated for Cause and that contains an effective date of termination of
employment, which shall be not earlier than 15 days after such notice is given.
Section 1(o)(i) to the contrary notwithstanding, upon delivery to Employee of
Notice of Termination under this Section 9(c), Employee shall be suspended from
all duties and responsibilities unless and until the Board rescinds its
determination that her employment is to be terminated for Cause.

         (d) Termination by Alamosa Without Cause or by Employee for Good
Reason.

               (i) Alamosa shall provide Employee 30 days' Notice of Termination
         of her employment without Cause, and Employee shall provide 30 days'
         Notice of Termination of her employment for Good Reason.

               (ii) In the event of termination by Alamosa of Employee's
         employment without Cause or of termination by Employee of her
         employment for Good Reason, she shall be entitled, in addition to the
         compensation and benefits specified in Section 9(a), to the following
         compensation and benefits (the "Severance Payments"):

                    (A) his Base Salary, at the rate in effect immediately
               before such termination (two times her Base Salary if the
               Employee's employment terminates within twelve months following a
               Change in Control),

                    (B) the higher of the Employee's target annual bonus or
               average annual bonus earned over the two preceding fiscal years
               (two times such amount if the Employee's employment terminates
               within twelve months following a Change in Control),

                    (C) a prorated amount of Employee's annual bonus for the
               year during which her termination occurs, which bonus shall not
               be less than the product of (A) the annual bonus paid to Employee
               for the calendar year preceding the Date of Termination that has
               most recently been paid to Employee and (B) a fraction, the
               numerator of which is the number of days in the current calendar
               year through the Date of Termination and the denominator of which
               is 365;

                    (D) continuing coverage under the life, disability, accident
               and health insurance programs for Alamosa employees generally and
               under any supplemental programs covering Alamosa executives, as
               from time to time in effect, for a one-year period from such
               termination or until Employee becomes eligible for substantially
               similar coverage under the employee welfare plans of a new
               employer, whichever occurs earlier (for a two year period if the
               Employee's employment terminates within twelve


                                       10
<PAGE>

               months following a Change in Control) (at the end of the
               foregoing coverage period, Employee shall also be entitled to
               elect coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
               Reconciliation Act of 1985 ); and

                    (E) continuation of all other benefits in effect on the Date
               of Termination (including, without limitation, automobile,
               country club, vacation and pension benefits, if applicable) for a
               one-year period (a two year period if the Employee's employment
               terminates within twelve months following a Change in Control)
               following such termination or until Employee becomes eligible for
               substantially similar benefits from a new employer, whichever
               occurs earlier.

               (iii) The payments specified in Sections 9(d)(ii)(A), (B) and (C)
         shall be made by Alamosa to Employee in a lump sum in cash within 30
         days of the Date of Termination.

               (iv) Employee's right to terminate her employment for Good Reason
         shall not be affected by her incapacity due to physical or mental
         illness. Employee's continued employment shall not constitute consent
         to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or omission
         constituting Good Reason.

               (v) As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits
         pursuant to this Section 9(d), Employee shall be required to execute
         (and not revoke) a general release of all claims against Alamosa and
         its Affiliates. Such release shall be in a form substantially similar
         to that attached as Exhibit A hereto.

         (e) Voluntary Termination by Employee. Employee shall have the right
voluntarily to terminate her employment in accordance with Section 1(k) above.
If she does so, she shall be entitled only to the compensation and benefits
specified in Section 9(a).

         (f) Cessation of Payments. If, during or after the Term, Employee
commits a breach of Section 11 or Section 12 below, Alamosa shall have no
further obligation to make payments to her under this Agreement except as may be
required in accordance with Section 9(a).

         (g) Notice Requirements. Any purported termination of Employee's
employment that is not effected pursuant to Notice of Termination satisfying the
requirements of Sections 1(i) and 1(o) and Section 26 shall not be effective for
purposes of this Agreement.

10.      280G TREATMENT.

         (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in the
event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Employee
(including any payment or benefit received in connection with a Change in
Control or the termination of Employee's employment, whether pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement) (all such
payments and benefits, referred to as the "Total


                                       11
<PAGE>

Payments") would be subject (in whole or part), to the Excise Tax, then, after
taking into account any reduction in the Total Payments provided by reason of
Section 280G of the Code in such other plan, arrangement or agreement, the cash
Severance Payments shall first be reduced, and the noncash Severance Payments
shall thereafter be reduced, to the extent necessary so that no portion of the
Total Payments is subject to the Excise Tax but only if (A) the net amount of
such Total Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of
federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after
taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions
attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (B) the
net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting
the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments
and the amount of Excise Tax to which Employee would be subject in respect of
such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of
itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total
Payments); provided, however, that Employee may elect to have the noncash
Severance Payments reduced (or eliminated) prior to any reduction of the cash
Severance Payments.

         (b) For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the
Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total
Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which the Employee shall have waived at
such time and in such manner as not to constitute a "payment" within the meaning
of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of
the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax
counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to the Employee does not
constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the
Code (including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in
calculating the Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken
into account which, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, constitutes reasonable
compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the Base Amount allocable to such
reasonable compensation, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any
deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined
in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.

         (c) Upon Employee's request, Alamosa shall provide Employee with a
written statement setting forth the manner in which such payments were
calculated and the basis for such calculations including, without limitation,
any opinions or other advice Alamosa has received from Tax Counsel or other
advisors or consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in writing
shall be attached to the statement).

11.      NON-COMPETITION/NON-SOLICITATION.

         (a) During Employee's employment with Alamosa, Employee shall not
engage in "Competition" with Alamosa or any Affiliate (collectively, the
"Company Group"). For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by Employee shall
mean Employee's engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being employed
by or acting as a consultant or lender to, or being an agent, principal, owner,
partner, corporate officer, director, shareholder, member, or investor of, or
permitting her name to be used in


                                       12
<PAGE>

connection with the activities of any other business or organization anywhere in
the United States which competes with the Business of any entity in the Company
Group. For these purposes, the "Business" is establishing and providing mobile
wireless communications services, including all aspects of the Business, within
the "Service Area" as that term is defined in the Schedule of Definitions
referred to in and incorporated by reference into the Sprint PCS Management
Agreements dated as of July 10, 1998, December 8, 1998, January 25, 1999,
December 6, 1999 and December 23, 1999 (as they may be amended from time to
time) or any other similar Sprint Management Agreement to which Alamosa or any
of its Affiliates may be a party ("the Sprint Agreement"); provided that; it
shall not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to become the
registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any class of the
capital stock of a competing corporation registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided the Employee does not actively
participate in the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant
expires.

         (b) For a period of one year following the termination of Employee's
employment (two years if Employee's employment terminates under Section 9(d)
during the Term and within twelve months following a Change of Control), whether
upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee shall not engage in
Competition, as defined above, in the Service Area or in any area in which
Alamosa had, as of the date of the expiration of termination OF this Agreement,
a bona fide intention to begin to operate its Business; provided that, it shall
not be a violation of this sub-paragraph for Employee to (1) become the
registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5%) of any class of the
capital stock of a competing corporation registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provided Employee does not actively
participate in the business of such corporation until such time as this covenant
expires, (2) commence employment with an employer or provide services to an
entity who conducts the Business in one or more areas within the Service Area so
long as such areas do not contain more than 25% of Alamosa's subscribers and
Employee's services do not primarily relate to the Service Area or (3) commence
employment with or provide services to a national carrier of the Business (e.g.,
Verizon or AT&T) if Employee's services do not primarily relate to the Service
Area. Notwithstanding anything to the foregoing, it shall not be a violation of
this sub-paragraph for an Employee to commence employment or provide consulting
services to an entity that derives more than 80% of its revenues from cellular
communications services.

         (c) For a period of one year (two years if Employee's employment
terminates under Section 9(d) during the Term and within twelve months following
a Change of Control) after Employee ceases to be employed hereunder, whether
upon expiration of this Agreement or otherwise, Employee agrees that she will
not, directly or indirectly, for her benefit or for the benefit of any other
person, firm or entity, do any of the following:

               (i) recruit or solicit (other than pursuant to general,
         non-targeted advertisements) the employment or services of, or hire, in
         any business enterprise or activity, any person who was employed by an
         entity in the Company Group upon termination of Employee's employment,
         or within six (6) months prior thereto;


                                       13
<PAGE>

               (ii) solicit from any customer or client doing business with an
         entity in the Company Group as of Employee's termination, business of
         the same or a similar nature to the business of such entity of the
         Company Group with such customer or client;

               (iii) solicit from any potential customer of an entity in the
         Company Group business of the same or a similar nature to that which
         has been the subject of a written or oral bid, offer or proposal by
         such entity of the Company Group, or of substantial preparation with a
         view to making such a bid, offer or proposal, within six (6) months
         prior to Employee's termination; or

               (iv) otherwise knowingly interfere with the business or accounts
         of any entity in the Company Group.

         (d) Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered by her
hereunder are of a special and unique character, which gives this Agreement a
peculiar value to Alamosa, the loss of which may not be reasonably or adequately
compensated for by damages in an action at law, and that a breach or threatened
breach by her of any of the provisions contained in this Section 11 will cause
the Company irreparable injury. Employee therefore agrees that in the event of a
violation or threatened violation of any of the provisions contained in this
Section 11, Alamosa or any of its Affiliates shall be entitled, in addition to
any other right or remedy, to a temporary, preliminary and permanent injunction,
without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of monetary damages or the
posting of any bond or security, enjoining or restraining Employee from any such
violation or threatened violations.

         (e) Employee further agrees that due to the confidential nature of the
information she will possess, the covenants set forth herein are reasonable and
necessary for the protection of the goodwill or other business interest of the
Company Group.

         (f) Employee agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the length of time or any other restriction, or portion thereof,
set forth in this Section 11 is overly restrictive and unenforceable, the court
may reduce or modify such restrictions to those which it deems reasonable and
enforceable under the circumstances, and as so reduced or modified, the parties
hereto agree that the restrictions of this Section 11 shall remain in full force
and effect. Employee further agrees that if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that any provision of this Section 11 is invalid or against public
policy, the remaining provisions of this Section 11 and the remainder of this
Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and shall remain in full force and
effect.

12.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

         Employee recognizes and acknowledges that she will have access to
certain information of members of the Company Group and that such information is
confidential and constitutes valuable, special and unique property of such
members of the Company Group. The Parties agree that Alamosa has a legitimate
interest in protecting the Confidential Information, as defined below, and is
entitled to protection of its interests in


                                       14
<PAGE>

the Confidential Information. Employee shall not at any time, either during or
subsequent to the Term, disclose to others, use, copy or permit to be copied,
except in pursuance of her duties for or on behalf of Alamosa, any Confidential
Information of any member of the Company Group (regardless of whether developed
by Employee) without the prior written consent of Alamosa. Employee acknowledges
that the use or disclosure of the Confidential Information to anyone or any
third party could cause monetary loss and damages to Alamosa. The Parties
further agree that in the event of a violation of this covenant against non-use
and non-disclosure of Confidential Information, Alamosa shall be entitled to a
recovery of damages from Employee and/or an injunction against Employee for the
breach or violation or continued breach or violation of this covenant.

         The term "Confidential Information" with respect to any person means
any secret or confidential information or know-how and shall include, but shall
not be limited to, the plans, financial and operating information, customers,
supplier arrangements, contracts, costs, prices, uses, and applications of
products and services, results of investigations, studies or experiments owned
or used by such person, and all apparatus, products, processes, compositions,
samples, formulas, computer programs, computer hardware designs, computer
firmware designs, and servicing, marketing or manufacturing methods and
techniques at any time used, developed, investigated, made or sold by such
person, before or during the term of this Agreement, that are not readily
available to the public or that are maintained as confidential by such person.
The Employee shall maintain in confidence any Confidential Information of third
parties received as a result of her employment with the Company in accordance
with the Company's obligations to such third parties and the policies
established by the Company.

13.      DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS UPON TERMINATION.

         Employee shall deliver to Alamosa or its designee at the termination of
her employment all correspondence, memoranda, notes, records, drawings,
sketches, plans, customer lists, product compositions, and other documents and
all copies thereof, made, composed or received by Employee, solely or jointly
with others, that are in Employee's possession, custody, or control at
termination and that are related in any manner to the past, present, or
anticipated business or any member of the Company Group. In this regard,
Employee hereby grants and conveys to Alamosa all right, title and interest in
and to, including without limitation, the right to possess, print, copy, and
sell or otherwise dispose of, any reports, records, papers, summaries,
photographs, drawings or other documents, and writings, and copies, abstracts or
summaries thereof, that may be prepared by the Employee or under her direction
or that may come into her possession in any way during the term of employment
with Alamosa that relate in any manner to the past, present or anticipated
business of any member of the Company Group.

14.      DISPUTES.

         The Parties agree to the following in regard to any disputes between
them arising under any of the provisions of this Agreement other than the
provisions of Sections 11 through 13 hereof. Nothing in this Section 14 applies
to or governs disputes arising under Sections 11 through 13 of this Agreement.

                                       15
<PAGE>

         (a) MEDIATION. The Parties agree to mediate any dispute arising under
the applicable provisions of this Agreement. In the event of any such dispute,
the parties, within thirty (30) days of a written request for mediation, shall
attend, in good faith, a mediation in order to make a good faith reasonable
effort to resolve such dispute arising under this Agreement. The Parties shall
attempt, in good faith, to agree to a mediator. If unable to so agree, the
Parties, in that event, will move to arbitration as provided in this Agreement
and there will be no mediation. If this good faith mediation effort fails to
resolve any dispute arising under this Agreement, the Parties agree to arbitrate
any dispute arising under this Agreement. This arbitration shall occur only
after the mediation process described herein.

         (b) ARBITRATION. The Parties agree, on the advice of their counsel, and
as evidenced by the signatures of the Parties and of their respective attorneys,
that all questions as to rights and obligations arising under the terms of this
Agreement are subject to arbitration and such arbitration shall be governed by
the provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas Civil Practice and
Remedies Code Section 171.001 et seq as it may be amended from time to time).

         (c) DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION. If a dispute should arise under this
Agreement, either Party may within thirty (30) days make a demand for
arbitration by filing a demand in writing with the other.

         (d) APPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATORS. The Parties to this Agreement may agree
on one arbitrator, but in the event that they cannot so agree, there shall be
three arbitrators, one named in writing by each of the Parties within thirty
(30) days after demand for arbitration is made, and a third to be chosen by the
two so named. The arbitrators among themselves shall appoint a presiding
arbitrator. Should either Party fail to timely join in the appointment of the
arbitrators, the arbitrators shall be appointed in accordance with the
provisions of Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code Section 171.041.

         (e) HEARING. All arbitration hearings conducted under the terms of this
Agreement, and all judicial proceedings to enforce any of the provisions of this
Agreement, shall take place in Lubbock County, Texas. The hearing before the
arbitrators of the matter to be arbitrated shall be at the time and place within
that County selected by the arbitrators or if deemed by the arbitrators to be
more convenient for the parties or more economically feasible, may be conducted
in any city within the Service Area or within the State of Texas.

         (f) ARBITRATION AWARD. If there is only one arbitrator, her or her
decision shall be binding and conclusive. Similarly, a decision by a panel of
arbitrators shall also be binding and conclusive. The submission of a dispute to
the arbitrators and the rendering of their decision shall be a condition
precedent to any right of legal action on the dispute. A judgment confirming the
award of the arbitrators may be rendered by any court having jurisdiction; or
the court may vacate, modify, or correct the award in accordance with the
provisions of the Texas General Arbitration Act (Texas Civil Practice and
Remedies Code ss. 171.087 et seq as it may be amended from time to time).


                                       16
<PAGE>

         (g) COSTS OF ARBITRATION. The costs and expenses of arbitration,
including the fees of the arbitrators but excluding any attorneys' fees, shall
be advanced by Alamosa, but will ultimately be borne by the losing party or in
such proportions as the arbitrators shall determine.

         (h) CONDUCT OF ARBITRATION. Any arbitration brought under the terms of
this Agreement shall be conducted in the following manner:

               (i) Time Limitations. The Parties agree that the following time
         limitations shall govern the arbitration proceedings conducted under
         the terms of this Agreement:

                    (A) Any demand for arbitration must be filed within thirty
               (30) days of the date the mediation is deemed unsuccessful, or
               thirty (30) days after the date of the written request for
               mediation, whichever is later.

                    (B) Each Party must select an arbitrator within thirty (30)
               days of receipt of notice that an arbitration proceeding has
               commenced. In the event that no such selection is made, the
               arbitrator selected by the other party may conduct the
               arbitration proceeding without selecting any other arbitrator.

                    (C) The hearing must be held within sixty (60) days of the
               date on which the third arbitrator is selected.

                    (D) Hearing briefs must be submitted no later than ten (10)
               days after the hearing.

                    (E) The arbitration award must be made within thirty (30)
               days of the receipt of hearing briefs.

               (ii) Discovery in Arbitration Proceedings. The Parties agree that
         discovery may be conducted in the course of the arbitration proceeding
         in accordance with the following provisions:

                    (A) Each Party may notice no more than three (3) depositions
               in total, including both witnesses adherent to the adverse Party
               and third-party witnesses.

                    (B) Each Party may serve no more than twenty-five (25)
               requests for admission on the other party. No requests may be
               served within ten (10) days of the date of hearing, unless the
               parties otherwise stipulate. All requests for admission shall be
               responded to within ten (10) days of service of the requests,
               unless the Parties otherwise stipulate.

                    (C) Each Party may serve no more than fifty (50)
               interrogatories on the other Party. No interrogatory shall
               contain subparts, or concern more than one topic or subject of
               inquiry. Interrogatories may


                                       17
<PAGE>

               not be phrased so as to circumvent the effect of this clause. No
               interrogatories may be served within ten (10) days of the date of
               hearing, unless the parties otherwise stipulate. All
               interrogatories shall be responded to within ten (10) days of
               service of the interrogatories, unless the Parties otherwise
               stipulate.

                    (D) Each Party may serve no more than ten (10) requests for
               production of documents on the other Party. No request for
               production of documents shall contain subparts, or seek more than
               one type of document. Requests for production of documents may
               not be phrased so as to circumvent the effect of this clause.
               Unless the Parties otherwise stipulate, requests for production
               of documents may not be served within ten (10) day of the date of
               hearing, and all requests for production of documents shall be
               responded to within ten (10) days of service of the requests.

                    (E) If any Party contends that the other Party has served
               discovery requests in a manner not permitted by this Section, or
               that the other Party's response to a discovery request is
               unsatisfactory, the party may request the presiding arbitrator to
               resolve such discovery disputes. The presiding arbitrator shall
               prescribe the procedure by which such disputes are resolved. Any
               discovery dispute may be handled by telephone conference among
               the Parties and the presiding arbitrator.

15.      WITHHOLDING TAXES.

         All payments to Employee or her Beneficiary shall be subject to
withholding on account of federal, state and local taxes as required by law. If
any payment under this Agreement is insufficient to provide the amount of such
taxes required to be withheld, Alamosa may withhold such taxes from any
subsequent payment due Employee or her Beneficiary. In the event that all
payments due are insufficient to provide the required amount of such withholding
taxes, Employee or her Beneficiary, within five days after written notice from
Alamosa, shall pay to Alamosa the amount of such withholding taxes in excess of
the payments due.


                                       18
<PAGE>

16.      INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY INSURANCE. Nothing herein is intended to
limit Alamosa's indemnification of Employee, and Alamosa shall indemnify her to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law consistent with Alamosa's
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, with respect to any action or failure to act on her part while she is
(x) an officer, director or employee of Alamosa or any Subsidiary or Affiliate
or (y) a director or officer of any trade association or business enterprise
that is not a subsidiary or Affiliate and in which capacity her service is at
Alamosa's request. To the extent that directors' and officers' liability
insurance is obtainable on commercially economic terms, Alamosa shall cause
Employee to be covered, during the Term and after the Term in respect of claims
arising from any such service during the Term, by such insurance on terms no
less favorable than the directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained
by Alamosa as in effect on the date of this Agreement in terms of coverage,
limits and reimbursement of defense costs. In any period during which such
insurance coverage is not obtainable on commercially economic terms, Alamosa
shall cause Employee to be covered by as much of such insurance as may be
obtained for the largest premium paid by Alamosa for such an insurance policy in
effect during the Term.

17.      ASSIGNABILITY, SUCCESSORS, BINDING AGREEMENT.

         (a) In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor to
Alamosa, Alamosa will use its best efforts to persuade any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of Alamosa to expressly assume
and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent
that Alamosa would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken
place. Failure of Alamosa to obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the
effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this Agreement and
shall entitle Employee to compensation from Alamosa in the same amount and on
the same terms as Employee would be entitled to hereunder if she were to
terminate her employment for Good Reason within twelve months following a Change
of Control, except that, for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the date on
which any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Date of
Termination.

         (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
Employee's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Employee shall die
while any amount would still be payable to her hereunder (other than amounts
which, by their terms, terminate upon her death) if she had continued to live,
all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement to the executors, personal representatives or
administrators of Employee's estate.

18.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

         Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, this Agreement contains
the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning the
subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written or
oral, between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. In the event of
a conflict between this Agreement


                                       19
<PAGE>

and terms of any benefit plan, grant or award, the provisions of this Agreement
shall govern the determination of Employee's rights.

19.      AMENDMENT OR WAIVER.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is
agreed to in writing and signed by both Employee and an authorized officer of
Alamosa. No waiver by either Party of any breach by the other Party of any
condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be performed by such other
Party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision
at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Any waiver must be in writing and
signed by the Party to be charged with the waiver.

20.      SEVERABILITY.

         In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be
determined to be valid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part, the
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall
remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

21.      SURVIVAL.

         The respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this
Agreement shall survive any termination of Employee's employment with Alamosa.

22.      BENEFICIARIES/REFERENCES.

         Employee shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent
permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive
any compensation or benefit payable under this Agreement following Employee's
death by giving Alamosa written notice thereof. In the event of Employee's death
or of a judicial determination of her incompetence, reference in this Agreement
to Employee shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to her beneficiary, estate
or other legal representative.

23.      MITIGATION.

         Alamosa agrees that, if Employee's employment by Alamosa terminates
during the Term, Employee is not required to seek other employment or to attempt
in any way to reduce any amounts payable to her due under this Agreement.
Further, the amount of any payment shall not be reduced by any compensation
earned by Employee as the result of employment by another employer, by
retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by Employee
to Alamosa, or otherwise.

24.      GOVERNING LAW.

         This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to principles
of conflict of laws.




                                       20
<PAGE>

25.      LEGAL EXPENSES. Alamosa agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses, including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements,
actually incurred by Employee in collecting or enforcing payments to which she
is ultimately determined to be entitled (whether by agreement among the Parties,
court order or otherwise) pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with its
terms.

26.      NOTICES. Any notice given to either Party shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been given when delivered either personally, by fax, by
overnight delivery service (such as Federal Express) or sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, duly addressed to
the Party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address as
the Party may subsequently give notice of.

If to Alamosa:

         Alamosa Holdings, Inc.
         5225 S. Loop 289,
         Lubbock, TX 79424

With a copy to:

         Jack McCutchin, Jr.
         Crenshaw, Dupree and& Milam, LLP
         P.O. Box 1499
         Lubbock, TX 79408-1499

and

         Fred B. White, III
         Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
         4 Times Square
         New York, New York 10036

If to Employee:

         At her address on file with Alamosa.

With a copy to:

         Jason E. Winford
         Jenkins & Gilchrist
         1445 Ross Avenue
         Suite 3200
         Dallas, Texas 75202


                                       21
<PAGE>

27.      HEADINGS.

         The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

28.      COUNTERPARTS.

         This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.





                                       22
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

                                         Alamosa Holdings, Inc.


                                         By: /s/ David Sharbutt
                                             -------------------------
                                             Name:  David Sharbutt
                                             Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                           /s/ Margaret Z. Couch
                                         -----------------------------
                                               Margaret Z. Couch

         Approved as to the mediation and arbitration provisions in Section 14
above.


                                          Crenshaw, Dupree & Milam, LLP


                                          By: /s/ Jack McCutchin, Jr.
                                              -------------------------
                                              Jack McCutchin, Jr.
                                              Attorney for Alamosa


                                          Jenkins & Gilchrist


                                          By: /s/ Jason E. Winford
                                              -------------------------
                                              Jason E. Winford
                                              Attorney for Employee


Dated this 18th day of October, 2002.




                                       23




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
