<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                    Termination Agreement and Mutual Release
                    ----------------------------------------

     This Termination Agreement and Mutual Release ("Termination  Agreement") is
made as of February  28,  2003,  by and between  Startcall.com,  Inc., a Florida
corporation with its principal place of business located at 1300 Collins Avenue,
Suite  504,  Miami  Beach,  Florida  33139  ("Startcall")  and Web  Intelligence
Technology ApS  ("Visator"),  a Danish  Corporation  with its principal place of
business at Kroghsgade 1, 2100 Copenhagen,  Denmark and ARN Invest ApS, a Danish
Corporation,  with its principal  place of business at Poppelgade 1, 4th.,  2200
K0benhavn N, Denmark.

                                   WITNESSTH:

     WHEREAS,  on December 6, 2002,  Startcall and Visator  entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement and Share Exchange (the "Stock Purchase  Agreement")  whereby
Startcall acquired Visator and Visator shall become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Startcall and in connection therewith, the a total of 79,500,000 ($ 0.000666 par
value per share) shares of restricted  common stock of Startcall  were issued to
the Visator Shareholders;

     WHEREAS,  pursuant  to the  Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  the  officers  and
directors  of  Startcall  resigned  and  Anders  Nielsen  and  Jesper  Toft were
appointed  to the  Board of  Directors  of  Startcall  and  Anders  Nielsen  was
appointed as the  President,  Chief  Executive  Officer and Secretary and Jesper
Toft was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Startcall.

     WHEREAS,  pursuant  to the Stock  Purchase  Agreement,  both  parties  were
required to meet certain  conditions for the Stock  Purchase  Agreement to be in
full force and effect.

     WHEREAS,  Startcall and Visator  desire to terminate and deem null and void
the Stock Purchase Agreement subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth.  Such  termination  is agreed  upon by both  parties  due to  Startcall's
failure to meet the terms of Articles VI of the Stock Purchase Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE,  in consideration for the sum of the foregoing  premises and
for other good and valuable consideration,  the adequacy and receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby covenant and agree as follows:

     1. Termination. Effective the date hereof, the Stock Purchase Agreement and
        ------------
any  and  all  other  agreement  entered  into  in  connection  therewith  shall
terminate, be deemed null and void and of no further effect.

     2. Cancellation of Shares and Other Consideration.  Simultaneously with the
        -----------------------------------------------
execution  of this  Agreement,  the  Visator  shareholders  agree to return  the
79,500,000  Startcall  shares  issued to them  pursuant  to the  Stock  Purchase
Agreement to  Startcall  for  cancellation  and  Startcall  agrees to pay to ARN
Invest ApS a total of $20,000.

     3. Resignation of Officers and Directors. Simultaneously with the execution
        --------------------------------------
of this  Agreement,  Anders  Nielsen and Jesper Toft will resign as directors of
Startcall and Anders Nielsen will resign as President,  Chief Executive  Officer

                                        5
<PAGE>

and  Secretary  and  Jesper  Toft will  resign as Chief  Financial  Officer.  In
addition,  both parties  agree that Antonio  Treminio  will be named as the sole
officer and director of Startcall.

     4.  Release  of  Startcall.  Simultaneously  with  the  execution  of  this
         -----------------------
Agreement and the receipt of the  resignation  of Anders Nielsen and Jesper Toft
as officers  and/or  directors  of Startcall  and the receipt of the  79,500,000
shares to  Startcall  set forth in  Section  2 and 3  herein,  Startcall  hereby
releases,  waives,  satisfies and forever discharges Visator, Anders Nielsen and
Jesper  Toft of and from any and all  actions,  suits,  controversies,  damages,
claims and demands  whatsoever,  in law or in equity,  which Startcall ever had,
now has or may have  against  Visator  arising  out of or  relating to the Stock
Purchase Agreement and any other agreement entered into in connection therewith.

     5. Release of Visator.  Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
        -------------------
and the delivery of the  consideration of $20,000 set forth in Section 2 herein,
Visator hereby releases,  waives,  satisfies and forever discharges Startcall of
and from any and all actions, suits, controversies,  damages, claims and demands
whatsoever,  in law or in equity,  which  Visator  ever had, now has or may have
against Startcall arising out of or relating to the Stock Purchase Agreement and
any other agreement entered into in connection therewith.

     6. Amendments.  This Agreement may not be altered,  amended,  modified,  or
        -----------
otherwise changed except by a writing executed by all of the parties hereto.

     7.  Binding.  This  Agreement  is, and shall be,  binding  upon each of the
         --------
parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns  and shall  inure to the  benefit  of each of them and their  respective
heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

     8.  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  constitutes  the entire  agreement
         ------------------
between the parties  hereto  concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior written or oral agreements or understandings related hereto or thereto

     9.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in
         ---------------
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

     10. Waiver. Any waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this
         -------
Agreement  shall  not  operate  as or be  construed  to be a waiver of any other
breach  of such  provision  or of any  breach  of any  other  provision  of this
Agreement.  The  failure  of a party to  insist  upon  strict  adherence  to any
provision of this Agreement on one or more  occasions  shall not be considered a
waiver or  deprive  that party of the right  thereafter  to insist  upon  strict
adherence to such provision or any other provision of this Agreement.

     11.  Successors  and Assigns.  The terms and  conditions of this  Agreement
          -----------------------
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to this  Agreement
and their respective successors and assigns.

     12. Headings.  The article and paragraph heading used in this Agreement are
         ---------
for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement

                                        6
<PAGE>

     13. Attorneys' Fees. In the event of any dispute between the parties hereto
         ----------------
arising  out of,  relating  to or  connected  with this  Agreement  or any other
agreement, document or instrument in any manner related to or connected herewith
or  therewith,  each  party  will pay own  attorney  fees no  matter  who is the
prevailing  party and who is the  non-prevailing  party.  Neither  Startcall nor
Visator can demanded attorney fees paid by either party.

     14.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in two  (2) or  more
          -------------
counterparts,  each of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     15.  Authorization.  The individuals  executing this agreement on behalf of
          --------------
the parties  hereto have been duly  authorized by the board of directors of each
respective party to excute this agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Agreement has been executed by the undersigned  parties
on the day and year first above written.

STARTCALL.COM, INC. (now known as Visator, Inc.)

By:      Antonio Treminio
  ------------------------------
         ANTONIO TREMINIO
         President

WEB INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY APS

By:     Anders Nielsen
  ------------------------------
        ANDERS NIELSEN
        President

By:     Jesper Toft
  ------------------------------
        JESPER TOFT
        Director

ARN INVEST APS

By:   Anders Nielsen
  ------------------------------
      ANDERS NIELSEN

By:   Rene Schmidt Nielsen
  ------------------------------
      RENE SCHMIDT NIELSEN

                                        7
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
