<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>a88362exv10w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.13
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.13

                       FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                  Page:        129

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                      Effective:   12-31-02

Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries   Supersedes:  12-04-01


OBJECTIVE

To provide severance compensation to eligible executives of Fluor Corporation
and designated subsidiaries collectively, the "company", who leave the company,
depending on the circumstances and conditions leading to termination.

ELIGIBILITY

Executives of Fluor Corporation and designated subsidiaries actively at work who
are participants in the Fluor Corporation and Subsidiaries Executive Incentive
Compensation Plan and who execute the required settlement and release agreement
in exchange for the severance.

DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of the Plan, the following definitions apply:

             A.   VOLUNTARY SEPARATION

                  Action taken by an executive for personal reasons, to seek
                  other employment, to accept another position, for failure to
                  return at conclusion of leave, or to voluntarily retire.

             B.   INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION

                  1.    Action taken by the company due to reduction in force
                        resulting from reorganization or reduced workload or
                        other similar circumstances whereby the executive's
                        services are no longer required on the job. Executives
                        involuntarily separated who meet the retirement
                        criteria may elect retirement.

                  2.    Action taken by the company when an executive has a
                        qualifying disability under the Americans with
                        Disabilities Act, or a similar disability statute, and
                        is unable to perform his/her essential job functions
                        with or without reasonable accommodation.

             C.   INVOLUNTARY DISCHARGE

                  Action taken by the company for reasons other than stated in
                  Paragraph B. above including but not limited to absenteeism,
                  misconduct, insubordination, appearing at work under the
                  influence of a controlled substance or alcohol, unethical
                  behavior, disclosure of confidential information, sexual
                  harassment, employment discrimination, unsatisfactory
                  performance, or violation of any company policy.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
             MANAGEMENT MANUAL



Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         130

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
               (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01


             D.   OFFICER

                  An executive who is a vice president or above of Fluor
                  Corporation, Fluor Enterprises Inc., or Fluor Constructors,
                  Inc., who participates in the Fluor Corporation and
                  subsidiaries Executive Incentive Compensation Plan.

             E.   COMPLETED YEARS OF ACCUMULATED SERVICE

                  A period of accumulated service with the company, subject to
                  the limitation set forth under Procedure, A.4.c.

             F.   BENEFICIARY

                  The beneficiary designated by the executive under the Fluor
                  Corporation Employee's Retirement Plan, or, if no such
                  designation has been made, then as designated under the Group
                  Life/Health Insurance Plan unless the executive otherwise
                  makes a beneficiary designation on the form provided by the
                  executive's corporate employer, or, in the absence of any
                  designation, the administrator or executor of the executive's
                  estate.

PROCEDURE

             A.   SEVERANCE PAY

                  1.    Voluntary Separation

                        The company will not provide severance pay nor prorated
                        Incentive Compensation (Paragraph A under
                        "Definitions").

                  2.    Involuntary Separation

                        Severance pay will be based on current base salary and
                        total completed years of accumulated service as follows:

                        a.    Officers

                           1.       Two weeks' severance pay for each completed
                                    year of accumulated service up to 52 weeks.

                           2.       Minimum eight weeks' severance.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
       MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         131

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
               (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01

                        b.    Non-Officer Executives

                           1.       Two weeks' severance pay for each completed
                                    year of accumulated service up to 26 weeks.

                           2.       Minimum four weeks' severance

                  3.       Involuntary Discharge

                        a.    The company will not provide severance pay nor
                              consider proration of Incentive Compensation
                              (Paragraph C, Definitions).

                  4.       Limitations

                        a.    Maximum severance pay will be 52 weeks for
                              officers, 26 weeks for non-officer executives.

                        b.    Minimum severance pay will be eight weeks for
                              officers, four weeks for non-officer executives.

                        c.    The total completed years of accumulated service
                              calculated for a severance payment may only be
                              used one time in severance calculations.

                        d.    For executives involuntarily separated and placed
                              on Leave of Absence in Lieu of Layoff, severance
                              pay will be based on completed years of
                              accumulated service up to the effective date of
                              the Leave of Absence.

                        e.    Officers in policy making positions who meet
                              retirement criteria will receive severance pay as
                              follows:

                           1.       Officers who meet the minimum retirement
                                    income requirement set forth by federal law,
                                    excluding any amount payable under this
                                    Plan, will receive severance pay for only
                                    the period from the date of termination
                                    until January 2 following the officer's 65th
                                    birthday subject to the limitation set forth
                                    under Procedure, A.2.a.

                           2.       Officers who do not meet the minimum
                                    retirement income requirement set forth by
                                    federal law, computed excluding any amount
                                    payable under this Plan, will receive
                                    severance pay as determined under Procedure,
                                    A.2.a.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
       MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         132

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
                 (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01


                        f.    In the case of involuntary separation due to an
                              executive's inability to perform his/her essential
                              job functions with reasonable accommodation, the
                              executive's severance pay amount will be reduced
                              by the expected entitlements under Fluor's
                              short-term and long-term disability for the number
                              of weeks determined under Procedure A.2.a and b.
                              If the actual entitlements received by the
                              employee are less than that deducted from
                              severance pay, the employee will be paid the
                              difference for the period of weeks for which the
                              employee received severance. This provision is not
                              intended to affect any state or federal benefits
                              to which the executive may be entitled.

                        g.    In cases where the executive is entitled to
                              legislated severance pay in non-U.S. countries,
                              executive's severance pay amount will be reduced
                              by any legislated severance payments required of
                              the company that are calculated with reference to
                              the number of weeks determined under Procedure
                              A.2.a and b.

                  5.    Severance pay will be paid in a lump sum, or at the
                        discretion of the company, annual installments over a
                        period not to exceed the total number of weeks
                        determined under Paragraph A.2.a. and b. above.

                  6.    In event of an executive's death prior to payment of the
                        entire entitlement, payment may be made to the
                        designated beneficiary in one lump sum or by
                        continuation of installments at the discretion of the
                        executive's corporate employer.

             B.   INCENTIVE COMPENSATION

                  (As defined in the Executive Incentive Compensation Plan,
                  Fluor Corporation and Subsidiaries Management Manual)

                  1.    Voluntary Separation

                        The company will not provide a prorated incentive award.

                  2.    Involuntary Separation

                        Incentive Compensation may be considered based on the
                        number of completed months of service during the current
                        fiscal year prior to termination and consistent with the
                        administration of the Plan during the year of
                        termination.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
       MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         133

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
                 (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01

                  3.    Involuntary Discharge

                        The company will not provide a prorated incentive award.

             C.   COMPANY AUTOMOBILES

                        In company locations where officers/directors may be
                        assigned company-owned automobiles, the following will
                        apply:

                        a.    Voluntary Separation

                              Officers/directors who voluntarily retire will be
                              presented with the automobile that is currently
                              assigned as a gift.

                        b.    Involuntary Separation

                              Officers/directors who are requested to take
                              early retirement will be presented with the
                              automobile which is currently assigned as a gift.

                        c.    Involuntary Discharge

                              Officers/directors will not be given an automobile
                              and it will not be available for purchase.

             D.   CLUB MEMBERSHIP

                  Company memberships will not be awarded to an executive
                  regardless of reason for termination.

             E.   AUTOMOBILE ALLOWANCE

                  1.    In locations where executives receive a car allowance/
                        insurance, the following will apply:

                        a.    Voluntary Separation

                              The company will not provide a car allowance/
                              insurance.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
       MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         134

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
                 (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01

                        b.    Involuntary Separation

                              The company will not provide a car allowance/
                              insurance.

                        c.    Involuntary Discharge

                              The company will not provide a car allowance/
                              insurance.

             F.   INSURANCE COVERAGE

                  Applicable insurance coverage, i.e., group health, long-term
                  disability, executive health, etc., will cease on date of
                  termination. Where applicable, departing executive may elect
                  continued coverage through the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
                  Reconciliation Act (COBRA).

             G.   TIME OFF WITH PAY (TOWP) PROGRAM

                  Balance will be paid at time of termination.

             H.   STOCK BASED AWARDS

                  1.    Voluntary Separation

                        Upon qualified retirement, awards may become 100
                        percent vested.

                  2.    Involuntary Separation

                        Upon qualified retirement, awards may become 100
                        percent vested.

                  3.    Involuntary Discharge

                        Vested portion may be exercised.

             I.   LONG TERM INCENTIVE (LTI) PROGRAM

                  Applicable cash awards under the long-term incentive program
                  will not be prorated for any reason, except death or total
                  and permanent disability.
<PAGE>
FLUOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
       MANAGEMENT MANUAL

Section:     Compensation                                 Page:         135

Subject:     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN                     Effective:    12-31-02
                 (Continued)
Applies To:  Fluor Corporation and Selected Subsidiaries  Supersedes:   12-04-01

             J.    WAIVERS

                  A settlement agreement and release form must be obtained from
                  employees in exchange for severance benefits. No severance
                  benefit will be due employees unless a settlement and release
                  agreement provided by the company has been properly and
                  timely executed.

             K.   OUTPLACEMENT

                  In-house outplacement services are available.

             L.   PLAN TERMINATION

                  This Plan will expire December 31, 2003. Any executive whose
                  employment terminates after the Plan expires, will not be
                  eligible for participation in the Plan. Further, no benefits
                  will accrue or be payable under the Plan after Plan
                  Termination.

             M.   EXCEPTION

                  Approved by the Chief Executive Officer of Fluor Corporation.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
