<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>
                        AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                        DATED AS OF JANUARY 17, 2003

                                BY AND AMONG

                    RAPIDTRON, INC., a Nevada corporation
                       (formerly THE FURNISHING CLUB)

                                     AND

           RTI ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC., a Nevada corporation

                                     AND

                   RAPIDTRON INC., a Delaware corporation

TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE 1. The Merger                                             1
  Section 1.1.                                        The Merger  1
  Section 1.2.                                    Effective Time  1
  Section 1.3.                             Closing of the Merger  2
  Section 1.4.                            Effects of the Merger   2
  Section 1.5.          Board of Directors and Officers of RPDT   2
  Section 1.6.                              Conversion of Shares  3
  Section 1.7.                          Exchange of Certificates  4
  Section 1.8.                                     Stock Options  4
  Section 1.9.        Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action  4
  Section 1.10.                       Option for Axess AG Shares  4
  Section 1.11                                         Financing  5
  Section 1.12                                           Options  5

ARTICLE 2. Representations and Warranties of RPDT and RTI SUB         6
  Section 2.1.                     Organization and Qualification     6
  Section 2.2.                 Capitalization of RPDT and RTI SUB     6
  Section 2.3.Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.   7
  Section 2.4.                  SEC Reports; Financial Statements     8
  Section 2.5.                               Information Supplied     8
  Section 2.6.              Consents and Approvals; No Violations     8
  Section 2.7.                                         No Default     9
  Section 2.8.     No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes     10
  Section 2.9.                                         Litigation     10
  Section 2.10.                    Compliance with Applicable Law     10

<PAGE>

  Section 2.11.             Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters     11
  Section 2.12.                Environmental Laws and Regulations     12
  Section 2.13.                                       Tax Matters     13
  Section 2.14.                                 Title To Property     13
  Section 2.15.                             Intellectual Property     13
  Section 2.16.                                         Insurance     14
  Section 2.17.                                     Vote Required     14
  Section 2.18.                                     Tax Treatment     14
  Section 2.19.                                        Affiliates     14
  Section 2.20.                        Certain Business Practices     14
  Section 2.21.                                 Insider Interests     14
  Section 2.22.                      Opinion of Financial Adviser     15
  Section 2.23.                                           Brokers     15
  Section 2.24.                                        Disclosure     15
  Section 2.25.                           No Existing Discussions     15
  Section 2.26.                                Material Contracts     15
  Section 2.27                                 Stockholder Claims     16
  Section 2.28                                  Knowledge of RPDT     16

ARTICLE 3. Representations and Warranties of Rapidtron.               16
  Section 3.1.                     Organization and Qualification     16
  Section 3.2.                        Capitalization of Rapidtron     17
  Section 3.3.Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation    18
  Section 3.4.                  SEC Reports; Financial Statements     18
  Section 3.5.                               Information Supplied     18
  Section 3.6.              Consents and Approvals; No Violations     18
  Section 3.7.                                         No Default     19
  Section 3.8      No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes     19
  Section 3.9.                                         Litigation     20
  Section 3.10.                    Compliance with Applicable Law     20
  Section 3.11.             Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters     20
  Section 3.12.                Environmental Laws and Regulations     22
  Section 3.13.                                       Tax Matters     22
  Section 3.14.                                 Title to Property     22
  Section 3.15.                             Intellectual Property     23
  Section 3.16.                                         Insurance     23
  Section 3.17.                                     Vote Required     23
  Section 3.18.                                     Tax Treatment     23
  Section 3.19.                                        Affiliates     23
  Section 3.20.                        Certain Business Practices     24
  Section 3.21.                                 Insider Interests     24
  Section 3.22.                      Opinion of Financial Adviser     24
  Section 3.23.                                           Brokers     24
  Section 3.24.                                        Disclosure     24
  Section 3.25.                           No Existing Discussions     24
  Section 3.26.                                Material Contracts     24

<PAGE>

  Section 3.27      Affiliate Loans; Related Party Transactions;
                                                 Accrued Salaries     25

ARTICLE 4.                                              Covenants     25
  Section 4.1.            Conduct of Business of RPDT and RTI SUB     25
  Section 4.2.                   Conduct of Business of Rapidtron     27
  Section 4.3.                                 Preparation of SEC     29
  Section 4.4.                          Meetings of Stockholders      29
  Section 4.5.                                    OTC:BB Listing      30
  Section 4.6.                             Access to Information      30
  Section 4.7.        Additional Agreements; Reasonable Efforts.      30
  Section 4.8.     Employee Benefits; Stock Option and Employee
                                                  Purchase Plans      31
  Section 4.9.                              Public Announcements      31
  Section 4.10.                                  Indemnification      31
  Section 4.11.                  Notification of Certain Matters      32

ARTICLE 5.               Conditions to Consummation of the Merger     33
  Section 5.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations to Effect
                                                       the Merger     33
  Section 5.2.              Conditions to the Obligations of RPDT     33
  Section 5.3.         Conditions to the Obligations of Rapidtron     34

ARTICLE 6.                         Termination; Amendment; Waiver     35
  Section 6.1.                                        Termination     35
  Section 6.2.                              Effect of Termination     36
  Section 6.3.                                  Fees and Expenses     36
  Section 6.4.                                          Amendment     36
  Section 6.5.                                  Extension; Waiver     36

ARTICLE 7.                                          Miscellaneous     36
  Section 7.1.      Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties     36
  Section 7.2.                       Entire Agreement; Assignment     37
  Section 7.3.                                           Validity     37
  Section 7.4.                                            Notices     37
  Section 7.5.                                      Governing Law     37
  Section 7.6.                               Descriptive Headings     38
  Section 7.7.                                Parties in Interest     38
  Section 7.8.                               Certain Definitions      38
  Section 7.9.                                Personal Liability      38
  Section 7.10.                             Specific Performance      38
  Section 7.11.                                     Construction      39
  Section 7.12.                                     Counterparts      39
  Section 7.13.                                  Confidentiality      39

SIGNATURES                                                            40
Exhibit A - Employment Agreements
Exhibit B - Use of Proceeds
Exhibit C - Replacement Notes

<PAGE>

                        AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

     This  Agreement  and  Plan  of Merger (this "Agreement"),  dated  as  of
January  17,  2003,  is  by and among Rapidtron, Inc., a  Nevada  corporation
formerly  known as The Furnishing Club ("RPDT"), RTI Acquisition  Subsidiary,
Inc.,  a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of RPDT ("RTI  SUB"),
and Rapidtron, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Rapidtron").

     Whereas,  the  Boards of Directors of RPDT, RTI SUB and  Rapidtron  each
have,  in light of and subject to the terms and conditions set forth  herein,
(i) determined that the Merger (as defined below) is fair to their respective
stockholders and in the best interests of such stockholders and (ii) approved
the Merger in accordance with this Agreement;

     Whereas, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
qualify  as  a  reorganization under the provisions of  Section  368  of  the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

     Whereas,   RPDT,   RTI  SUB  and  Rapidtron  desire  to   make   certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with  the
Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

     Now,   therefore,   in   consideration   of   the   premises   and   the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein  contained,  and
intending  to  be  legally bound hereby, RPDT, RTI SUB and  Rapidtron  hereby
agree as follows:

                                  ARTICLE I

                                 The Merger

     Section  1.1. The Merger. At the Effective Time and upon the  terms  and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with Chapter 78
of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the "NGCL"), RTI SUB shall be merged with and
into  Rapidtron  (as  defined below) (the "Merger").  Following  the  Merger,
Rapidtron  shall  continue  as  the  surviving  corporation  (the  "Surviving
Corporation"), shall continue to be governed by the laws of the  jurisdiction
of  its incorporation or organization and the separate corporate existence of
RTI SUB shall cease. Rapidtron shall continue its existence as a wholly-owned
subsidiary  of RPDT.  The officers and directors of Rapidtron shall  continue
to  serve  as  the officers and directors of Rapidtron following the  Merger.
Prior  to the Effective Time, the parties hereto shall mutually agree  as  to
the  name  of  the  Surviving Corporation; however, initially  the  Surviving
Corporation  shall be named Rapidtron USA, Inc.  The Merger  is  intended  to
qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368 of the Code as relates
to the non-cash exchange of stock referenced herein.

     Section  1.2.  Effective Time. Subject to the terms and  conditions  set
forth  in  this Agreement, a Certificate of Merger (the "Merger Certificate")
shall  be  duly executed and acknowledged by each of Rapidtron, RTI  SUB  and
RPDT,  and thereafter the Merger Certificate reflecting the Merger  shall  be
delivered  on  the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3) to  the  Exchange
Agent, who shall hold and file same with the Secretary of State of the  State
of  Nevada  pursuant to the NGCL and the Secretary of State of  Delaware  for

<PAGE>

filing pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "Delaware Law"),
only  upon  satisfaction of the contingencies set forth in Article 5  hereof.
The  Merger  shall become effective at such time as a properly  executed  and
certified  copy of the Merger Certificate is duly filed by both the Secretary
of  State  of the State of Nevada and the Secretary of State of the State  of
Delaware  or such later time as the parties may agree upon and set  forth  in
the  Merger Certificate (the time at which the Merger becomes effective shall
be referred to herein as the "Effective Time").

     Section  1.3.  Closing of the Merger. The closing  of  the  Merger  (the
"Closing")  will  take place at a time and on a date to be specified  by  the
parties,  which  shall  be  no  later than  the  second  business  day  after
satisfaction of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article  5
(the  "Closing  Date"), at the offices of Securities Law Institute,  1850  E.
Flamingo  Rd.,  Suite 111, Las Vegas, Nevada, unless another  time,  date  or
place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

     Section  1.4. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have  the  effects
set  forth  in the NGCL and the Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality
of  the  foregoing,  and  subject thereto, at the  Effective  Time,  all  the
properties, rights, privileges, powers of RTI SUB shall vest in the Surviving
Corporation,  and all debts, liabilities and duties of RTI SUB  shall  become
the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation. Concurrently,
the Surviving Corporation shall remain a wholly owned subsidiary of RPDT.

     Section  1.5.  Board  of  Directors and Officers  of  RPDT.  As  of  the
Effective Time, each of Rapidtron and RPDT agrees to take such action  as  is
necessary (i) to cause the number of directors comprising the full  Board  of
Directors  of RPDT to be three (3) persons and (ii) to cause John  Creel  and
Steve  Meineke  (the "Rapidtron Designees") to be appointed as  directors  of
RPDT.  In addition, majority stockholders of RPDT prior to the Effective Time
shall take all action necessary to cause, to the greatest extent practicable,
the  Rapidtron Designees to serve on RPDT's Board of Directors until the next
Annual  Meeting. If a Rapidtron Designee shall decline or be unable to  serve
as  a  director prior to the Effective Time, Rapidtron shall nominate another
person to serve in such person's stead, which such person shall be subject to
approval  of  the other party.  For a period of two (2) years  following  the
Effective Time, the current majority stockholders of Rapidtron shall take all
action  necessary  to  cause,  to the greatest  extent  practicable,  Hendrik
Rethwilm  (the  "RPDT  Designee") to be appointed  or  elected  to  serve  as
Director  of RPDT.  If the RPDT Designee shall decline or be unable to  serve
as  a Director for the two (2) year period following the Effective Time,  Dr.
John  Veltheer shall nominate another person to serve in such person's stead.
From  and after the Effective Time, and until successors are duly elected  or
appointed  and qualified in accordance with applicable law, John Creel  shall
be  Chief  Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, and  Steve
Meineke  shall  be  Secretary and Treasurer of  RPDT,  each  pursuant  to  an
Employment  Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.  At  Closing,
RPDT  shall  deliver  resignations signed by each of the then  existing  RPDT
Officers,  effective at the Effective Time, and the RPDT Directors, excluding
Hendrik  Rethwim,  effective upon the later of ten (10)  days  following  the
filing  of an Information Statement pursuant to Regulation 14C which includes
the  information  required  by Rule 14f-1 promulgated  by  the  SEC,  or  the
Effective Time.

<PAGE>

     Section 1.6. Conversion of Shares.

     (a)  At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value $0.001
per  share  of  Rapidtron (individually a "Rapidtron Share" and collectively,
the  "Rapidtron  Shares")  issued and outstanding immediately  prior  to  the
Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action  on  the
part of Rapidtron, RPDT, RTI SUB or the holder thereof, be converted into and
shall  become  fully  paid  and nonassessable shares  of  RPDT  common  stock
determined by dividing (i) Nine Million Six Hundred Thousand (9,600,000),  by
(ii)  the total number of shares of Rapidtron, Ten Million Fifty-two Thousand
(10,052,000),  outstanding  immediately prior to  the  Effective  Time  (such
quotient,  the  "Exchange Ratio").  Each holder of  one  or  more  shares  of
Rapidtron common stock shall receive in exchange therefor a number of  shares
of  RPDT  Shares ("RPDT Shares") equal to the product of (x)  the  number  of
shares of Rapidtron common stock owned by such holder, times (y) the Exchange
Ratio.   No  fractional shares shall be issued, and any right  to  receive  a
fractional  share shall be converted to cash at the rate of $1.00 per  share.
RPDT  Shares  and  Rapidtron Shares are sometimes  referred  to  collectively
herein  as  "Shares." By way of example, 9,600,000/10,052,000  =  0.955033824
(the Exchange Ratio). The number of shares of Rapidtron common stock held  by
a stockholder (100,000) times the Exchange Ratio of 0.955033824 equals 95,503
shares of RPDT Shares to be issued, plus $0.38.

     (b) Rapidtron hereby acknowledges that (i) the RPDT Shares have not been
and  will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 ("1933 Act")  or
under the securities laws of any state and, therefore, the RPDT Shares cannot
be  resold  unless  they  are  subsequently registered  under  said  laws  or
exemptions   from   such   registrations  are   available;   and   (ii)   the
transferability of the Shares is restricted and that a legend shall be placed
on   the  certificates  representing  the  securities  substantially  to  the
following effect:

     THE   SECURITIES  REPRESENTED  BY  THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE  NOT  BEEN
     REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933  (THE  "ACT").  THE
     SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY  NOT  BE  SOLD,
     TRANSFERRED,  ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE  OF  A
     CURRENT  AND  EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT  UNDER  THE  ACT  WITH
     RESPECT TO SUCH SHARES, OR AN OPINION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER  AND
     ITS COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE
     ACT.

     (c) At the Effective Time, each Rapidtron Share held in the treasury  of
Rapidtron,  by  Rapidtron immediately prior to the Effective Time  shall,  by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Rapidtron, RTI SUB
or  RPDT be canceled, retired and cease to exist and no payment shall be made
with respect thereto.

     (d) Concurrent with the Closing of the Merger, RPDT stockholders holding
Thirteen  Million  Nine  Hundred Forty-Three  Thousand  Seven  Hundred  Fifty
(13,943,750)  shares  of  RPDT common stock, shall tender  to  RPDT,  for  no
consideration,  all of the shares to RPDT for cancellation  and  such  shares
shall be cancelled concurrent with the Effective Time.

<PAGE>

     (e)  Concurrent  with the Closing of the Merger, RPDT  shall  amend  its
Articles  of  Incorporation  to  increase its authorized  common  stock  from
20,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares, par value $0.001.

     Section 1.7. Exchange of Certificates.

     (a)  Prior  to  the Effective Time, RPDT shall enter into  an  agreement
with,  and shall deposit with, Securities Law Institute, or such other  agent
or  agents  as  may  be  satisfactory to RPDT and  Rapidtron  (the  "Exchange
Agent"),  for  the benefit of the holders of Rapidtron Shares,  for  exchange
through  the  Exchange  Agent  in  accordance  with  this  Article   I:   (i)
certificates representing the appropriate number of RPDT Shares to be  issued
to  holders of Rapidtron Shares issuable pursuant to Section 1.6 in  exchange
for outstanding Rapidtron Shares (the "RPDT Certificates").

     (b) Effective as of the Effective Time, RPDT shall issue the RPDT Shares
to  all of the Rapidtron stockholders in accordance with Section 1.6, and  at
the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record of
Rapidtron  identified  in  the  Rapidtron  Disclosure  Schedule,   the   RPDT
Certificate   representing  the  RPDT  Shares  issued   to   such   Rapidtron
stockholder.

     (c)  In  the  event that any Certificate for Rapidtron  Shares  or  RPDT
Shares  shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange  Agent  shall
issue  in exchange therefor, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact  by
the  holder  thereof  such RPDT Shares and cash in lieu  of  fractional  RPDT
Shares,  if  any,  as  may be required pursuant to this Agreement;  provided,
however, that the Exchange Agent may require the delivery of a suitable bond,
opinion or indemnity.

     (d) No fractional RPDT Shares shall be issued in the Merger, but in lieu
thereof  each  holder of Rapidtron Shares otherwise entitled to a  fractional
RPDT Share shall receive an additional share to round up to the nearest round
number of shares.

     Section  1.8.  Stock  Options. At the Effective Time,  each  outstanding
option  to  purchase Rapidtron Shares, if any (a "Rapidtron Stock Option"  or
collectively,  "Rapidtron Stock Options") issued pursuant  to  any  Rapidtron
Stock  Option  Plan or Rapidtron Long Term Incentive Plan whether  vested  or
unvested, shall be cancelled.

     Section 1.9. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time
after  the Effective Time, Rapidtron or RPDT reasonably determines  that  any
deeds, assignments, or instruments or confirmations of transfer are necessary
or  desirable  to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to  vest  RPDT
with  full  right,  title  and possession to all  assets,  property,  rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of Rapidtron, the officers and directors of
RPDT  and  Rapidtron  are fully authorized in the name  of  their  respective
corporations  or  otherwise  to take, and will  take,  all  such  lawful  and
necessary or desirable action.

     Section 1.10.  Option for Axess AG Shares. Prior to the Effective  Time,
Rapidtron  shall  use its reasonable best efforts to ensure  that  an  option
agreement  will be in place between RPDT and the shareholders and  management
of Axess AG, whereby RPDT will have the right to acquire approximately 35% of

<PAGE>

Axess  AG's  issued  and outstanding shares, currently  held  by  Axess  AG's
management,  in exchange for 5,950,000 shares of restricted common  stock  of
RPDT.  The  option shall remain effective for 6 months from the  date  it  is
executed.

      Section  1.11.   Financing.  Within the later  of  (a)  ten  (10)  days
following the filing of the Schedule 14C to approve this transaction, or  (b)
satisfaction of all comments by the SEC to the Schedule 14C, RPDT shall cause
to  be  loaned Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) to Rapidtron pursuant
to  a  Convertible Note (the "Convertible Note"), in substantially  the  same
form  as  the  Replacement  Notes (defined in  Section  5.3(d)  below).   The
Convertible Note and Replacement Notes shall, upon Closing, be converted into
restricted  shares of common stock of RPDT at the rate of  $1.00  per  share.
Following Closing, RPDT shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to
sell  in  a private placement offering (the "Private Placement"), up  to  One
Million  (1,000,000) shares of RPDT restricted common stock at no  less  than
One  Dollar ($1.00) per share, that combined with the proceeds of the  Bridge
Notes  (defined  in  Section 5.2(f) below) and the  Convertible  Note,  shall
result  in  total  proceeds  of  at least Two Million  dollars  ($2,000,000),
pursuant  to  those  private  placement documents  and  related  subscription
agreements  previously delivered to Rapidtron.  The proceeds of  the  Private
Placement shall be available to RPDT as follows:  $250,000 within thirty (30)
days  following  Closing,  an  additional $500,000  within  sixty  (60)  days
following  Closing,  and  an  additional $250,000  within  ninety  (90)  days
following  Closing  (the  "Funding Schedule").   Provided  that  the  Funding
Schedule  is timely met, the proceeds shall be used by RPDT and/ or Rapidtron
only in accordanced with the use of proceeds set forth on Exhibit C, attached
hereto and incorporated herein (the "Use of Proceeds").  The expenses of RPDT
set  forth  in  and permitted by Section 2.8 below, shall be  paid  from  the
proceeds  of  the  Convertible Note.  For six (6) months  following  Closing,
Rapidtron  shall  deliver  to Dr. John Veltheer  a  copy  of  the  unaudited,
combined financial statements and general ledger of RPDT and Rapidtron within
fifteen  (15)  days  following the end of each month to  confirm  Rapditron's
compliance  with  the  Use of Proceeds as set forth in Exhibit  B;  provided,
however,  as  a condition to receipt of such information, Dr. Veltheer  shall
execute  a reasonable confidentiality agreement with RPDT, pursuant to  which
Dr. Veltheer shall agree not to trade any of RPDT's stock during such six (6)
month period and for thirty (30) days following receipt of the last financial
statements.

      Section 1.12  Options.  Through the calendar year 2005, employee  stock
options  granted by RPDT shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of  the  then
total  issued  and  outstanding shares of common stock of  RPDT,  on  an  as-
converted basis, and the exercise price shall be the lesser of $1.00 or  fair
market  value.  Such stock options shall vest pro rata over the period ending
December  31,  2005.  All other terms of the employee stock option  plans  in
effect  through December 31, 2005, shall be approved by unanimous consent  of
the  directors,  unless  such  other terms are otherwise  set  forth  in  the
Employment Agreements attached hereto.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE 2

             Representations and Warranties of RPDT and RTI SUB

     Each  of  RPDT and RTI SUB hereby represents, warrants and covenants  to
Rapidtron as follows:

     Section 2.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a) Each of RPDT and RTI SUB is duly organized, validly existing and  in
good  standing  under  the laws of the jurisdiction of its  incorporation  or
organization  and  has all requisite power and authority to  own,  lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or
to have such power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below) on RPDT. When used in connection with RPDT, the term "Material
Adverse  Effect"  means any change or effect (i) that  is  or  is  reasonably
likely  to  be  materially adverse to the business,  results  of  operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of RPDT, (ii) that may impair
the ability of RPDT to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the
transactions  contemplated  hereby, or (iii) that  causes  or  is  reasonably
expected to cause RPDT to spend more than $5,000.

     (b)  RPDT  has  heretofore delivered to Rapidtron accurate and  complete
copies  of  the  Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or  similar  governing
documents), as currently in effect, of RPDT and RTI SUB. Except as set  forth
on  Schedule 2.1 of the "RPDT Disclosure Schedule" attached hereto,  each  of
RPDT  and  RTI SUB is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing  to  do
business  in  each  jurisdiction in which the property is  owned,  leased  or
operated  by  it  or the nature of the business conducted by  it  makes  such
qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where  the
failure  to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing  would  not
have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT.

     Section 2.2. Capitalization of RPDT and RTI SUB.

     (a) The authorized capital stock of RPDT consists of: (i) Twenty Million
(20,000,000) RPDT Common Shares, par value $0.001 per share, of which, as  of
the  date  of  this  Agreement, Nineteen Million Nine  Hundred  Ninety  Three
Thousand  Seven  Hundred Fifty-two (19,993,752) RPDT Shares were  issued  and
outstanding, (ii) Five Million (5,000,000) RPDT Preferred Shares,  par  value
$0.001  per  share, of which, as of December 1, 2002 there were no  preferred
outstanding, and no RPDT Shares were held in treasury. The authorized capital
stock  of  RTI  SUB consists of 20,000,000 shares of common stock  ("RTI  SUB
Shares"),  of which, as of the date of this Agreement, 1,000,000 were  issued
and  outstanding.  All of the outstanding RPDT Shares and RTI SUB Shares have
been  duly  authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid,  nonassessable
and  free  of preemptive rights. Except as set forth herein, as of  the  date
hereof, there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other  voting
securities  of RPDT or RTI SUB, (ii) securities of RPDT convertible  into  or
exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of either  RPDT
or  RTI  SUB,  (iii) options or other rights to acquire from RPDT or RTI  SUB
and,  except  as  described in the RPDT SEC Reports (as  defined  below),  no

<PAGE>

obligations of RPDT or RTI SUB to issue, any capital stock, voting securities
or  securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock  or  voting
securities  of  RPDT  or  RTI SUB, and (iv) equity equivalents,  derivatives,
interests  in  the ownership or earnings of RPDT or RTI SUB or other  similar
rights (collectively, "RPDT Securities"). As of the date hereof, there are no
outstanding obligations of RPDT or its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem  or
otherwise  acquire  any  RPDT  Securities or stockholder  agreements,  voting
trusts or other agreements or understandings to which RPDT is a party  or  by
which  it  is bound relating to the voting or registration of any  shares  of
capital  stock  of  RPDT or RTI SUB. For purposes of this Agreement,  ``Lien"
means,  with  respect  to  any  asset  (including,  without  limitation,  any
security)   any  mortgage,  lien,  pledge,  charge,  security   interest   or
encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset.

     (b)  The  RPDT Shares constitute the only class of equity securities  of
RPDT registered or required to be registered under the Exchange Act.

     (c) Other than its 100% ownership of RTI SUB, RPDT does not own directly
or  indirectly  the  outstanding voting securities  or  interests  (including
membership interests) of any entity.

     (d)  Concurrent  with the Closing of the Merger, the  RPDT  stockholders
identified  on the RPDT Disclosure Schedule, holding collectively  13,943,750
shares of restricted common stock, shall tender to RPDT for cancellation  all
of  the  above  mentioned shares, each in the amount set forth  on  the  RPDT
Disclosure Schedule.

     (e)  Concurrent  with the Closing of the Merger, RPDT  shall  amend  its
Articles  of  Incorporation  to  increase its authorized  common  stock  from
20,000,000 shares to 100,000,000 shares, par value $0.001.  RPDT shall comply
at  its  sole  cost  and  expense, with Regulation 14A  or  14C,  as  may  be
applicable,  when seeking the approval of such amendment and the approval  of
this Agreement.

     Section 2.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.  RPDT
and  RTI  SUB has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute  and
deliver  this  Agreement  and  to  consummate the  transactions  contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the consummation of
the  transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly and validly  authorized
by  the  Board of Directors of RPDT (the "RPDT Board") and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of RPDT are necessary to authorize this Agreement  or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except, as referred to in
Section  2.17, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the holders  of
at  least a majority of the then outstanding RPDT Shares. This Agreement  has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by RPDT and constitutes a valid,
legal  and  binding agreement of RPDT, enforceable against RPDT in accordance
with  its terms.  Prior to Closing, RPDT shall obtain approval of the  Merger
and  the  transactions contemplated herein in accordance with Section 78.378,
et  seq.  of  the Nevada Revised Statutes, and shall deliver  the  notice  to
Stockholders required by the NGCL.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.

     (a)  RPDT  has filed all required forms, reports and documents with  the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") since  the  filing  of  its
initial  registration statement on Form 10-SB on October  6,  2000,  each  of
which  has complied in all material respects with all applicable requirements
of  the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),  and  the
Exchange   Act  (and  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated   thereunder,
respectively),  each  as  in  effect on the dates  such  forms,  reports  and
documents were filed. RPDT has heretofore delivered or promptly will  deliver
prior  to  the  Effective Time to Rapidtron, in the form filed with  the  SEC
(including any amendments thereto but excluding any exhibits): (i) its Annual
Reports on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000 and 2001,
(ii)  all  definitive  proxy  statements  relating  to  RPDT's  meetings   of
stockholders (whether annual or special) held since October 6, 2000, if  any,
and  (iii)  all other proxy solicitations, reports or registration statements
filed  by RPDT with the SEC since October 6, 2000 or any similar state agency
at  any  time  (all of the foregoing, collectively, the "RPDT SEC  Reports").
None  of  such RPDT SEC Reports, including, without limitation, any financial
statements  or  schedules  included  or incorporated  by  reference  therein,
contain  any  untrue  statement of a material fact  or  omitted  to  state  a
material  fact required to be stated or incorporated by reference therein  or
necessary  in  order  to  make  the  statements  therein,  in  light  of  the
circumstances  under  which  they  were made,  not  misleading.  The  audited
financial statements of RPDT included in the RPDT SEC Reports fairly present,
in  conformity  with generally accepted accounting principles  applied  on  a
consistent  basis  (except as may be indicated in  the  notes  thereto),  the
financial  position  of  RPDT  as of the dates thereof  and  its  results  of
operations and changes in financial position for the periods then ended.  All
material  agreements, contracts and other documents required to be  filed  as
exhibits to any of the RPDT SEC Reports have been so filed.

     (b)  RPDT  has heretofore made available or promptly will make available
to  Rapidtron  a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications
which are required to be filed with the SEC but have not yet been filed  with
the  SEC, to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously  had
been filed by RPDT with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

     (c) RPDT shall prior to the Effective Time cause its independent auditor
to  deliver  complete  audited financial statements  for  the  period  ending
December  31,  2002, ready to be filed with the Form 10-KSB (if  not  already
filed),  and a current copy of all documents in the auditor's file  regarding
RPDT, including work product, so that the new officers and directors of  RPDT
can cause the annual audit of RPDT for the year 2003 to be performed by a new
auditor  to  be  appointed by the new directors following  the  Closing.   In
addition,  RPDT  shall  obtain at its sole cost and  expense  and  cause  its
existing  accountant to provide the letter to the SEC required by  Regulation
229.304  (item  304).   At Closing, RPDT shall not have  any  outstanding  or
unpaid  liability  for  the  foregoing, except  as  disclosed  and  permitted
pursuant to Section 2.8 below.

     Section  2.5. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied  or
to  be  supplied  by  RPDT  for inclusion or incorporation  by  reference  in
connection  with the Merger (the "Information Statement") will  at  the  date

<PAGE>

mailed to stockholders of RPDT and at the times of the meeting or meetings of
stockholders  of RPDT to be held in connection with the Merger,  contain  any
untrue  statement  of  a  material fact or omit to state  any  material  fact
required  to  be stated therein or necessary in order to make the  statements
therein,  in  light  of  the circumstances under which  they  are  made,  not
misleading.  The  Information  Statement, or proxy  material  insofar  as  it
relates  to the majority consent of RPDT's stockholders for the Merger,  will
comply  as  to  form  in  all material respects with the  provisions  of  the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

     Section  2.6.  Consents and Approvals; No Violations.   At  Closing,  no
filing  with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or  approval
of, any court or tribunal or administrative, governmental or regulatory body,
agency  or  authority (a "Governmental Entity") shall be  necessary  for  the
execution  and  delivery  by  RPDT  or RTI  SUB  of  this  Agreement  or  the
consummation  by  RPDT  and RTI SUB of the transactions contemplated  hereby,
except where the failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents  or
approvals  or  to  make such filings or give such notice  would  not  have  a
Material Adverse Effect on RPDT.

     Except  as  set  forth  in Section 2.6 of the RPDT Disclosure  Schedule,
neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by RPDT  or
RTI  SUB  nor  the  consummation  by RPDT or  RTI  SUB  of  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby will (i) conflict with or result in any  breach  of  any
provision  of the respective Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or  similar
governing documents) of RPDT or RTI SUB, (ii) result in a violation or breach
of,  or  constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or  both)  a
default (or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration  or Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or  provisions  of
any  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement  or
other  instrument or obligation to which RPDT or RTI SUB is  a  party  or  by
which  any  of  its properties or assets may be bound, or (iii)  violate  any
order,  writ, injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable
to  RPDT or RTI SUB or any of its properties or assets, except in the case of
(ii)  or  (iii) for violations, breaches or defaults which would not  have  a
Material Adverse Effect on RPDT or RTI SUB.

     Section 2.7. No Default. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the  RPDT
Disclosure  Schedule,  neither RPDT nor RTI SUB  is  in  breach,  default  or
violation (and no event has occurred which with notice or the lapse  of  time
or  both  would  constitute  a breach, default or  violation)  of  any  term,
condition  or  provision of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or  Bylaws  (or
similar  governing  documents),  (ii) any note,  bond,  mortgage,  indenture,
lease,  license,  contract, agreement or other instrument  or  obligation  to
which  RPDT  or  RTI  SUB is now a party or by which any  of  its  respective
properties  or  assets  may  be bound or (iii) any order,  writ,  injunction,
decree, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to RPDT or RTI SUB or any
of  its respective properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) or  (iii)
for  violations, breaches or defaults that would not have a Material  Adverse
Effect  on  RPDT.  Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the RPDT  Disclosure
Schedule,  each  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,  license,  contract,
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which RPDT or RTI SUB is now a
party  or by which its respective properties or assets may be bound  that  is
material  to  RPDT or RTI SUB and that has not expired is in full  force  and
effect and is not subject to any material default thereunder of which RPDT or
RTI SUB is aware by any party obligated to RPDT or RTI SUB thereunder.

<PAGE>

     Section  2.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except  as
set  forth in Section 2.8 of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule, as of the date  of
this  Agreement and Closing, RPDT does not and shall not have any liabilities
or  obligations  of  any  nature,  whether  or  not  accrued,  contingent  or
otherwise, that would be required by generally accepted accounting principles
to  be reflected on a balance sheet of RPDT (including the notes thereto)  or
which  would have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT. Except as set  forth  in
Section  2.8 of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2002,  RPDT
has  not  incurred  any liabilities of any nature, whether  or  not  accrued,
contingent  or  otherwise, which could reasonably be expected  to  have,  and
there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to RPDT having  or
which  reasonably  could be expected to have, a Material  Adverse  Effect  on
RPDT.  Except  as  set forth in Section 2.8 of the RPDT Disclosure  Schedule,
since September 30, 2002, there has not been (i) any material change by  RPDT
in  its  accounting methods, principles or practices (other than as  required
after  the date hereof by concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting
principles),  (ii)  any revaluation by RPDT of any of  its  assets  having  a
Material   Adverse  Effect  on  RPDT,  including,  without  limitation,   any
write-down  of the value of any assets other than in the ordinary  course  of
business  or  (iii)  any other action or event that would have  required  the
consent  of any other party hereto pursuant to Section 4.1 of this  Agreement
had  such  action  or event occurred after the date of this  Agreement.   All
liabilities  and  potential  liabilities  of  RPDT  (except  any  de  minimus
liabilities not exceeding $500.00 in the aggregate) are set forth in  Section
2.8  of  the  RPDT  Disclosure Schedule and shall not exceed  Fifty  Thousand
Dollars  ($50,000.00) in the aggregate, and at Closing, RPDT  shall  have  no
other  liabilities  whatsoever (provided, however, Rapidtron  shall  have  no
right  to  terminate  this  Agreement  as  a  result  of  a  breach  of   the
representation and warranty contained in this sentence unless (i)  RPDT  knew
or  should have known of such liability, or (ii) such liability would have  a
Material Adverse Effect upon RPDT).

     Section 2.9. Litigation.  Except as disclosed in Section 2.9 of the RPDT
Disclosure  Schedule,  there  is  no  suit,  claim,  action,  proceeding   or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of RPDT, threatened  against  RPDT
or  any  of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or  assets
before any Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably  be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT  or  could
reasonably  be  expected  to  prevent  or  delay  the  consummation  of   the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. Neither RPDT  nor  RTI  SUB  is
subject  to any outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree which,  insofar
as  can be reasonably foreseen in the future, could reasonably be expected to
have  a  Material  Adverse Effect on RPDT or RTI SUB or could  reasonably  be
expected   to   prevent  or  delay  the  consummation  of  the   transactions
contemplated hereby.

     Section  2.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. RPDT holds  all  permits,
licenses,  variances, exemptions, orders and approvals  of  all  Governmental
Entities necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the
"RPDT  Permits"),  except  for  failures  to  hold  such  permits,  licenses,
variances,  exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have a  Material
Adverse  Effect on RPDT.  RPDT is in compliance with the terms  of  the  RPDT
Permits,  except  where the failure so to comply would not  have  a  Material
Adverse  Effect  on  RPDT. The business of RPDT is  not  being  conducted  in
violation  of  any  law, ordinance or regulation of any  Governmental  Entity
except  that no representation or warranty is made in this Section 2.10  with
respect  to Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 2.12 below) and  except

<PAGE>

for  violations  or  possible  violations  which  do  not,  and,  insofar  as
reasonably  can be foreseen, in the future will not, have a Material  Adverse
Effect  on  RPDT. No investigation or review by any Governmental Entity  with
respect to RPDT is pending or, to the knowledge of RPDT, threatened, nor,  to
the knowledge of RPDT, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention  to
conduct  the  same,  other than, in each case, those  which  RPDT  reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT.

     Section 2.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a)  Except  as  set  forth in Section 2.11(a) of  the  RPDT  Disclosure
Schedule  with  respect  to  each  employee benefit  plan,  program,  policy,
arrangement  and  contract  (including,  without  limitation,  any  "employee
benefit  plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")), maintained or contributed to  at
any time by RPDT or RTI SUB or any entity required to be aggregated with RPDT
pursuant to Section 414 of the Code (each, a "RPDT Employee Plan"), no  event
has  occurred  and  to  the  knowledge  of  RPDT,  no  condition  or  set  of
circumstances  exists  in  connection with which  RPDT  could  reasonably  be
expected  to be subject to any liability which would have a Material  Adverse
Effect on RPDT.

     (b)  (i)  No  RPDT Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title  IV  of
ERISA  or  Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each RPDT Employee Plan intended
to  qualify  under  Section 401(a) of the Code and  each  trust  intended  to
qualify  under  Section  501(a) of the Code is the  subject  of  a  favorable
Internal Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which
could reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c)  Section 2.11(c) of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule sets forth  a  true
and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds
any  RPDT  Stock Options, together with the number of RPDT Shares  which  are
subject to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which
such option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger),  the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether  such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as  an  incentive stock option within the meaning of Section  422(b)  of  the
Code,  and the expiration date of such option.  Section 2.11(c) of  the  RPDT
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive  stock
options  and  such  nonqualified options. RPDT has furnished  Rapidtron  with
complete  copies of the plans pursuant to which the RPDT Stock  Options  were
issued. Other than the automatic vesting of RPDT Stock Options that may occur
without any action on the part of RPDT or its officers or directors, RPDT has
not  taken  any action that would result in any RPDT Stock Options  that  are
unvested  becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the  execution
and  delivery  of  this  Agreement or the consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated hereby.  All such options and other employment agreements  shall
be  terminated as of Closing, and RPDT shall have no liability  to  any  such
parties except as disclosed and permitted pursuant to Section 2.8 above.

     (d)  RPDT has made available to Rapidtron (i) a description of the terms
of  employment and compensation arrangements of all officers of  RPDT  and  a
copy  of  each such agreement currently in effect; (ii) copies of all written
agreements  or a complete description of all oral agreements with consultants
who are individuals obligating RPDT to make annual cash payments in an amount
exceeding  $10,000; (iii) a schedule listing all officers of  RPDT  who  have

<PAGE>

executed  a  non-competition agreement with RPDT and  a  copy  of  each  such
agreement currently in effect; (iv) copies (or descriptions) of all severance
agreements, programs and policies of RPDT with or relating to its  employees,
except programs and policies required to be maintained by law; and (v) copies
of  all  plans, programs, agreements and other arrangements of RPDT  with  or
relating to its employees which contain change in control provisions  all  of
which are set forth in Section 2.11(d) of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule.   All
such  employment and other agreements shall be terminated as of Closing,  and
RPDT  shall  have  no liability to any such parties except as  disclosed  and
permitted pursuant to Section 2.8 above.

     (e)   There  shall  be  no  payment,  accrual  of  additional  benefits,
acceleration  of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any RPDT  Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 2.11 solely
by   reason   of  entering  into  or  in  connection  with  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (f)  There  are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge  of  RPDT,
threatened, between RPDT and any of their employees. Neither RPDT nor any  of
its  subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or  other
labor  union contract applicable to persons employed by RPDT or  any  of  its
subsidiaries  (and  neither  RPDT  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  has   any
outstanding  material  liability with respect to  any  terminated  collective
bargaining  agreement or labor union contract), nor does  RPDT  know  of  any
activities  or  proceedings of any labor union to  organize  any  of  its  or
employees.  RPDT  has  no knowledge of any strike, slowdown,  work  stoppage,
lockout or threat thereof, by or with respect to any of its employees.

     Section 2.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a)  (i)  RPDT and RTI SUB is in material compliance with all applicable
federal,  state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to pollution
or  protection  of  human  health  or  the  environment  (including,  without
limitation,  ambient  air,  surface water,  ground  water,  land  surface  or
subsurface   strata)   (collectively,  "Environmental  Laws"),   except   for
non-compliance that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on  RPDT,  which
compliance  includes, but is not limited to, the possession by  RPDT  of  all
material  permits  and  other  governmental  authorizations  required   under
applicable  Environmental Laws, and compliance with the terms and  conditions
thereof;  (ii) RPDT has not received written notice of, or, to the  knowledge
of   RPDT,   is  the  subject  of,  any  action,  cause  of  action,   claim,
investigation,  demand or notice by any person or entity  alleging  liability
under  or  non-compliance  with  any Environmental  Law  (an  ``Environmental
Claim")  that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse  Effect
on  RPDT; and (iii) to the knowledge of RPDT, there are no circumstances that
are  reasonably likely to prevent or interfere with such material  compliance
in the future.

     (b) There are no Environmental Claims which could reasonably be expected
to  have  a  Material  Adverse Effect on RPDT that are  pending  or,  to  the
knowledge  of  RPDT,  threatened against RPDT or, to the knowledge  of  RPDT,
against any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental Claim RPDT
has  or may have retained or assumed either contractually or by operation  of
law.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.13. Tax Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.13 of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule:
(i)  RPDT has filed or has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within
any  applicable  extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental  Entity
all income and other material Tax Returns (as defined herein) with respect to
Taxes  (as  defined herein) of RPDT and all Tax Returns were in all  material
respects  true,  complete and correct, except the income tax return  for  the
calendar year 2001 which shall be filed prior to Closing, and the income  tax
return  for  the  calendar  year 2002, which shall  be  filed  prior  to  the
Effective  Time; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to RPDT have been  paid
in  full  or  have been provided for in accordance with GAAP on  RPDT's  most
recent balance sheet which is part of the RPDT SEC Documents. (iii) there are
no  outstanding  agreements  or waivers extending  the  statutory  period  of
limitations  applicable to any federal, state, local  or  foreign  income  or
other  material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to  RPDT;
(iv)  to the knowledge of RPDT none of the Tax Returns of or with respect  to
RPDT  is currently being audited or examined by any Governmental Entity;  and
(v)  no  deficiency for any income or other material Taxes has been  assessed
with respect to RPDT which has not been abated or paid in full.

     (b)  For  purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Taxes" shall mean all  taxes,
charges,  fees,  levies or other assessments, including, without  limitation,
income,  gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services, capital,
transfer,  franchise,  profits,  license, withholding,  payroll,  employment,
employer health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or
other  taxes,  customs  duties, fees, assessments  or  charges  of  any  kind
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional  amounts  imposed by any taxing authority and  (ii)  "Tax  Return"
shall mean any report, return, documents declaration or other information  or
filing  required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction  with
respect to Taxes.

     Section  2.14. Title to Property. Each of RPDT and RTI SUB has good  and
defensible title to all of its properties and assets, free and clear  of  all
liens,  charges  and  encumbrances except liens for taxes  not  yet  due  and
payable  and such liens or other imperfections of title, if any,  as  do  not
materially detract from the value of or interfere with the present use of the
property  affected thereby or which, individually or in the aggregate,  would
not  have  a  Material Adverse Effect on RPDT; and, to RPDT's knowledge,  all
leases  pursuant  to which RPDT leases from others real or personal  property
are in good standing, valid and effective in accordance with their respective
terms,  and there is not, to the knowledge of RPDT, under any of such leases,
any existing material default or event of default (or event which with notice
of lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default and in respect of which
RPDT  has  not taken adequate steps to prevent such a default from occurring)
except  where the lack of such good standing, validity and effectiveness,  or
the  existence  of  such default or event, would not have a Material  Adverse
Effect on RPDT.

     Section 2.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  Each  of  RPDT and RTI SUB owns, or possesses adequate licenses  or
other  valid  rights to use, all existing United States and foreign  patents,
trademarks,  trade  names,  service  marks,  copyrights,  trade  secrets  and
applications  therefor  that  are  material  to  its  business  as  currently
conducted (the "RPDT Intellectual Property Rights").

<PAGE>

     (b)  The validity of the RPDT Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of RPDT is not being questioned in any litigation to which RPDT is  a
party.

     (c)  Except  as  set  forth in Section 2.15(c) of  the  RPDT  Disclosure
Schedule, the conduct of the business of RPDT as now conducted does  not,  to
RPDT's  knowledge,  infringe  any  valid patents,  trademarks,  trade  names,
service  marks or copyrights of others. The consummation of the  transactions
completed  hereby  will  not result in the loss or  impairment  of  any  RPDT
Intellectual Property Rights.  Rapidtron acknowledges and consents to  RPDT's
use of the corporate name Rapidtron during the term of this Agreement, and in
the  event  the  Merger  fails  to  Close  or  this  Agreement  is  otherwise
terminated,  RPDT shall immediately cease using the tradename  Rapidtron  and
shall  seek to promptly change its corporate name from Rapidtron, Inc.  to  a
dissimilar name.

     (d) RPDT has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where RPDT has elected to rely  on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section  2.16.  Insurance.  RPDT currently  does  not  maintain  general
liability or other business insurance.

     Section 2.17. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders  of  at
least  a  majority  of the outstanding RPDT Shares is the only  vote  of  the
holders  of any class or series of RPDT's capital stock necessary to  approve
and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

     Section 2.18. Tax Treatment. Neither RPDT nor, to the knowledge of RPDT,
any  of  its affiliates has taken or agreed to take action that would prevent
the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions
of Section 368 of the Code.

     Section 2.19. Affiliates. Except for Principal RPDT Stockholders ("PFS")
and  the directors and executive officers of RPDT, each of whom is listed  in
Section  2.19 of the RPDT Disclosure Schedule, there are no persons  who,  to
the  knowledge  of RPDT, may be deemed to be affiliates of  RPDT  under  Rule
1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of the SEC (the "RPDT Affiliates").

     Section 2.20. Certain Business Practices. None of RPDT, RTI SUB, or  any
directors, officers, agents or employees of RPDT or RTI SUB has (i) used  any
funds  for  unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment  or  other  unlawful
expenses  relating to political activity, (ii) made any unlawful  payment  to
foreign  or  domestic  government officials or employees  or  to  foreign  or
domestic  political  parties or campaigns or violated any  provision  of  the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), or (iii) made
any other unlawful payment.

     Section 2.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 2.21  of
the  RPDT Disclosure Schedule, no officer or director of RPDT or RTI SUB  has
any  interest  in  any  material  property, real  or  personal,  tangible  or
intangible,  including  without limitation, any  computer  software  or  RPDT
Intellectual Property Rights, used in or pertaining to the business of  RPDT,

<PAGE>

except for the ordinary rights of a stockholder.

     Section 2.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser. No advisers, as of the  date
hereof,  have  delivered to the RPDT Board a written opinion  to  the  effect
that, as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is  fair
to the holders of RPDT Shares.

     Section  2.23. Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 2.23 of the  RPDT
Disclosure  Schedule, no broker, finder or investment banker is  entitled  to
any  brokerage,  finder's or other fee or commission in connection  with  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements  made  by
or on behalf of RPDT or RTI SUB.

     Section 2.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of RPDT  or  RTI
SUB  in  this  Agreement  or  any certificate, schedule,  document  or  other
instrument  furnished or to be furnished to Rapidtron pursuant hereto  or  in
connection herewith contains, as of the date of such representation, warranty
or instrument, or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at
the  date  thereof, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary  to
make  any  statement  herein or therein, in light of the circumstances  under
which such statement is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section  2.25.  No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof,  neither
RPDT  nor  RTI SUB is engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions  or
negotiations  with  any  other  party  with  respect  to  any   Third   Party
Acquisition.

     Section 2.26. Material Contracts.

     (a)  RPDT  and  RTI  SUB has delivered or otherwise  made  available  to
Rapidtron  true, correct and complete copies of all contracts and  agreements
(and  all  amendments,  modifications and supplements thereto  and  all  side
letters  to  which  RPDT is a party affecting the obligations  of  any  party
thereunder)  to  which RPDT is a party or by which any of its  properties  or
assets  are bound that are material to the business, properties or assets  of
RPDT  taken as a whole, including, without limitation, to the extent  any  of
the  following  are,  individually  or in  the  aggregate,  material  to  the
business, properties or assets of RPDT taken as a whole, all: (i) employment,
product    design    or    development,   personal   services,    consulting,
non-competition,  severance,  golden parachute or  indemnification  contracts
(including,  without  limitation, any contract  to  which  RPDT  is  a  party
involving  employees of RPDT); (ii) licensing, publishing,  merchandising  or
distribution agreements; (iii) contracts granting rights of first refusal  or
first  negotiation;  (iv)  partnership  or  joint  venture  agreements;   (v)
agreements  for  the  acquisition, sale or lease of  material  properties  or
assets  or  stock or otherwise entered into since September  30,  2002;  (vi)
contracts  or  agreements  with  any  Governmental  Entity.  and  (vii)   all
commitments  and agreements to enter into any of the foregoing (collectively,
together with any such contracts entered into in accordance with Section  4.1
hereof,  the  "RPDT  Contracts"). RPDT is not a party  to  or  bound  by  any
severance,  golden  parachute  or  other  agreement  with  any  employee   or
consultant  pursuant to which such person would be entitled  to  receive  any
additional compensation or an accelerated payment of compensation as a result
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     (b)  Each  of the RPDT Contracts is valid and enforceable in  accordance
with  its  terms, and there is no default under any RPDT Contract  so  listed
either by RPDT or, to the knowledge of RPDT, by any other party thereto,  and
no  event has occurred that with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or
both  would  constitute a default thereunder by RPDT or, to the knowledge  of
RPDT,  any other party, in any such case in which such default or event could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT.

     (c)  No party to any such RPDT Contract has given notice to RPDT  of  or
made  a  claim against RPDT with respect to any breach or default thereunder,
in any such case in which such breach or default could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT.

     Section  2.27.  Stockholder Claims.  To the best  of  RPDT's  knowledge,
there  are  no  existing  Claims  against  RPDT  by  any  current  or  former
stockholders of RPDT.

     Section  2.28.   Knowledge of RPDT.  For purposes of the representations
and  warranties  made by RPDT pursuant to this Article 2, knowledge  of  RPDT
shall include the knowledge of all officers and directors, past and present.

                                  ARTICLE 3

                 Representations and Warranties of Rapidtron

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by Rapidtron to
RPDT  (the "Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule") or as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement,   Rapidtron  hereby  represents  and  warrants,  and  John   Creel
represents to his actual knowledge, to RPDT, as follows:

     Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a)  Each  of Rapidtron and its subsidiaries is duly organized,  validly
existing  and  in  good standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction  of  its
incorporation  or organization and has all requisite power and  authority  to
own,  lease and operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as  now
being conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in
good  standing or to have such power and authority would not have a  Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below) on Rapidtron. When used in connection  with
Rapidtron, the term "Material Adverse Effect'' means any change or effect (i)
that  is  or  is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the  business,
results  of  operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or  prospects  of
Rapidtron  and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than any  change  or
effect arising out of general economic conditions unrelated to any businesses
in  which Rapidtron and its subsidiaries are engaged, or (ii) that may impair
the ability of Rapidtron to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b)  Rapidtron  has heretofore delivered to RPDT accurate  and  complete
copies  of  the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), as currently in effect, of Rapidtron. Each of Rapidtron  and  its
subsidiaries  is  duly  qualified or licensed and  in  good  standing  to  do
business in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated
by  it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification

<PAGE>

or  licensing necessary except in such jurisdictions where the failure to  be
so  duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

     Section 3.2. Capitalization of Rapidtron.

     (a)  The  authorized capital stock of Rapidtron consists of: (i)  Twenty
Million (20,000,000) Rapidtron Common Shares, par value $0.001 per share,  of
which,  as  of December 31, 2002, Ten Million Fifty-two Thousand (10,052,000)
Rapidtron  Shares  were  issued  and  outstanding,  and  (ii)  Five   Million
(5,000,000) Rapidtron Preferred Shares, par value $0.001 per share, of which,
as  of  December 31, 2002 there were no preferred shares outstanding, and  no
Rapidtron  Shares were held in treasury. As of December 31, 2002  there  were
1,325,000  Rapidtron Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to  certain  stock
option  agreements,  all  of which will be cancelled  upon  Closing  of  this
Agreement.  All of the outstanding Rapidtron Shares have been duly authorized
and  validly issued, and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive
rights.  Except  as  set forth herein, as of the date hereof,  there  are  no
outstanding  (i)  shares  of  capital stock or  other  voting  securities  of
Rapidtron, (ii) securities of Rapidtron convertible into or exchangeable  for
shares  of capital stock or voting securities of Rapidtron, (iii) options  or
other  rights  to acquire from Rapidtron and, no obligations of Rapidtron  to
issue, any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or
exchangeable  for capital stock or voting securities of Rapidtron,  and  (iv)
equity  equivalents, interests in the ownership or earnings of  Rapidtron  or
other  similar rights (collectively, "Rapidtron Securities"). As of the  date
hereof,  except  as set forth on Schedule 3.2(a) of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule   there  are  no  outstanding  obligations  of  Rapidtron   or   its
subsidiaries  to  repurchase,  redeem  or  otherwise  acquire  any  Rapidtron
Securities  or  stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements  or
understandings to which Rapidtron is a party or by which it is bound relating
to the voting or registration of any shares of capital stock of Rapidtron.

     (b)  Except  as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule,  Rapidtron is the record and beneficial owner of all of the  issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries.

     (c)  Except  as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule,  between  January  1,  2003 and  the  date  hereof,  no  shares  of
Rapidtron's  capital  stock have been issued and no Rapidtron  Stock  options
have been granted.

     (d)  Except  as set forth in Section 3.2(d) of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule,  there  are  no  securities  of  Rapidtron  convertible   into   or
exchangeable  for, no options or other rights to acquire from Rapidtron,  and
no  other contract, understanding, arrangement or obligation (whether or  not
contingent)  providing for the issuance or sale, directly or  indirectly,  of
any  capital  stock or other ownership interests in, or any other  securities
of, any subsidiary of Rapidtron.

     (e)  The Rapidtron Shares constitute the only class of equity securities
of Rapidtron or its subsidiaries currently issued and outstanding.

     (f)  Except  as set forth in Section 3.2(f) of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule  or otherwise contemplated in this Agreement with respect  to  Axess
AG,  Rapidtron  does  not own directly or indirectly any  outstanding  voting
securities or interests (including membership interests) of any entity.

<PAGE>

     Section 3.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.

     (a) Rapidtron has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute
and  deliver  this Agreement and to consummate the transactions  contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation  of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
the  Board  of Directors of Rapidtron (the "Rapidtron Board"), and  no  other
corporate  proceedings  on the part of Rapidtron are necessary  to  authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except,
as  referred to in Section 3.17, the approval and adoption of this  Agreement
by  the  holders  of  at  least a majority of the then outstanding  Rapidtron
Shares.  This  Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered  by
Rapidtron  and constitutes a valid, legal and binding agreement of Rapidtron,
enforceable against Rapidtron in accordance with its terms.

     (b)  The Rapidtron Board has resolved to recommend that the shareholders
of Rapidtron approve and adopt this Agreement.

     Section 3.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Rapidtron's stock is not
registered  under  the Exchange Act, and Rapidtron is not  required  to  file
periodic reports under Section 12 or 15(d) thereunder.

     Section  3.5. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied  or
to  be  supplied by Rapidtron for inclusion or incorporation by reference  to
the RPDT Information Statement, 8-K or other SEC Report will, at the time  it
is  delivered to RPDT or confirmed in writing prior to filing with  the  SEC,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact  required  to  be  stated therein or necessary to  make  the  statements
therein  not  misleading,  and  none of the information  supplied  or  to  be
supplied  by  Rapidtron for inclusion or incorporation by  reference  to  the
Information Statement will, at the date mailed to stockholders of RPDT and at
the  times of the meeting or meetings of stockholders of RPDT to be  held  in
connection with the Merger, if necessary, contain any untrue statement  of  a
material  fact  or  omit  to state any material fact required  to  be  stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

     Section 3.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except as set  forth
in  Section  3.6  of  the  Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule,  and  for  filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and
other applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities  or  blue sky laws, the HSR Act, the rules of the  NASD,  and  the
filing and recordation of the Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL,  no
filing  with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or  approval
of,  any  Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery  by
Rapidtron  of  this  Agreement  or  the  consummation  by  Rapidtron  of  the
transactions  contemplated hereby, except where the failure  to  obtain  such
permits,  authorizations, consents or approvals or to make  such  filings  or
give such notice would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

<PAGE>

     Neither  the  execution, delivery and performance of this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  nor the consummation by Rapidtron of the transactions contemplated
hereby will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the
respective  Certificate  of  Incorporation or Bylaws  (or  similar  governing
documents) of Rapidtron or any of Rapidtron's subsidiaries, (ii) result in  a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, amendment,
cancellation or acceleration or Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions  or
provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,  contract,
agreement  or  other instrument or obligation to which Rapidtron  or  any  of
Rapidtron's subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any  of  their
respective  properties  or assets may be bound or (iii)  violate  any  order,
writ,  injunction,  decree, law, statute, rule or  regulation  applicable  to
Rapidtron  or  any  of  Rapidtron's subsidiaries or any of  their  respective
properties  or  assets, except in the case of (ii) or (iii)  for  violations,
breaches  or  defaults  which  would not have a Material  Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron.

     Section 3.7. No Default. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule,
none  of  Rapidtron  or  any of its subsidiaries is  in  breach,  default  or
violation (and no event has occurred which with notice or the lapse  of  time
or  both  would  constitute  a breach, default or  violation)  of  any  term,
condition or provision of (i) its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws  (or
similar  governing  documents),  (ii) any note,  bond,  mortgage,  indenture,
lease,  license,  contract, agreement or other instrument  or  obligation  to
which Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries is now a party or by which any  of
them  or  any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or  (iii)
any  order,  writ,  injunction,  decree, law,  statute,  rule  or  regulation
applicable  to  Rapidtron,  its  subsidiaries  or  any  of  their  respective
properties  or  assets, except in the case of (ii) or (iii)  for  violations,
breaches  or  defaults  that  would not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron.  Each  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,  contract,
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Rapidtron or any of  its
subsidiaries  is  now  a  party or by which any  of  them  or  any  of  their
respective  properties or assets may be bound that is material  to  Rapidtron
and  its  subsidiaries taken as a whole and that has not expired is  in  full
force  and  effect and is not subject to any material default  thereunder  of
which  Rapidtron  is  aware  by  any party  obligated  to  Rapidtron  or  any
subsidiary thereunder.

     Section  3.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except  as
and  to  the  extent  disclosed  by  Rapidtron,  none  of  Rapidtron  or  its
subsidiaries had any liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not
accrued,  contingent  or  otherwise, that  would  be  required  by  generally
accepted  accounting  principles to be reflected on  a  consolidated  balance
sheet  of  Rapidtron and its consolidated subsidiaries (including  the  notes
thereto)  or which would have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.  Except
as disclosed by Rapidtron, none of Rapidtron or its subsidiaries has incurred
any  liabilities  of  any  nature, whether  or  not  accrued,  contingent  or
otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have, and there have been no
events,  changes  or  effects with respect to Rapidtron or  its  subsidiaries
having  or  which  could reasonably be expected to have, a  Material  Adverse
Effect on Rapidtron. Except as and to the extent disclosed by Rapidtron there
has  not been (i) any material change by Rapidtron in its accounting methods,
principles  or  practices (other than as required after the  date  hereof  by
concurrent  changes  in generally accepted accounting principles),  (ii)  any
revaluation  by  Rapidtron  of any of its assets having  a  Material  Adverse
Effect  on  Rapidtron, including, without limitation, any write-down  of  the

<PAGE>

value  of  any assets other than in the ordinary course of business or  (iii)
any  other action or event that would have required the consent of any  other
party  hereto  pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement had such  action  or
event occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section  3.9.  Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule  3.9  of  the
Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule, there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or
investigation  pending or, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, threatened  against
Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or
assets  before  any  Governmental  Entity  which,  individually  or  in   the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect  on
Rapidtron   or  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  prevent  or  delay   the
consummation  of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Except  as
disclosed  by Rapidtron, none of Rapidtron or its subsidiaries is subject  to
any  outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree which, insofar as  can  be
reasonably  foreseen in the future, could reasonably be expected  to  have  a
Material  Adverse  Effect  on Rapidtron or could reasonably  be  expected  to
prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section  3.10.  Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as  disclosed  by
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  and  its  subsidiaries  hold  all  permits,  licenses,
variances,  exemptions,  orders and approvals of  all  Governmental  Entities
necessary  for  the  lawful  conduct  of  their  respective  businesses  (the
"Rapidtron  Permits"),  except for failures to hold such  permits,  licenses,
variances,  exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have a  Material
Adverse Effect on Rapidtron. Except as disclosed by Rapidtron, Rapidtron  and
its  subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Rapidtron  Permits,
except  where  the  failure so to comply would not have  a  Material  Adverse
Effect  on  Rapidtron. Except as disclosed by Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  has  not
received  written notice from any governmental entity that the businesses  of
Rapidtron and its subsidiaries are being conducted in violation of  any  law,
ordinance   or  regulation  of  any  Governmental  Entity  except   that   no
representation  or  warranty is made in this Section  3.10  with  respect  to
Environmental Laws and except for violations or possible violations which  do
not, and, insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the future will not, have
a  Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron. Except as disclosed by Rapidtron, no
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to  Rapidtron
or its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, threatened,
nor, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, has any Governmental Entity indicated  an
intention  to  conduct  the  same, other than,  in  each  case,  those  which
Rapidtron  reasonably  believes will not have a Material  Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron.

     Section 3.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a)  With  respect  to  each  employee benefit  plan,  program,  policy,
arrangement  and  contract  (including,  without  limitation,  any  "employee
benefit  plan,"  as  defined  in  Section  3(3)  of  ERISA),  maintained   or
contributed  to  at  any time by Rapidtron, any of its  subsidiaries  or  any
entity  required  to be aggregated with Rapidtron or any of its  subsidiaries
pursuant  to Section 414 of the Code (each, a "Rapidtron Employee Plan"),  no
event has occurred and, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, no condition or set of
circumstances  exists  in  connection with which  Rapidtron  or  any  of  its
subsidiaries  could  reasonably be expected to be subject  to  any  liability
which would have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

<PAGE>

     (b) (i) No Rapidtron Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of
ERISA  or  Section  412  of the Code; and (ii) each Rapidtron  Employee  Plan
intended  to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended
to  qualify  under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of  a  favorable
Internal Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which
could reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c)  Section 3.11(c) of the Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule sets  forth  a
true and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person  who
holds  any  Rapidtron  Stock Options, together with the number  of  Rapidtron
Shares  which  are subject to such option, the date of grant of such  option,
the  extent to which such option is vested (or will become vested as a result
of  the Merger), the option price of such option (to the extent determined as
of the date hereof), whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is
intended  to  qualify  as an incentive stock option  within  the  meaning  of
Section  422(b) of the Code, and the expiration date of such option.  Section
3.11(c) of the Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number
of  such incentive stock options and such nonqualified options. Rapidtron has
furnished  RPDT  with  complete copies of the plans  pursuant  to  which  the
Rapidtron  Stock  Options were issued. Other than the  automatic  vesting  of
Rapidtron  Stock Options that may occur without any action  on  the  part  of
Rapidtron  or its officers or directors, Rapidtron has not taken  any  action
that  would result in any Rapidtron Stock Options that are unvested  becoming
vested  in  connection with or as a result of the execution and  delivery  of
this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (d)  Rapidtron has made available to RPDT (i) a description of the terms
of  employment and compensation arrangements of all officers of Rapidtron and
a  copy  of  each  such agreement currently in effect;  (ii)  copies  of  all
agreements with consultants who are individuals obligating Rapidtron to  make
annual cash payments in an amount exceeding $60,000; (iii) a schedule listing
all  officers of Rapidtron who have executed a non-competition agreement with
Rapidtron and a copy of each such agreement currently in effect; (iv)  copies
(or  descriptions)  of  all severance agreements, programs  and  policies  of
Rapidtron  with  or relating to its employees, except programs  and  policies
required  to  be  maintained by law; and (v) copies of all  plans,  programs,
agreements  and  other  arrangements of Rapidtron with  or  relating  to  its
employees which contain change in control provisions.

     (e)  Except  as disclosed in Section 3.11(e) of the Rapidtron Disclosure
Schedule   there  shall  be  no  payment,  accrual  of  additional  benefits,
acceleration  of  payments,  or vesting in any benefit  under  any  Rapidtron
Employee  Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under  this  Section
3.11 solely by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (f) There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of Rapidtron
threatened,  between Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries and  any  of  their
respective  employees,  which  controversies  have  or  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron. Neither  Rapidtron
nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement
or  other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by Rapidtron or
any  of  its  subsidiaries (and neither Rapidtron nor any of its subsidiaries
has  any  outstanding  material  liability with  respect  to  any  terminated

<PAGE>

collective bargaining agreement or labor union contract), nor does  Rapidtron
know  of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any  of
its  or any of its subsidiaries' employees. Rapidtron has no knowledge of any
strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout or threat thereof by or with respect
to any of its or any of its subsidiaries' employees.

     Section 3.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a)  Except  as  disclosed by Rapidtron, (i) each of Rapidtron  and  its
subsidiaries  is in material compliance with all Environmental  Laws,  except
for  non-compliance  that  would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron,  which compliance includes, but is not limited to, the  possession
by  Rapidtron  and  its  subsidiaries  of  all  material  permits  and  other
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance  with the terms and conditions thereof; (ii) none of Rapidtron  or
its  subsidiaries  has received written notice of, or, to  the  knowledge  of
Rapidtron,  is the subject of, any Environmental Claim that could  reasonably
be  expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron; and (iii) to the
knowledge of Rapidtron, there are no circumstances that are reasonably likely
to prevent or interfere with such material compliance in the future.

     (b)  Except as disclosed by Rapidtron, there are no Environmental Claims
which  could  reasonably  be expected to have a Material  Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron  that  are  pending or, to the knowledge of  Rapidtron,  threatened
against  Rapidtron  or  any  of its subsidiaries  or,  to  the  knowledge  of
Rapidtron, against any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental
Claim  Rapidtron  or  its subsidiaries has or may have  retained  or  assumed
either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section  3.13. Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13  of  the
Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule: (i) Rapidtron and each of its subsidiaries has
filed  or  has  had  filed  on  its behalf in a  timely  manner  (within  any
applicable  extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental  Entity  all
income and other material Tax Returns with respect to Taxes of Rapidtron  and
each  of  its subsidiaries and all Tax Returns were in all material  respects
true, complete and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to Rapidtron
and each of its subsidiaries have been paid in full or have been provided for
in accordance with GAAP on Rapidtron's most recent balance sheet; (iii) there
are  no  outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory period  of
limitations  applicable to any federal, state, local  or  foreign  income  or
other  material  Tax  Returns required to be filed  by  or  with  respect  to
Rapidtron or its subsidiaries; (iv) to the knowledge of Rapidtron none of the
Tax  Returns  of  or with respect to Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries  is
currently  being audited or examined by any Governmental Entity; and  (v)  no
deficiency  for  any  income or other material Taxes has been  assessed  with
respect to Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries which has not been abated  or
paid in full.

     Section  3.14. Title to Property. Rapidtron and each of its subsidiaries
have  good  and defensible title to all of their properties and assets,  free
and  clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances except liens for taxes  not
yet  due and payable and such liens or other imperfections of title, if  any,
as  do not materially detract from the value of or interfere with the present
use  of  the  property  affected thereby or which,  individually  or  in  the
aggregate,  would  not have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron;  and,  to

<PAGE>

Rapidtron's knowledge, all leases pursuant to which Rapidtron or any  of  its
subsidiaries  lease  from  others  real or  personal  property  are  in  good
standing, valid and effective in accordance with their respective terms,  and
there  is  not, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, under any of such leases,  any
existing material default or event of default (or event which with notice  or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material default and in respect of
which  Rapidtron or such subsidiary has not taken adequate steps  to  prevent
such  a  default from occurring) except where the lack of such good standing,
validity  and  effectiveness, or the existence of such default  or  event  of
default would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

     Section 3.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  Each  of Rapidtron and its subsidiaries owns, or possesses adequate
licenses or other valid rights to use, all existing United States and foreign
patents,  trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, trade  secrets,
and  applications  therefor that are material to its  business  as  currently
conducted (the "Rapidtron Intellectual Property Rights").

     (b)  Except  as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the Rapidtron Disclosure
Schedule the validity of the Rapidtron Intellectual Property Rights  and  the
title  thereto  of Rapidtron or any subsidiary, as the case may  be,  is  not
being questioned in any litigation to which Rapidtron or any subsidiary is  a
party.

     (c) The conduct of the business of Rapidtron and its subsidiaries as now
conducted  does  not, to Rapidtron's knowledge, infringe any  valid  patents,
trademarks,   tradenames,  service  marks  or  copyrights  of   others.   The
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result  in  the
loss or impairment of any Rapidtron Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d)  Each  of Rapidtron and its subsidiaries has taken steps it believes
appropriate  to  protect and maintain its trade secrets as  such,  except  in
cases  where Rapidtron has elected to rely on patent or copyright  protection
in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section 3.16. Insurance. Rapidtron and its subsidiaries maintain general
liability  and  other  business  insurance  that  Rapidtron  believes  to  be
reasonably prudent for its business.

     Section 3.17. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders  of  at
least a majority of the outstanding Rapidtron Shares is the only vote of  the
holders  of  any  class or series of Rapidtron's capital stock  necessary  to
approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

     Section 3.18. Tax Treatment. Neither Rapidtron nor, to the knowledge  of
Rapidtron, any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action  that
would  prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under
the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section  3.19.  Affiliates.  Except  for  the  directors  and  executive
officers  of  Rapidtron,  each  of whom is listed  in  Section  3.19  of  the
Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge  of
Rapidtron, may be deemed to be affiliates of Rapidtron under Rule 1-02(b)  of
Regulation S-X of the SEC (the "Rapidtron Affiliates").

<PAGE>

     Section 3.20. Certain Business Practices. None of Rapidtron, any of  its
subsidiaries or any directors, officers, agents or employees of Rapidtron  or
any  of  its  subsidiaries has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts,  entertainment  or  other  unlawful  expenses  relating  to  political
activity,  (ii)  made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic  government
officials  or  employees  or  to  foreign or domestic  political  parties  or
campaigns  or  violated any provision of the FCPA, or (iii)  made  any  other
unlawful payment.

     Section 3.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 3.21  of
the  Rapidtron  Disclosure Schedule, no officer or director of Rapidtron  has
any  interest  in  any  material  property, real  or  personal,  tangible  or
intangible, including without limitation, any computer software or  Rapidtron
Intellectual  Property  Rights,  used in or pertaining  to  the  business  of
Rapidtron  or any subsidiary, except for the ordinary rights of a stockholder
or employee stock optionholder.

     Section 3.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser. No advisers, as of the  date
hereof, have delivered to the Rapidtron Board a written opinion to the effect
that, as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is  fair
to the holders of Rapidtron Shares.

     Section  3.23. Brokers. Except as set forth on the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule,  no  broker,  finder  or  investment  banker  is  entitled  to  any
brokerage,  finders  or  other  fee  or commission  in  connection  with  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements  made  by
or on behalf of Rapidtron.

     Section 3.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of Rapidtron  in
this  Agreement  or any certificate, schedule, document or  other  instrument
furnished  or  to  be  furnished to RPDT pursuant  hereto  or  in  connection
herewith  contains,  as  of  the  date of such  representation,  warranty  or
instrument,  or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact  or,  at
the  date  thereof, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary  to
make  any  statement  herein or therein, in light of the circumstances  under
which such statement is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section  3.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, Rapidtron
is  not  engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or  negotiations
with any other party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition.

     Section 3.26. Material Contracts.

     (a)  Rapidtron has delivered or otherwise made available to  RPDT  true,
correct  and  complete  copies  of  all contracts  and  agreements  (and  all
amendments,  modifications and supplements thereto and all  side  letters  to
which Rapidtron is a party affecting the obligations of any party thereunder)
to  which Rapidtron or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any  of
their  properties  or  assets are bound that are material  to  the  business,
properties  or  assets of Rapidtron and its subsidiaries taken  as  a  whole,
including,  without  limitation, to the extent  any  of  the  following  are,
individually  or  in the aggregate, material to the business,  properties  or
assets  of  Rapidtron  and  its subsidiaries  taken  as  a  whole,  all:  (i)
employment,  product  design or development, personal  services,  consulting,
non-competition,  severance,  golden parachute or  indemnification  contracts
(including, without limitation, any contract to which Rapidtron  is  a  party
involving  employees of Rapidtron); (ii) licensing, publishing, merchandising
or  distribution agreements; (iii) contracts granting rights of first refusal
or  first  negotiation;  (iv) partnership or joint  venture  agreements;  (v)

<PAGE>

agreements  for  the  acquisition, sale or lease of  material  properties  or
assets  or  stock  or  otherwise.  (vi)  contracts  or  agreements  with  any
Governmental Entity; and (vii) all commitments and agreements to  enter  into
any  of the foregoing (collectively, together with any such contracts entered
into  in  accordance  with  Section 4.2 hereof, the  "Rapidtron  Contracts").
Neither Rapidtron nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound  by  any
severance,  golden  parachute  or  other  agreement  with  any  employee   or
consultant  pursuant to which such person would be entitled  to  receive  any
additional compensation or an accelerated payment of compensation as a result
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b)  Each  of  the  Rapidtron  Contracts is  valid  and  enforceable  in
accordance  with  its  terms,  and there is no default  under  any  Rapidtron
Contract so listed either by Rapidtron or, to the knowledge of Rapidtron,  by
any  other  party thereto, and no event has occurred that with the  lapse  of
time or the giving of notice or both would constitute a default thereunder by
Rapidtron  or, to the knowledge of Rapidtron, any other party,  in  any  such
case  in which such default or event could reasonably be expected to  have  a
Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

     (c)  No  party  to  any  such Rapidtron Contract  has  given  notice  to
Rapidtron of or made a claim against Rapidtron with respect to any breach  or
default  thereunder, in any such case in which such breach or  default  could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron.

      Section  3.27    Affiliate Loans; Related Party  Transactions;  Accrued
Salaries.   Rapidtron expressly agrees that any outstanding loans payable  or
accrued  salary due to its officers, directors, management, employees  and/or
affiliates  shall be paid only from revenues earned by Rapidtron through  the
sale  of its products or services, or future equity investments or loans  not
contemplated  by  this  Agreement. In no event shall  Rapidton,  directly  or
indirectly,  use any of the financing proceeds described in Section  1.11  of
this  Agreement for the repayment of any outstanding loan payable or  accrued
salary due to any of the above referenced parties.

                                  ARTICLE 4

                                  Covenants

     Section  4.1.  Conduct  of  Business of RPDT  and  RTI  SUB.  Except  as
contemplated  by this Agreement or as described in Section 4.1  of  the  RPDT
Disclosure Schedule, during the period from the date hereof to the  Effective
Time,  RPDT  will conduct its operations in the ordinary course  of  business
consistent  with past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith,  with
no  less  diligence and effort than would be applied in the absence  of  this
Agreement,  seek  to preserve intact its current business organization,  keep
available the service of its current officers and employees and preserve  its
relationships  with customers, suppliers and others having business  dealings
with  it  to the end that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired
at  the  Effective  Time. Without limiting the generality of  the  foregoing,
except  as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or as described  in

<PAGE>

Section  4.1  of  the RPDT Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective  Time,
RPDT  will  not,  without the prior written consent of Rapidtron,  except  as
required to perfect this Agreement:

     (a)  amend  its  Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or  other  similar
governing instrument);

     (b)  amend  the terms of any stock of any class or any other  securities
(except bank loans) or equity equivalents, or issue any new RPDT Securities.

     (c)  split,  combine  or  reclassify any shares of  its  capital  stock,
declare,  set  aside  or pay any dividend or other distribution  (whether  in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock,  make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of  its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

     (d)  adopt  a  plan  of  complete or partial  liquidation,  dissolution,
merger,    consolidation,    restructuring,   recapitalization    or    other
reorganization of RPDT (other than the Merger);

     (e)  (i)  incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue  any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing  lines  of credit in the ordinary course of business;  (ii)  assume,
guarantee,  endorse  or  otherwise  become  liable  or  responsible  (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person.
(iii)  make  any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or  investments
in,  any  other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares  of  capital
stock of RPDT; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, tangible
or  intangible,  or  create or suffer to exist any  material  Lien  thereupon
(other than tax Liens for taxes not yet due);

     (f)  except  as may be required by law, enter into, adopt  or  amend  or
terminate  any  bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance,  termination,
stock  option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance  unit,
stock  equivalent,  stock purchase agreement, pension,  retirement,  deferred
compensation,  employment,  severance or other  employee  benefit  agreement,
trust,  plan,  fund or other arrangement for the benefit or  welfare  of  any
director,  officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner  the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee  or  pay
any  benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of  the
date   hereof   (including,  without  limitation,  the  granting   of   stock
appreciation  rights  or  performance units); provided,  however,  that  this
paragraph  (f)  shall  not  prevent RPDT from (i)  entering  into  employment
agreements or severance agreements with employees in the ordinary  course  of
business  and  consistent  with  past  practice  or  (ii)  increasing  annual
compensation  and/or  providing  for  or  amending  bonus  arrangements   for
employees  for  fiscal  2002 in the ordinary course of year-end  compensation
reviews  consistent with past practice and paying bonuses  to  employees  for
fiscal 2002 in amounts previously disclosed to Rapidtron (to the extent  that
such  compensation  increases and new or amended bonus  arrangements  do  not
result in a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to RPDT);

     (g)  acquire,  sell,  lease  or dispose of  any  assets  in  any  single
transaction  or  series of related transactions (other than in  the  ordinary
course of business);

<PAGE>

     (h)  except  as may be required as a result of a change  in  law  or  in
generally  accepted  accounting principles,  change  any  of  the  accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i) revalue in any material respect any of its assets including, without
limitation,  writing  down the value of inventory  or  writing-off  notes  or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock  or
assets)  any  corporation,  partnership or  other  business  organization  or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or  agreement  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent  with
past  practice  which  would be material to RPDT;  (iii)  authorize  any  new
capital  expenditure  or expenditures which, individually  is  in  excess  of
$10,000  or,  in  the aggregate, are in excess of $50,000; provided,  however
that  none  of  the  foregoing shall limit any capital  expenditure  required
pursuant to existing contracts;

     (k)  make  any  tax  election  or settle or compromise  any  income  tax
liability material to RPDT;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which  (i)  relates  to  the transactions contemplated  hereby  or  (ii)  the
settlement  or  compromise of which could have a Material Adverse  Effect  on
RPDT;

     (m)  commence any material research and development project or terminate
any  material research and development project that is currently ongoing,  in
either  case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts  or  in  the
ordinary course of business; or

     (n)  take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the  actions
described  in Sections 4.1(a) through 4.1(m) or any action which  would  make
any  of the representations or warranties of RPDT contained in this Agreement
untrue or incorrect.

     Section 4.2. Conduct of Business of Rapidtron. Except as contemplated by
this  Agreement  or  as described in Section 4.2 of the Rapidtron  Disclosure
Schedule  during  the  period from the date hereof  to  the  Effective  Time,
Rapidtron  will  conduct its operations in the ordinary  course  of  business
consistent  with past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith,  with
no  less  diligence and effort than would be applied in the absence  of  this
Agreement,  seek  to preserve intact its current business organization,  keep
available the service of its current officers and employees and preserve  its
relationships  with customers, suppliers and others having business  dealings
with  it  to the end that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired
at  the  Effective  Time. Without limiting the generality of  the  foregoing,
except  as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or as described  in
Section  4.2  of  the Rapidtron Disclosure Schedule, prior to  the  Effective
Time,  Rapidtron will not, without the prior written consent of RPDT,  except
as required to perfect this Agreement:

     (a)  amend its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other  similar
governing instrument);

<PAGE>

     (b)  authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit  to
issue,  sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options,
warrants,  commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or  otherwise)  any
stock  of  any  class or any other securities (except bank loans)  or  equity
equivalents  (including,  without limitation,  any  stock  options  or  stock
appreciation rights;

       (c)  split,  combine or reclassify any shares of  its  capital  stock,
declare,  set  aside  or pay any dividend or other distribution  (whether  in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock,  make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of  its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger
consolidation,  restructuring, re-capitalization or other  reorganization  of
Rapidtron (other than the Merger);

     (e)  (i)  incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue  any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing  lines  of credit in the ordinary course of business.  (ii)  assume,
guarantee,  endorse  or  otherwise  become  liable  or  responsible  (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person;
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in,
any  other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital  stock
of  Rapidtron  or  its subsidiaries; or (v) mortgage or  pledge  any  of  its
material  assets, tangible or intangible, or create or suffer  to  exist  any
material Lien thereupon (other than tax Liens for taxes not yet due);

     (f)  except  as may be required by law, enter into, adopt  or  amend  or
terminate  any  bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance,  termination,
stock  option,  stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance  unit
stock  equivalent,  stock purchase agreement, pension,  retirement,  deferred
compensation,  employment,  severance or other  employee  benefit  agreement,
trust,  plan,  fund or other arrangement for the benefit or  welfare  of  any
director,  officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner  the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee  or  pay
any  benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of  the
date   hereof   (including,  without  limitation,  the  granting   of   stock
appreciation  rights  or  performance units); provided,  however,  that  this
paragraph  (f)  shall  not  prevent Rapidtron or its  subsidiaries  from  (i)
entering into employment agreements or severance agreements with employees in
the  ordinary  course of business and consistent with past practice  or  (ii)
increasing  annual  compensation  and/or  providing  for  or  amending  bonus
arrangements for employees for fiscal 2002 in the ordinary course of  yearend
compensation  reviews  consistent with past practice and  paying  bonuses  to
employees  for fiscal 2002 in amounts previously disclosed to  RPDT  (to  the
extent that such compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements
do  not result in a material increase in benefits or compensation expense  to
Rapidtron);

     (g)  acquire,  sell,  lease  or dispose of  any  assets  in  any  single
transaction  or  series of related transactions other than  in  the  ordinary
course of business;

<PAGE>

     (h)  except  as may be required as a result of a change  in  law  or  in
generally  accepted  accounting principles,  change  any  of  the  accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i)  revalue  in  any  material respect any of  its  assets,  including,
without limitation, writing down the value of inventory of writing-off  notes
or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock  or
assets)  any  corporation,  partnership, or other  business  organization  or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or  agreement  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent  with
past  practice which would be material to Rapidtron; (iii) authorize any  new
capital  expenditure or expenditures which, individually,  is  in  excess  of
$25,000  or,  in the aggregate, are in excess of $100,000: provided,  however
that  none  of  the  foregoing shall limit any capital  expenditure  required
pursuant to existing contracts or made in the ordinary course of business;

     (k)  make any different tax election or settle or compromise any  income
tax liability material to Rapidtron and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which  (i)  relates  to  the transactions contemplated  hereby  or  (ii)  the
settlement  or  compromise of which could have a Material Adverse  Effect  on
Rapidtron;

     (m)  commence any material research and development project or terminate
any  material research and development project that is currently ongoing,  in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or except  in
the ordinary course of business; or

     (n)  take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the  actions
described  in Sections 4.2(a) through 4.2(m) or any action which  would  make
any  of  the  representations or warranties of Rapidtron  contained  in  this
Agreement untrue or incorrect.

     Section  4.3.  Preparation of SEC Filings. Prior to the Effective  Time,
RPDT  shall  at its sole cost and expense promptly prepare and,  if  required
before  the  Effective Time, file with the SEC  (a) the required  Information
Statement(s) or proxy materials to be sent to its stockholders and filed with
the  SEC  (either prior to or after Closing), and (b) the required  Form  8-K
regarding  the  transactions contemplated herein, which  documents  shall  be
subject  to  the reasonable approval of Rapidtron.  Rapidtron  shall  provide
information  reasonably requested by RPDT to complete such  documents.   RPDT
shall  pay all cost and expense thereof prior to Closing, including the  cost
of  formatting  such  documents  for EDGAR  filing.   RPDT  shall  file  such
documents timely after the Effective Time.

     Section  4.4. Meetings of Stockholders. Each of Rapidtron, RTI  SUB  and
RPDT  shall  take all action necessary, in accordance with  the  law  of  its
respective state, and its respective certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
to  (i)  duly  call,  give  notice of, convene and  hold  a  meeting  of  its
stockholders  as  promptly  as practicable, to consider  and  vote  upon  the
adoption  and  approval  of this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereby;  or (ii) receive a majority written consent of its stockholders.  The

<PAGE>

stockholder  votes required for the adoption and approval of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be the vote required by the NGCL and its
charter and bylaws (in the case of RPDT and of RTI SUB) and the Delaware Law,
and  its  charter and bylaws (in the case of Rapidtron). RPDT  and  Rapidtron
will,  through  their  respective Boards of  Directors,  recommend  to  their
respective stockholders approval of such matters.

     Section  4.5.  OTC:BB  Listing. The parties  shall  use  all  reasonable
efforts  to cause the RPDT Shares, subject to Rule 144, to be traded  on  the
National  Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) Over-the-Counter  Bulletin
Board (OTC:BB).

     Section 4.6. Access to Information.

     (a)  Between  the  date hereof and the Effective Time,  RPDT  will  give
Rapidtron  and its authorized representatives, and Rapidtron will  give  RPDT
and  its  authorized  representatives, reasonable access  to  all  employees,
plants, offices, warehouses and other facilities and to all books and records
of  itself  and its subsidiaries, will permit the other party  to  make  such
inspections as such party may reasonably require and will cause its  officers
and  those of its subsidiaries to furnish the other party with such financial
and  operating  data and other information with respect to the  business  and
properties of itself and its subsidiaries as the other party may from time to
time reasonably request.

     (b)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, RPDT shall  furnish
to  Rapidtron,  and Rapidtron will furnish to RPDT, within 25  business  days
after the end of each quarter, quarterly statements prepared by such party in
conformity  with  its past practices as of the last day of  the  period  then
ended.

     (c)  Each of the parties hereto will hold and will cause its consultants
and advisers to hold in confidence all documents and information furnished to
it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     Section 4.7. Additional Agreements, Reasonable Efforts. Subject  to  the
terms  and  conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees  to
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and  to
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable
under  applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make  effective  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, including, without  limitation,
(i)  cooperating  in the preparation and filing of the Information  Statement
and  the  8-K,  any filings that may be required under the HSR Act,  and  any
amendments  to any thereof; (ii) obtaining consents of all third parties  and
Governmental Entities necessary, proper or advisable for the consummation  of
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) contesting any  legal
proceeding  relating to the Merger and (iv) the execution of  any  additional
instruments  necessary  to consummate the transactions  contemplated  hereby.
Subject  to  the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Rapidtron  and  RPDT
agree  to use all reasonable efforts to cause the Effective Time to occur  as
soon  as  practicable after the stockholder votes with respect to the Merger.
In  case at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary

<PAGE>

to  carry  out  the  purposes  of this Agreement,  the  proper  officers  and
directors of each party hereto shall take all such necessary action.

     Section  4.8.  Employee  Benefits; Stock Option  and  Employee  Purchase
Plans. It is the parties' present intent to provide after the Effective  Time
to  employees of Rapidtron employee benefit plans (other than stock option or
other plans involving the potential issuance of securities of RPDT) which, in
the  aggregate,  are  not  less favorable than those  currently  provided  by
Rapidtron. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein  shall  be
construed as requiring the parties to continue any specific employee  benefit
plans.

     Section  4.9.  Public  Announcements. Subject  to  Section  7.13  below,
Rapidtron, RTI SUB and RPDT will consult with one another before issuing  any
press  release or otherwise making any public statements with respect to  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, including, without  limitation,
the  Merger,  and  shall not issue any such press release or  make  any  such
public  statement prior to such consultation, except as may  be  required  by
applicable law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement  with  the
NASD  Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (OTC:BB) as determined by Rapidtron  or
RPDT.

     Section 4.10. Indemnification.

     (a) Subject to subparagraph (e) below, to the extent not provided by  an
existing  right  under one of the parties' directors and  officers  liability
insurance  policies, from and after the Effective Time through six (6)  years
following  Closing, RPDT shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law,  indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hue Do, Hendrik Rethwilm,  and  Dr.
John  Veltheer  in  each  such person's capacity as a  director,  officer  or
employee of RPDT prior to Closing (each, an "Indemnified Party") against  all
losses, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), claims,
damages  or  liabilities or, subject to the proviso of  the  next  succeeding
sentence,  amounts  paid in settlement arising out of  actions  or  omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and asserted or claimed after the
Effective Time (each, a "Claim"), that are in whole or in part based  on,  or
arising  out  of the fact that such person is or was a director,  officer  or
employee  of RPDT. In the event of any such loss, expense, claim,  damage  or
liability (whether or not arising before the Effective Time), (i) RPDT  shall
pay  the  reasonable fees and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified
Parties,  which  counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to  RPDT,  promptly
after  statements  therefor  are  received  and  otherwise  advance  to   the
Indemnified  Parties  upon  request  reimbursement  of  documented   expenses
reasonably incurred, in either case to the extent not prohibited by the  NGCL
or  its  certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) RPDT will cooperate  in
the  defense  of any such matter and (iii) any determination required  to  be
made with respect to whether an Indemnified Party's conduct complies with the
standards set forth under the NGCL and RPDT's certificate of incorporation or
bylaws  shall be made by independent counsel mutually acceptable to RPDT  and
such Indemnified Party; provided, however, that RPDT shall not be liable  for
any  settlement effected without its written consent (which consent shall not
be  unreasonably withheld). The Indemnified Parties may retain only  one  law
firm  with respect to each related matter except to the extent there  is,  in
the opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Parties, under applicable standards
of  professional conduct, conflict on any significant issue between positions
of any two or more Indemnified Parties.

<PAGE>

       (b)  In  the  event  RPDT  or  any of its successors  or  assigns  (i)
consolidates  with  or  merges into any other person and  shall  not  be  the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity such consolidation or merger or
(ii)  transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to  any
person, then and in either such case, proper provision shall be made so  that
the successors and assigns of RPDT shall assume the obligations set forth  in
this Section 4.10.

     (c)  To the fullest extent permitted by law and the Bylaws in effect  on
the  date  hereof,  from  and  after  the  Effective  Time,  all  rights   to
indemnification now existing in favor of the employees, agents, directors  or
officers  of RPDT and Rapidtron and their subsidiaries with respect to  their
activities  as  such prior to the Effective Time, as provided in  RPDT's  and
Rapidtron's  certificate of incorporation or bylaws, in effect  on  the  date
thereof  or otherwise in effect on the date hereof, shall survive the  Merger
and  shall  continue in full force and effect for a period of six years  from
the Effective Time.

     (d)  The  provisions of this Section 4.10 are intended  to  be  for  the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his  or  her
heirs and his or her representatives.

     (e)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.10,  no
Indemnified Party shall be indemnified, defended or held harmless if  any  of
the  facts  upon  which  a  Claim  is  based  results  in  a  breach  of  any
representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement or otherwise
would  have  resulted  in a breach of this Agreement if  such  provision  had
survived  Closing, and in no event shall the total amount paid by RPDT  as  a
result  of this Section 4.10 exceed the amount of proceeds actually  received
by  RPDT  from  the  Bridge  Notes,  the Convertible  Note  and  the  Private
Placement.

     Section 4.11. Notification of Certain Matters. The parties hereto  shall
give  prompt  notice  to  the  other  parties,  of  (i)  the  occurrence   or
nonoccurrence of any event the occurrence or nonoccurrence of which would  be
likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to
be  untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at or prior to the Effective
Time,  (ii) any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy  any
covenant,  condition  or agreement to be complied with  or  satisfied  by  it
hereunder, (iii) any notice of, or other communication relating to, a default
or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default,
received by such party or any of its subsidiaries subsequent to the  date  of
this  Agreement  and  prior  to the Effective Time,  under  any  contract  or
agreement  material  to  the financial condition, properties,  businesses  or
results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole  to
which  such  party or any of its subsidiaries is a party or is subject,  (iv)
any  notice  or  other communication from any third party alleging  that  the
consent  of  such  third party is or may be required in connection  with  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, or  (v)  any  material  adverse
change  in  their  respective  financial condition,  properties,  businesses,
results  of  operations  or prospects taken as a whole,  other  than  changes
resulting  from  general  economic conditions; provided,  however,  that  the
delivery  of  any notice pursuant to this Section 4.11 shall  not  cure  such
breach  or non-compliance or limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE 5

                  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

     Section  5.1.  Conditions  to Each Party's  Obligations  to  Effect  the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the  Merger
are  subject  to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective  Time  of  the
following conditions:

     (a) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of RPDT, RTI SUB and Rapidtron;

     (b)  no  statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree,  ruling  or
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced  by  any
United  States  court  or  Governmental Entity  which  prohibits,  restrains,
enjoins or restricts the consummation of the Merger; and

     (c)  any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall
have  terminated or expired, and any other governmental or regulatory notices
or  approvals  required with respect to the transactions contemplated  hereby
shall have been either filed or received.

     Section  5.2.  Conditions to the Obligations of RPDT. The obligation  of
RPDT  to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to  the
Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a) the representations of Rapidtron and its directors contained in this
Agreement  or in any other document delivered pursuant hereto shall  be  true
and  correct (except to the extent that the breach thereof would not  have  a
Material  Adverse Effect on Rapidtron) at and as of the Effective  Time  with
the  same  effect as if made at and as of the Effective Time (except  to  the
extent such representations specifically related to an earlier date, in which
case such representations shall be true and correct as of such earlier date),
and  at  the Closing Rapidtron shall have delivered to RPDT a certificate  to
that effect;

     (b)  each  of the covenants and obligations of Rapidtron to be performed
at or before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall
have  been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective
Time  and at the Closing Rapidtron shall have delivered to RPDT a certificate
to that effect;

       (c)  Rapidtron  shall have obtained the consent or  approval  of  each
person  whose  consent or approval shall be required in order to  permit  the
Merger as relates to any obligation, right or interest of Rapidtron under any
loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement
or  instrument,  except those for which failure to obtain such  consents  and
approvals  would not, in the reasonable opinion of RPDT, individually  or  in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron;

     (d) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect  to
Rapidtron or its subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Rapidtron; and

<PAGE>

     (e)  RPDT shall have received an executed copy of an option agreement(s)
between RPDT and the shareholders and management of Axess AG, an affiliate of
Rapidtron, for the purchase of 35% of Axess AG's common stock in exchange for
5,950,000 shares of RPDT's restricted common stock.

     Section  5.3. Conditions to the Obligations of Rapidtron. The obligation
of Rapidtron to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at or prior
to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of RPDT and RTI SUB contained in this Agreement
and  the  officer's  certificate or in any other document delivered  pursuant
hereto  shall  be  true  and correct (except to the extent  that  the  breach
thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT and RTI SUB) at  and
as  of  the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at and as  of  the
Effective  Time  (except  to  the  extent such  representations  specifically
related to an earlier date, in which case such representations shall be  true
and  correct  as of such earlier date), and at the Closing RPDT and  RTI  SUB
shall have delivered to Rapidtron a certificate to that effect;

     (b)  each  of the covenants and obligations of RPDT and RTI  SUB  to  be
performed  at  or  before the Effective Time pursuant to the  terms  of  this
Agreement  shall  have  been duly performed in all material  respects  at  or
before  the  Effective Time and at the Closing RPDT and RTI  SUB  shall  have
delivered to Rapidtron a certificate to that effect; and

     (c) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect  to
RPDT  and  RTI  SUB having or which could reasonably be expected  to  have  a
Material Adverse Effect on RPDT and RTI SUB.

     (d)  Rapidtron shall have received from the holder thereof a replacement
note  (each, a "Replacement Note") duly executed by Rapidtron and  the  payee
and holder of each Bridge Note (defined below) in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit  C, replacing the following promissory notes (each, a "Bridge Note"):
(i)  Promissory  Note  dated  October 31, 2002 in  the  principal  amount  of
$180,000.00,  made  by  Rapidtron payable to an unrelated  third  party  (the
"Investor");  (ii) Promissory Note dated November 7, 2002  in  the  principal
amount  of  $70,000,  payable to the Investor; (iii)  Promissory  Note  dated
November  26,  2002  in  the  principal amount of  $80,000,  payable  to  the
Investor;  (iv)  Promissory Note, dated January 3,  2003,  in  the  principal
amount  of  $100,000, payable to RPDT, together with the  related  Promissory
Note,  dated  January  2,  2003, in the principal amount  of  $100,000,  made
payable  to  a separate unrelated third party; and (v) Promissory Note  dated
January  7, 2003 in the principal amount of $70,000, payable to the Investor,
together  with the original Bridge Notes duly cancelled and marked "Replaced"
by the holder thereof.

     (e)    Rapidtron  shall  have  received  the  principal  amount  of  the
Convertible Note.

     (f) Rapidtron shall have received a complete list of all stockholders of
RPDT  that approved this Agreement and all stockholders that did not vote  in
favor  of  approving this Agreement (each, a "Dissenting  Stockholder").   If
there  are  one  or  more Dissenting Stockholders, then in  addition  to  the
foregoing list, RPDT shall have deposited in a separate account in  the  name

<PAGE>

of  RPDT (the "Post-Closing Escrow Account"), one (1) dollar ($1.00) for each
share  of stock held by the Dissenting Stockholders, which sum shall be  held
and  used  by  RPDT only to contest, defend, pay or otherwise satisfy  claims
made under Sections 78.378 through 78.320 and Section 92A.300 through 92A.500
of  the  Nevada Revised Statutes or similar laws, until such time  that  such
claims are satisfied or have otherwise expired.

                                  ARTICLE 6

                       Termination; Amendment; Waiver

     Section  6.1.  Termination. This Agreement may  be  terminated  and  the
Merger  may  be  abandoned at any time prior to the Effective  Time,  whether
before  or  after  approval  and adoption of  this  Agreement  by  RPDT's  or
Rapidtron's stockholders:

     (a) by mutual written consent of RPDT and Rapidtron;

     (b)  by Rapidtron or RPDT if (i) any court of competent jurisdiction  in
the  United  States or other Governmental Entity shall have  issued  a  final
order,  decree  or  ruling  or  taken any  other  final  action  restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, decree,  ruling
or  other action is or shall have become nonappealable or (ii) the Merger has
not  been consummated by March 31, 2003; provided, however, that no party may
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (ii) if such party's failure
to  fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement shall have  been  the
reason  that  the Effective Time shall not have occurred on  or  before  said
date;

     (c)  by RPDT if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or  warranty on the part of Rapidtron set forth in this Agreement, or if  any
representation or warranty of Rapidtron shall have become untrue,  in  either
case  such that the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a) would be incapable
of  being satisfied by March 31, 2003 (or as otherwise extended), (ii)  there
shall have been a breach by Rapidtron of any of their respective covenants or
agreements  hereunder  having  a  Material Adverse  Effect  on  Rapidtron  or
materially  adversely affecting (or materially delaying) the consummation  of
the  Merger,  and  Rapidtron, as the case may be, has not cured  such  breach
within 20 business days after notice by RPDT thereof, provided that RPDT  has
not  breached  any  of its obligations hereunder, or (iii)  RPDT  shall  have
convened a meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have
failed to obtain the requisite vote of its stockholders;

     (d)  by  Rapidtron  if  (i)  there shall  have  been  a  breach  of  any
representation  or warranty on the part of RPDT set forth in this  Agreement,
or  if  any  representation or warranty of RPDT shall have become untrue,  in
either  case  such that the conditions set forth in Section 5.3(a)  would  be
incapable  of  being satisfied by March 31, 2003 (or as otherwise  extended),
(ii)  there  shall have been a breach by RPDT of its covenants or  agreements
hereunder  having  a Material Adverse Effect on RPDT or materially  adversely
affecting (or materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and  RPDT,
as  the  case  may be, has not cured such breach within twenty business  days

<PAGE>

after  notice by Rapidtron thereof, provided that Rapidtron has not  breached
any  of its obligations hereunder, (iii) the RPDT Board shall have withdrawn,
modified or changed its approval or recommendation of this Agreement  or  the
Merger  or  shall  have failed to call, give notice of,  convene  or  hold  a
stockholders'  meeting  to vote upon the Merger, or shall  have  adopted  any
resolution  to  effect  any of the foregoing, or (iv)  Rapidtron  shall  have
convened a meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have
failed to obtain the requisite vote of its stockholders.

     (e)   Upon  receipt of the proceeds of the Convertible  Note,  Rapidtron
shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
6.1  except  in  the event of a material breach by RPDT of  any  covenant  or
condition set forth in Section 5.1 or Section 5.3 above.

     Section 6.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination  and
abandonment  of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1, this Agreement  shall
terminate and be of no further force or effect, without any liability on  the
part  of  any  party  hereto  or  its  affiliates,  directors,  officers   or
shareholders,  other  than the provisions of this Section  6.2  and  Sections
4.6(c)  and  6.3 hereof. Nothing contained in this Section 6.2 shall  relieve
any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement.

     Section 6.3. Fees and Expenses. Except as specifically set forth in  and
permitted  by  Section 2.8 above, each party shall bear its own  expenses  in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,  and
RPDT shall satisfy all liability for such expenses prior to Closing.

     Section 6.4. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by action taken by
RPDT and Rapidtron at any time before or after approval of the Merger by  the
stockholders of RPDT and Rapidtron (if required by applicable law) but, after
any such approval, no amendment shall be made which requires the approval  of
such  stockholders under applicable law without such approval. This Agreement
may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the
parties hereto.

     Section 6.5. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
each  party hereto may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of  the
obligations or other acts of any other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies  in
the representations and warranties of any other party contained herein or  in
any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto or (iii) waive
compliance  by  any  other  party with any of the  agreements  or  conditions
contained herein. Any agreement on the part of any party hereto to  any  such
extension  or  waiver shall be valid only if set forth in  an  instrument  in
writing  signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party  hereto  to
assert  any  of  its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver  of  such
rights.

                                  ARTICLE 7

                                Miscellaneous

     Section   7.1.  Nonsurvival  of  Representations  and  Warranties.   The
representations  and  warranties made herein shall  not  survive  beyond  the
Effective Time or a termination of this Agreement. This Section 7.1 shall not
limit  any  covenant or agreement of the parties hereto which  by  its  terms
requires performance after the Effective Time.

<PAGE>

     Section   7.2.   Entire  Agreement;  Assignment.  This   Agreement   (a)
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with  respect  to
the  subject  matter  hereof and supersedes all other  prior  agreements  and
understandings both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the
subject  matter hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of  law  or
otherwise.

     Section  7.3.  Validity.  If any provision of  this  Agreement,  or  the
application  thereof  to  any  person or circumstance,  is  held  invalid  or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application  of  such
provision  to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected  thereby,
and to such end, the provisions of this Agreement are agreed to be severable.

     Section  7.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and  other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed  to  have  been  duly given upon receipt) by delivery  in  person,  by
facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested), to each other party as follows:

If to Rapidtron:    Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Ave., Bldg. Q
                    Costa Mesa, CA 92626

with a copy to:     Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave.
                    Suite 700
                    Irvine, California 92612
                    Attn: Raymond A. Lee, Esq.

If to RPDT:         Rapidtron, Inc.
                    800 N. Rainbow Blvd.
                    Suite 208
                    Las Vegas, NV 89107-1103

with a copy to:     Stoecklein Law Group
                    Donald J. Stoecklein, Esq.
                    Suite 400
                    402 West Broadway
                    San Diego, California 92101

or  to  such  other address as the person to whom notice is  given  may  have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.

     Section  7.5.  Governing Law. Except to the extent the  actions  of  the
parties  are  specifically governed by the provisions  of  the  NGCL  or  the
Delaware Law, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of
conflicts of law thereof.

<PAGE>

     Section  7.6. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings herein  are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     Section  7.7. Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding  upon
and  inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and its successors  and
permitted  assigns, and except as provided in Sections 4.9 and 4.11,  nothing
in  this  Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer  upon
any  other  person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature  whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement.

     Section  7.8.  Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this  Agreement,
the term:

     (a)  "affiliate" means (except as otherwise provided in  Sections  1.10,
5.2(e),  2.19,  3.19 and 4.13) a person that directly or indirectly,  through
one  or  more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under  common
control with, the first mentioned person;

     (b)  "business  day" means any day other than a day on which  Nasdaq  is
closed;

     (c)  "capital  stock" means common stock, preferred  stock,  partnership
interests,  limited liability company interests or other ownership  interests
entitling  the  holder thereof to vote with respect to matters involving  the
issuer thereof;

     (d)  "knowledge"  or  "known"  means, with  respect  to  any  matter  in
question,  if  an executive officer of RPDT or Rapidtron or its subsidiaries,
as the case may be, has actual knowledge of such matter;

     (e)  "person"  means  an individual, corporation,  partnership,  limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization  or  other
legal entity; and

     (f)  "subsidiary"  or  "subsidiaries" of RPDT, Rapidtron  or  any  other
person,  means  any  corporation,  partnership,  limited  liability  company,
association, trust, unincorporated association or other legal entity of which
RPDT, Rapidtron or any such other person, as the case may be (either alone or
through or together with any other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly,
50% or more of the capital stock, the holders of which are generally entitled
to vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of
such corporation or other legal entity.

     Section 7.9. Personal Liability. This Agreement shall not create  or  be
deemed  to create or permit any personal liability or obligation on the  part
of  any  direct  or indirect stockholder of RPDT, Rapidtron or  any  officer,
director, employee, agent, representative or investor of any party hereto.

     Section  7.10. Specific Performance. The parties hereby acknowledge  and
agree  that the failure of any party to perform its agreements and  covenants
hereunder, including its failure to take all actions as are necessary on  its
part to the consummation of the Merger, will cause irreparable injury to  the
other  parties for which damages, even if available, will not be an  adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each party hereby consents to the issuance of injunctive

<PAGE>

relief  by any court of competent jurisdiction to compel performance of  such
party's  obligations  and  to the granting by any  court  of  the  remedy  of
specific performance of its obligations hereunder.

     Section     7.11.    Construction.  RPDT and Rapidtron have participated
jointly  in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement.  In the event  an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, the Agreement shall
be  construed  as  if drafted jointly by the parties and  no  presumption  or
burden  of  proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue  of
the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

     Section  7.12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed  in  one  or
more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but  all
of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     Section  7.13.   Confidentiality.  RPDT, RTI SUB  and  Rapidtron  hereto
agree  that  the  existence and terms of this Agreement are confidential  and
that if this Agreement is terminated, the parties shall return to one another
any  and  all  financial, technical and business documents delivered  to  the
other  party  or parties in connection with the negotiation and execution  of
this  Agreement.  Each party shall keep the terms of this Agreement  and  all
information  and  documents  received from or regarding  the  other  and  the
contents  thereof  confidential and not utilize nor reveal or  release  same;
provided, however, RPDT may disclose such information to the extent  required
by law to maintain the currency of RPDT's filings with the SEC.  Prior to the
Closing,  RPDT  shall cooperate with Rapidtron regarding  any  disclosure  of
information  about  Rapidtron and its business and  shall  not  disclose  any
proprietary information that by law is not required to be disclosed  at  that
time  or  absent any voluntary disclosures by RPDT.  Prior to  the  Effective
Time, neither party shall issue any press release regarding this Agreement or
the content thereof except as approved in writing by RPDT and Rapidtron.  The
parties agree that following execution of this Agreement, RPDT shall issue  a
press  release at its sole cost and expense regarding the execution  of  this
Agreement,  the  nature  of  the transactions contemplated  herein,  and  the
conditions  to Closing that must be satisfied.  Such press release  shall  be
approved in writing by Rapidtron prior to release.


                          SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW

<PAGE>

     In  Witness Whereof, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on its behalf as of the day and year first above written.

RPDT:                                     RTI SUB:

Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation     RTI Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc.
(formerly The Furnishing Club)


     By: _____________________________    By: _______________________
     Name: Dr. John Veltheer              Name: Dr. John Veltheer
     Title: President                     Title: President

Rapidtron:

     Rapidtron Inc., a Delaware corporation


     By: ____________________________
     Name: John Creel
     Title: President


<PAGE>

                    RPDT and RTI SUB DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 2.1   Organization             See Amended Articles/Bylaws/Minutes

Schedule 2.2(d) Capitalization/Return of Shares

     Concurrent  with  the  Closing of the Merger,  the  following  RPDT
     stockholders  shall  tender to RPDT, for  cancellation,  13,943,750
     shares of restricted common stock in the amounts set forth below:

               Stockholder               Number of Shares

        TODD REAM                            7,500,000
        HUE DO                               2,500,000
        TIM DO                               2,500,000
        ANT, INC.                            1,443,750

                  TOTAL                     13,943,750

Schedule 2.6   Consents & Approvals          None Required

Schedule 2.7   No Default                    None Exist

Schedule 2.8   No Undisclosed Liability

     Since  the filing of RPDT's 10-QSB for the quarter ending September
     30, 2002, RPDT has incurred the following liabilities:

                Liability                     Amount

        Note payable Top View,               $100,000
        AG*
        Stoecklein Law Group                  $15,000
        Securities Law Institute              $1,800
        G. Brad Beckstead CPA                  $500
        Big Sky Management**                  $5,736
        Iridium Capital Inc.**                $9,561

                  TOTAL                      $132,597

     *    Top  View Note shall be converted into restricted  common
          stock of RPDT at $1.00 per share.
     **   These  liabilities  are listed in U.S.  dollars  but  are
          payable  in  Canadian  dollars.  Therefore,  the  amounts
          payable are subject to exchange rate fluctuation.

     The  above  referenced liabilities, other than the Top  View  Note,
     shall  be  paid from the proceeds of the Convertible Note  and  any
     additional   liabilities  incurred  from  the  date   hereof   (the
     "Reserve")  shall  not, together with those  listed  above,  exceed
     $50,000 in the aggregate.

<PAGE>

Schedule 2.9   Litigation                    None Exist


Schedule 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans         Section 2.11(a) None Exist

                                   Section 2.11(b) No Benefit Plan Exist

                                   Section 2.11( c)No Options Exist

                                   Section   2.11(d)  No  Change  in  control
                                   Agreements Exist

Schedule 2.12 Environmental Laws and Regs    Not Applicable

Schedule 2.13 Tax Matters

     12/31/2001 Tax return to be filed prior to Closing
     12/31/2002 Tax return to be filed prior to the Effective Time

Schedule 2.15(c) Intellectual Property

     RPDT is currently using the corporate name Rapidtron, Inc.. In  the
     event  the  Merger  fails to Close or this Agreement  is  otherwise
     terminated,  RPDT  shall  immediately  cease  using  the  tradename
     Rapidtron,  Inc.  and shall seek to promptly change  its  corporate
     name from Rapidtron, Inc. to a dissimilar name.

Schedule 2.19 Affiliates

     Hue Do:             prior officer/director and 10% stockholder
     Tim Do:             10% stockholder
     Todd Ream:          10% stockholder
     Dr. John Veltheer:  current sole officer and a director
     Hendrik Rethwilm:   current director

Schedule 2.21 Insider Interests              None Exist

Schedule 2.23 Brokers

     RPDT  acknowledges  the  existence of the finder's  fee  agreements
     payable  by Rapidtron, as described in Schedule 3.23 of Rapidtron's
     Disclosure Schedule, and shall issue the required 400,000 shares of
     restricted common stock, upon Closing, to the respective Finders.

Schedule 4.1 Conduct of Business

     See Form 10-QSB filed 11/14/2002 and Form 10-KSB filed 2/20/2002

<PAGE>

                        RAPIDTRON DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 3.1(b) Organization and Qualification

     Rapidtron  is  qualified  to  do business in  Delaware  and  California.
     Rapidtron  is performing services in Colorado, Nevada, New  York,  Utah,
     Illinois,  Pennsylvania  and Florida, pursuant to  contracts  previously
     disclosed  to  RPDT.  Rapidtron may need to qualify to  do  business  in
     these jurisdictions as a result.

Schedule 3.2(a) Obligations of Rapidtron     See Schedule 3.11(c)

Schedule 3.2(b) Subsidiary Stock             Not applicable

Schedule 3.2(c) Capital Stock Rights         None

Schedule 3.2(d) Securities conversions       1,325,000 options

Schedule 3.2 (f) Subsidiaries                None

Schedule 3.6 Consents & Approvals

     Need  consent  of  vested  options holders  to  terminate  options  (see
     Schedule 3.11(c))

Schedule 3.7 No Default

     From  the  period  10-01-02 through 01-16-03,  Rapidtron  did  not  have
     worker's compensation insurance coverage

Schedule 3.8 No Undisclosed Liability

     Payables to affiliates and independent contractors of $637,046.29 as of
     12-31-02 (including some amounts disclosed in unaudited financial
     statements for the period ending 09-30-02).  This amount includes
     unaudited statements of accounts payable to Equus as of 12-31-02,
     pursuant to the marketing services agremeent dated January 1, 2002 and
     the operating expenses agreement dated January 1, 2002, copies of which
     have been previously provided to RPDT, and is subject to change upon
     audit.  Additional amounts have become payable thereunder since 12-31-
     02.

Schedule 3.9 Litigation                 None

Schedule 3.10 Compliance with Applicable Law

     FCC and UHL approvals being sought by Axess AG

Schedule 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans

     Section 3.11(c) Rapidtron Stock Options
          The  following  individuals have the following number  of  options,
          each  for  one  share of Rapidtron common stock, at  the  following
          exercise price:
          * John Creel, 450,000 options, vested, $0.50

<PAGE>

          * Steve Meineke, 625,000 options, vested, $0.50
          * Lee Guthrie, 50,000 options, vested, 100,000 unvested, $1.00
          * Larry Williams, 100,000 options, vested, $0.50
          All  of the foregoing vested options shall be terminated at Closing
          in  favor of a right to receive the same number of options  in  the
          RPDT employee stock option plan, vested one-half on January 1, 2004
          and one-half on January 1, 2005.

     Section 3.11(e) Additional Benefits and Vesting   None

Schedule 3.12 Environmental Laws and Regs    None

Schedule 3.13 Tax Matters                    None

Schedule 3.14 Title to Property              None

Schedule 3.15(b) Intellectual Property       None

Schedule 3.19 Affiliates
     John Creel - officer, director, shareholder
     Judy Creel, Marc Creel and John Creel, Jr. -  beneficial shareholders
     Peter Dermutz - director, shareholder
     Steve Meineke - officer
     Equus Design, -John Creel is principal

Schedule 3.20 Certain Business Practices     None

Schedule 3.21 Insider Interests              None

Schedule 3.23 Brokers  (pursuant to agreements previously delivered)

     Randall Lanham - 2.5% of financing, plus 300,000 shares of RPDT common
     stock
     Eddie Wenrick - 2.0% of financing or $40,000, plus 100,000 shares of
          RPDT common stock
     Mary La Chapelle - 0.50% of financing or $10,000, no stock

Schedule 4.2 Conduct of Business             None

<PAGE>

Exhibit A

                                  RAPIDTRON
                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware  corporation ("Rapidtron"), and JOHN CREEL, an individual  ("you"
or "Creel").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Creel agree as follows:

1.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron employs Creel for a term beginning on the Effective Date and ending
on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be  employed  as  Chairman of the Board, Chief  Executive  Officer  and
President  of Rapidtron and will earn a base salary of $120,000.00 per  annum
through  December 31, 2004; provided, however, if Rapidtron  is  "profitable"
(as  defined below) at the end of the calendar year 2003, you will receive  a
bonus  in  the  amount of $55,000.00 and your base salary will  be  increased
thereafter to $175,000.00 per year through December 31, 2004.  If you do  not
receive the foregoing increase in base salary for the calendar year 2004  and
Rapidtron  is  profitable and the end of the calendar  year  2004,  you  will
receive a bonus in the amount of $55,000.00.  Subject to the foregoing,  base
salary will be payable on the same schedule and otherwise in accordance  with
Rapidtron's  normal practices for its senior executives.   As  used  in  this
Agreement,  "profitable" shall mean Rapidtron's EBITDA for  the  fiscal  year
shall be at least $500,000.00.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron's  Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent  of
the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as The
Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

a.    Medical  and Dental.  You will be entitled to participate  in  the
Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
plan with 75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the Company
and 25% of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

b.   Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
per year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that do not
materially interfere with the business of the Company.  At no time will
benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

<PAGE>

c.   Stock Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
plans, profit sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation rights, and
other such employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron or RPDT, to employees
similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and Plan of Merger
between RPDT and Rapidtron, Rapidtron shall cause RPDT to finalize and
approve, a qualified stock option plan for its executive officers, including
you, to be implemented by July 31, 2003.  You shall receive stock options in
accordance with the plan for at least 450,000 shares of RPDT's common stock
with a conversion price of $1.00 per share, one-half to be vested on January
1, 2004, and one-half to be vested on January 1, 2005; provided, however,
such options shall vest immediately upon a "change in control" (as defined
below) if, as a result of such change in control, you are removed without
cause from your position as officer or director of Rapidtron or RPDT).  You
shall also be eligible to receive additional options based upon the plan to
be vested over a three (3) year period beginning on the Effective Date hereof
and  to expire not less than five (5) years after termination of  this
Agreement.  The remaining terms shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by
RPDT's Board of Directors.  As used herein, the term "change of control"
means the removal of you from your current level of management as the result
of any of the following: (i) the acquisition of 50% or more of the common
stock of RPDT, (ii) a change in the majority of the Board of Directors of
RPDT, (iii) any reorganization, merger, or consolidation with Rapidtron or
RPDT  that  results in either (i) or (ii) above, (iv) sale of  all  or
substantially all of the assets of Rapidtron, (v) liquidation of Rapidtron,
or (vi) dissolution of Rapidtron.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs
and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

<PAGE>

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to
this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

8.    Indemnification.   To the maximum extent permitted  by  law,  Rapidtron
shall  indemnify,  defend  (with  counsel  selected  by  you  and  reasonably
acceptable   to  Rapidtron)  and  hold  harmless,  you  and  your  attorneys,
successors  and  assigns, and each of them (each a "Creel Indemnitee"),  from
and  against  all  claims,  losses, liabilities, damages,  demands,  actions,
causes  of actions, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any  nature
whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, expert
witness  fees, and costs related thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which  any
such Creel Indemnitee may suffer or incur in connection with (i) a breach  by
Rapidtron of its obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as  an
officer,  director  or employee of Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,

<PAGE>

your  acts  and omissions as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;  provided,
however,  that  the  indemnity obligations as set forth hereunder  shall  not
extend  to  any Claims arising or resulting solely from your gross negligence
or willful misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall
be  due  and payable as and when such Claims are incurred, including  without
limitation, all legal fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by  you  in
connection  with  the defense against and settlement of any  Claim.   To  the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts  reasonably acceptable to you.  The indemnification provided by  this
Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive, of any other  rights
to which you may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders
or  disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in  an  official
capacity  and  as  to action in another capacity while holding  such  office.
Nothing  in this section shall affect any right to indemnification  to  which
you may be entitled by contract or otherwise.


9.   Termination and Resignation.

  9.1     Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

  9.2     Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.   In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in
response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

  9.3    Resignation by Creel.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until

<PAGE>

thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron
is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of
termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"
shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or

<PAGE>

resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets
of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

9.6.1     Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.


10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or 8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

<PAGE>

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy
thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Creel:              John Creel
                    21 LaRochelle
                    Newport Beach, California  92660

To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with  respect  to  the subject matter hereof.   Each  party  to  this
Agreement  acknowledges  that no representations,  inducements,  promises  or
agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone  acting
on  behalf  of  any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement  or  such
addenda  (or in other written agreements signed by the parties and dated  the
date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained

<PAGE>

in this Agreement or such addenda (or such other written agreements) shall be
valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue
in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of  any  other third party or entity.  Except John Creel,  no  third
party  or  entity shall be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary  of
any  covenant, promise or other provision of this Agreement or have any right
to  enforce any such covenant, promise or other provision against  either  or
both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
  Steve Meineke, General Manager



"You"



JOHN CREEL, an individual

<PAGE>

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware   corporation  ("Rapidtron"), and PETER  DERMUTZ,  an  individual
("you" or "Dermutz").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Dermutz agree as follows:

1.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron  employs  Dermutz  for a term beginning on the Effective  Date  and
ending on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be employed as General Manager of Rapidtron and will earn a base salary
of $150,000 per annum through December 31, 2004.  Base salary will be payable
on  the  same  schedule and otherwise in accordance with  Rapidtron's  normal
practices for its senior executives.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron Inc.'s Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent
of  the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as
The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

a.    Medical  and  Dental.   You  will be entitled  to  participate  in  the
Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
plan  with  75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the  Company
and  25%  of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

b.    Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
per  year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that  do  not
materially  interfere  with the business of the Company.   At  no  time  will
benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

c.    Stock  Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
plans,  profit  sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation  rights,  and
other  such  employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron or Rapidtron,  Inc.,  a
Nevada  corporation (formerly known as The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT"),  to
employees similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and  Plan  of
Merger between RPDT and Rapidtron, Rapidtron shall cause RPDT to finalize and
approve,  a qualified stock option plan for its executive officers, including

<PAGE>

you,  to  be implemented by July 31, 2003.  You shall be eligible to  receive
stock  options for shares of RPDT's common stock based upon the  plan  to  be
vested  over  a three (3) year period beginning on the Effective Date  hereof
and  to  expire  not  less  than five (5) years  after  termination  of  this
Agreement.  The remaining terms shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by
RPDT's Board of Directors, as the case may be.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs
and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to

<PAGE>

this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

8.  Indemnification.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, Rapidtron shall
indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by you and reasonably acceptable  to
Rapidtron) and hold harmless, you and your attorneys, successors and assigns,
and  each of them (each a "Dermutz Indemnitee"), from and against all claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, demands, actions, causes of actions, judgments,
settlements, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,  expert  witness  fees,  and  costs
related  thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which any such Dermutz  Indemnitee
may  suffer  or  incur in connection with (i) a breach by  Rapidtron  of  its
obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as an officer, director
or  employee  of  Rapidtron,  including, without limitation,  your  acts  and
omissions  as  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; provided, however,  that
the  indemnity  obligations as set forth hereunder shall not  extend  to  any
Claims  arising  or  resulting solely from your gross negligence  or  willful
misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall be due and
payable  as  and when such Claims are incurred, including without limitation,
all  legal  fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by you in  connection
with  the  defense  against and settlement of any Claim. The  indemnification
provided by this Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive,  of
any  other  rights  to which you may be entitled under any bylaw,  agreement,
vote  of  shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both  as  to
action  in  an  official capacity and as to action in another capacity  while
holding  such  office.  Nothing in this section shall  affect  any  right  to
indemnification to which you may be entitled by contract or otherwise. To the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts reasonably acceptable to you.

<PAGE>

9.   Termination and Resignation.

  9.1     Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

  9.2     Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.   In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in
response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

  9.3    Resignation by Dermutz.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until
thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron
is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be

<PAGE>

expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of
termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"
shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or
resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets
of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

9.6.1     Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.

<PAGE>

10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or 8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy

<PAGE>

thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Dermutz:            Peter Dermutz
                    __________________
                    __________________


To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with  respect  to  the subject matter hereof.   Each  party  to  this
Agreement  acknowledges  that no representations,  inducements,  promises  or
agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone  acting
on  behalf  of  any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement  or  such
addenda  (or in other written agreements signed by the parties and dated  the
date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained
in this Agreement or such addenda (or such other written agreements) shall be
valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue

<PAGE>

in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of any other third party or entity.  No third party or entity  shall
be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary of any covenant, promise or
other  provision  of  this Agreement or have any right to  enforce  any  such
covenant, promise or other provision against either or both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
 John Creel, Chief Executive Officer and President



"You"



PETER DERMUTZ, an individual

<PAGE>

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware   corporation  ("Rapidtron"), and STEVE  MEINEKE,  an  individual
("you" or "Meineke").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Meineke agree as follows:

1.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron  employs  Meineke  for a term beginning on the Effective  Date  and
ending on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be employed as General Manager of Rapidtron and will earn a base salary
of  $90,000.00  per  annum  through  December  31,  2003.   If  Rapidtron  is
"profitable"  (as defined below) at the end of the calendar  year  2003,  you
will receive a bonus in the amount of $35,000.00 and your base salary will be
increased to $125,000.00 per year through December 31, 2004.   If you do  not
receive the foregoing increase in base salary for the calendar year 2004  and
Rapidtron  is  profitable and the end of the calendar  year  2004,  you  will
receive a bonus in the amount of $35,000.00.  Subject to the foregoing,  base
salary will be payable on the same schedule and otherwise in accordance  with
Rapidtron's  normal practices for its senior executives.   As  used  in  this
Agreement,  "profitable" shall mean Rapditron's EBITDA for  the  fiscal  year
shall be at least $350,000.00.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron Inc.'s Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent
of  the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as
The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

a.    Medical  and  Dental.   You  will be entitled  to  participate  in  the
Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
plan  with  75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the  Company
and  25%  of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

b.    Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
per  year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that  do  not
materially  interfere  with the business of the Company.   At  no  time  will
benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

<PAGE>

c.    Stock  Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
plans,  profit  sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation  rights,  and
other  such employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron and Rapidtron,  Inc.,  a
Nevada  corporation (formerly known as The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT"),  to
employees similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and  Plan  of
Merger  between RPDT and Rapidtron (the "Merger Agreement"), Rapidtron  shall
cause  RPDT  to finalize and approve, a qualified stock option plan  for  its
executive  officers, including you, to be implemented by July 31, 2003.   You
shall  receive stock options in accordance with the plan for at least 625,000
shares of RPDT's common stock with a conversion price of $1.00 per share, one-
half to be vested on January 1, 2004, and one-half to be vested on January 1,
2005; provided, however, such options shall vest immediately upon a change in
control  (as  defined  below).    You  shall  also  be  eligible  to  receive
additional  options based upon the plan to be vested over a  three  (3)  year
period  beginning on the Effective Date hereof and to expire  not  less  than
five  (5)  years  after termination of this Agreement.  The  remaining  terms
shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by RPDT's Board of Directors.   As
used  herein, the term "change of control" means the removal of you from your
current  level of management as the result of any of the following:  (i)  the
acquisition of 20% or more of the common stock of RPDT, (ii) a change in  the
majority of the Board of Directors of RPDT, (iii) any reorganization, merger,
or  consolidation with Rapidtron or RPDT that results in either (i)  or  (ii)
above, (iv) sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Rapidtron,  (v)
liquidation of Rapidtron, or (vi) dissolution of Rapidtron.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs
and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

<PAGE>

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to
this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

8.  Indemnification.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, Rapidtron shall
indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by you and reasonably acceptable  to
Rapidtron) and hold harmless, you and your attorneys, successors and assigns,
and  each of them (each a "Meineke Indemnitee"), from and against all claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, demands, actions, causes of actions, judgments,
settlements, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,  expert  witness  fees,  and  costs
related  thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which any such Meineke  Indemnitee
may  suffer  or  incur in connection with (i) a breach by  Rapidtron  of  its
obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as an officer, director
or  employee  of  Rapidtron,  including, without limitation,  your  acts  and

<PAGE>

omissions  as  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; provided, however,  that
the  indemnity  obligations as set forth hereunder shall not  extend  to  any
Claims  arising  or  resulting solely from your gross negligence  or  willful
misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall be due and
payable  as  and when such Claims are incurred, including without limitation,
all  legal  fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by you in  connection
with  the  defense against and settlement of any Claim.  The  indemnification
provided by this Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive,  of
any  other  rights  to which you may be entitled under any bylaw,  agreement,
vote  of  shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both  as  to
action  in  an  official capacity and as to action in another capacity  while
holding  such  office.  Nothing in this section shall  affect  any  right  to
indemnification to which you may be entitled by contract or otherwise. To the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts reasonably acceptable to you.

9.   Termination and Resignation.

     9.1  Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

     9.2   Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.  In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in
response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

     9.3  Resignation by Meineke.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until
thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron

<PAGE>

is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of
termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"
shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or
resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets

<PAGE>

of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

9.6.1     Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.

10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or  8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

<PAGE>

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy
thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Meineke:            Steve Meineke
                    3 White Cliff
                    Laguna Niguel, CA  92677

To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Subject to closing  under
the Merger Agreement, this Agreement shall supercede and replace that certain
Management Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2002, between Rapidtron
and  Meineke Consulting, LLC, and as of January 1, 2003, neither party  shall
have  any further obligation under such Management Services Agreement.   Each
party  to  this Agreement acknowledges that no representations,  inducements,
promises  or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any  party,  or
anyone  acting  on  behalf  of any party, which  are  not  embodied  in  this
Agreement  or  such  addenda (or in other written agreements  signed  by  the

<PAGE>

parties and dated the date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or
promise  not  contained  in this Agreement or such  addenda  (or  such  other
written agreements) shall be valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue
in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of any other third party or entity.  No third party or entity  shall
be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary of any covenant, promise or
other  provision  of  this Agreement or have any right to  enforce  any  such
covenant, promise or other provision against either or both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
 John Creel, Chief Executive Officer and President



"You"



STEVE MEINEKE, an individual


ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED AS TO SECTION 15

MEINEKE CONSULTING, LLC,
a California limited liability company


By:
 Steve Meineke, Manager

<PAGE>


                                  Exhibit B


                               Use of Proceeds

<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit C

                                 REPLACEMENT
                               PROMISSORY NOTE

                              $________________
                             (Principal Amount)

                                   Dated:

                                Executed at:
                               (City, Country)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, RAPIDTRON, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Maker"), hereby
promises   to   pay   to  Holder,  or  its  assignee,  at   Nominee   -   c/o
, or such address as may be designated in writing by any holder of this Note,
the  sum  of____________________ US Dollars and No Cents  ($_______________).
The  repayment of this Note (including principal and interest, if any) is due
in full on March 31, 2003, and thereafter upon demand.

This Note shall bear a non-compounded interest rate of ten percent (10%)  per
annum  beginning  on  the  date hereof, and continuing  until  principal  and
interest are fully paid.

TERMS OF REPAYMENT:

1.    Pursuant  to  that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger,  dated  as  of
January 17, 2003, among Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation, formerly known
as  The  Furnishing Club ("RPDT"); RTI Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, and Maker (the "Merger Agreement"), this Replacement  Promissory
Note  (this  "Note")  is made in full replacement of that certain  Promissory
Note  dated  __________  made  by  Maker payable  to   ______________________
("Holder"), or order, for the principal amount of $____________.

2.   This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty.

3.    Upon  closing  of Merger as contemplated by the Merger  Agreement,  the
entire outstanding balance of this Note, including all principal and interest
accrued, shall, ipso facto and without any action by the Holder, be converted
into  restricted  shares of common stock of RPDT ("Stock"), at  a  conversion
rate  of  $1.00  per share.   This Note and the Stock issued upon  conversion
hereof  is  and  shall be issued under an exemption from  registration  under
Section  4(2)  of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  The Holder  hereby
represents that it is acquiring this Note and the Stock hereunder or acquired
pursuant  hereto  for its own account, not as a nominee or  agent,  with  the
present intention of holding such securities for purposes of investment,  and
not  with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and  that
it  has  no  intention  of  selling this  Note  or  the  Stock  in  a  public
distribution  in violation of the federal securities laws or  any  applicable
state  securities laws.  Holder acknowledges that the Stock  will  contain  a
restrictive legend in accordance with Rule 144.

<PAGE>

4.    If  the  Merger  Agreement is terminated and the Merger  is  abandoned,
Paragraph 3 of this Note shall no longer apply and this Note shall remain  an
outstanding obligation payable by Maker to Holder in full on or before  March
31, 2003.

5.    Security  Lien. The Maker of this Note hereby grants to  the  Holder  a
security interest in any and all of Maker's assets, including but not limited
to,  real property, inventory, receivables, vehicles, furniture, intellectual
property and equipment.

6.    In the event of the failure to make any payment when due, the holder of
this  Note  may  declare the entire principal balance  and  accrued  interest
immediately due and payable.  Any overdue payment shall bear interest at  the
rate  of  twelve percent (12%), or at such lower rate mandated  by  law,  per
annum until principal and interest are fully paid.

7.    All  parties  to  this Note, including the Maker and  any  endorser  or
guarantors,  if  any,  jointly  and severally waive  presentment,  notice  or
dishonor  and diligence in collecting and all agree to remain fully obligated
under the terms of this Note even if, without notice, the time for payment is
extended;  or  the  Note is renewed or modified; or one  of  the  parties  is
released  or  discharged; or the release or substitution  of  any  collateral
given as security for the payment of the Note.

8.    No course of dealing between the parties of this Note, and no delay  on
the part of the Holder in exercising any rights hereunder, shall operate as a
waiver  of  the  rights  of the holder.  No covenant,  provision  or  Default
hereunder  may be waived except by written instrument signed by  the  waiving
party,  and  no  such  waiver shall extend to or impair  any  obligation  not
expressly waived.

9.    If  any  provision herein is determined to be unlawful,  it  is  hereby
agreed  that  this Note shall remain in full force and effect  and  shall  be
construed  as if the provision determined to be unlawful was never  contained
herein  and  a  reasonable  provision shall  be  substituted  therein.   This
Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the  laws  of
the State of Nevada.

10.   If  this  Note is not paid promptly in accordance with its  terms,  the
Undersigned agrees to pay all costs of collection and enforcement, including,
but  not limited to, private costs, court costs and reasonable attorney fees.
In  the  event that any judgment is obtained under this Note, the Undersigned
waive,  to  the  extent  permitted under the law,  the  benefit  of  any  law
exempting their property, or any part of it.

                       [signatures begin on next page]

<PAGE>

AGREED:

"MAKER"

RAPIDTRON, INC., a Delaware corporation


By:
Name:
Title:

"HOLDER"

__________________________________________

By:
Name:
Title:

"RPDT"

RAPIDTRON, INC., a Nevada corporation


By:
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>


                                  Exhibit A


                            Employment Agreements

<PAGE>

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware   corporation  ("Rapidtron"), and PETER  DERMUTZ,  an  individual
("you" or "Dermutz").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Dermutz agree as follows:

1.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron  employs  Dermutz  for a term beginning on the Effective  Date  and
ending on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be  employed as Executive Vice President of Rapidtron and will  earn  a
base  salary  of $150,000 per annum through December 31, 2004.   Base  salary
will  be  payable  on  the  same schedule and otherwise  in  accordance  with
Rapidtron's normal practices for its senior executives.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron Inc.'s Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent
of  the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as
The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

a.    Medical  and  Dental.   You will be entitled to  participate  in  the
  Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
  plan with 75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the Company
  and 25% of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
  and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

b.   Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
  per year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that do not
  materially interfere with the business of the Company.  At no  time  will
  benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

c.   Stock Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
  plans, profit sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation rights, and
  other such employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron or Rapidtron, Inc., a
  Nevada corporation (formerly known as The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT"), to
  employees similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and Plan of
  Merger between RPDT and Rapidtron, Rapidtron shall cause RPDT to finalize and
  approve, a qualified stock option plan for its executive officers, including
  you, to be implemented by July 31, 2003.  You shall be eligible to receive
  stock options for shares of RPDT's common stock based upon the plan to be
  vested over a three (3) year period beginning on the Effective Date hereof
  and  to  expire  not less than five (5) years after termination  of  this
  Agreement.  The remaining terms shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by
  RPDT's Board of Directors, as the case may be.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs

<PAGE>

and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to
this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

<PAGE>

8.  Indemnification.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, Rapidtron shall
indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by you and reasonably acceptable  to
Rapidtron) and hold harmless, you and your attorneys, successors and assigns,
and  each of them (each a "Dermutz Indemnitee"), from and against all claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, demands, actions, causes of actions, judgments,
settlements, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,  expert  witness  fees,  and  costs
related  thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which any such Dermutz  Indemnitee
may  suffer  or  incur in connection with (i) a breach by  Rapidtron  of  its
obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as an officer, director
or  employee  of  Rapidtron,  including, without limitation,  your  acts  and
omissions  as  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; provided, however,  that
the  indemnity  obligations as set forth hereunder shall not  extend  to  any
Claims  arising  or  resulting solely from your gross negligence  or  willful
misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall be due and
payable  as  and when such Claims are incurred, including without limitation,
all  legal  fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by you in  connection
with  the  defense  against and settlement of any Claim. The  indemnification
provided by this Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive,  of
any  other  rights  to which you may be entitled under any bylaw,  agreement,
vote  of  shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both  as  to
action  in  an  official capacity and as to action in another capacity  while
holding  such  office.  Nothing in this section shall  affect  any  right  to
indemnification to which you may be entitled by contract or otherwise. To the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts reasonably acceptable to you.

<PAGE>

9.
  Termination and Resignation.

  9.1     Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

  9.2     Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.   In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in
response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

  9.3    Resignation by Dermutz.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until
thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron
is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

<PAGE>

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of
termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"
shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or
resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets
of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

  9.6.1     Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.


10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or 8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

<PAGE>

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy
thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Dermutz:            Peter Dermutz
                    __________________
                    __________________


To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with  respect  to  the subject matter hereof.   Each  party  to  this

<PAGE>

Agreement  acknowledges  that no representations,  inducements,  promises  or
agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone  acting
on  behalf  of  any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement  or  such
addenda  (or in other written agreements signed by the parties and dated  the
date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained
in this Agreement or such addenda (or such other written agreements) shall be
valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue
in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of any other third party or entity.  No third party or entity  shall
be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary of any covenant, promise or
other  provision  of  this Agreement or have any right to  enforce  any  such
covenant, promise or other provision against either or both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
 John Creel, Chief Executive Officer and President



"You"



PETER DERMUTZ, an individual


<PAGE>

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware   corporation  ("Rapidtron"), and STEVE  MEINEKE,  an  individual
("you" or "Meineke").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Meineke agree as follows:

2.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron  employs  Meineke  for a term beginning on the Effective  Date  and
ending on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be employed as General Manager of Rapidtron and will earn a base salary
of  $90,000.00  per  annum  through  December  31,  2003.   If  Rapidtron  is
"profitable"  (as defined below) at the end of the calendar  year  2003,  you
will receive a bonus in the amount of $35,000.00 and your base salary will be
increased to $125,000.00 per year through December 31, 2004.   If you do  not
receive the foregoing increase in base salary for the calendar year 2004  and
Rapidtron  is  profitable and the end of the calendar  year  2004,  you  will
receive a bonus in the amount of $35,000.00.  Subject to the foregoing,  base
salary will be payable on the same schedule and otherwise in accordance  with
Rapidtron's  normal practices for its senior executives.   As  used  in  this
Agreement,  "profitable" shall mean Rapditron's EBITDA for  the  fiscal  year
shall be at least $350,000.00.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron Inc.'s Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent
of  the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as
The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

d.    Medical  and Dental.  You will be entitled to participate  in  the
  Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
  plan with 75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the Company
  and 25% of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
  and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

e.   Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
  per year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that do not
  materially interfere with the business of the Company.  At no time will
  benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

f.   Stock Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
  plans, profit sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation rights, and
  other such employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron and Rapidtron, Inc., a
  Nevada corporation (formerly known as The Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT"), to
  employees similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and Plan of
  Merger between RPDT and Rapidtron (the "Merger Agreement"), Rapidtron shall
  cause RPDT to finalize and approve, a qualified stock option plan for its

<PAGE>

  executive officers, including you, to be implemented by July 31, 2003.  You
  shall receive stock options in accordance with the plan for at least 450,000
  shares of RPDT's common stock with a conversion price of $1.00 per share, one-
  half to be vested on January 1, 2004, and one-half to be vested on January 1,
  2005; provided, however, such options shall vest immediately upon a change in
  control  (as defined below).   You shall also be eligible  to  receive
  additional options based upon the plan to be vested over a three (3) year
  period beginning on the Effective Date hereof and to expire not less than
  five (5) years after termination of this Agreement.  The remaining terms
  shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by RPDT's Board of Directors.  As
  used herein, the term "change of control" means the removal of you from your
  current level of management as the result of any of the following: (i) the
  acquisition of 20% or more of the common stock of RPDT, (ii) a change in the
  majority of the Board of Directors of RPDT, (iii) any reorganization, merger,
  or consolidation with Rapidtron or RPDT that results in either (i) or (ii)
  above, (iv) sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Rapidtron, (v)
  liquidation of Rapidtron, or (vi) dissolution of Rapidtron.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs
and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to
this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

<PAGE>

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

8.  Indemnification.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, Rapidtron shall
indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by you and reasonably acceptable  to
Rapidtron) and hold harmless, you and your attorneys, successors and assigns,
and  each of them (each a "Meineke Indemnitee"), from and against all claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, demands, actions, causes of actions, judgments,
settlements, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including,  without
limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,  expert  witness  fees,  and  costs
related  thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which any such Meineke  Indemnitee
may  suffer  or  incur in connection with (i) a breach by  Rapidtron  of  its
obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as an officer, director
or  employee  of  Rapidtron,  including, without limitation,  your  acts  and
omissions  as  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; provided, however,  that
the  indemnity  obligations as set forth hereunder shall not  extend  to  any
Claims  arising  or  resulting solely from your gross negligence  or  willful
misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall be due and
payable  as  and when such Claims are incurred, including without limitation,
all  legal  fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by you in  connection
with  the  defense against and settlement of any Claim.  The  indemnification
provided by this Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive,  of
any  other  rights  to which you may be entitled under any bylaw,  agreement,
vote  of  shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both  as  to
action  in  an  official capacity and as to action in another capacity  while
holding  such  office.  Nothing in this section shall  affect  any  right  to
indemnification to which you may be entitled by contract or otherwise. To the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts reasonably acceptable to you.

10.  Termination and Resignation.

     9.1  Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

     9.2   Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.  In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in

<PAGE>

response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

     9.3  Resignation by Meineke.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until
thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron
is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of
termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"

<PAGE>

shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or
resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets
of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

   10.6.1    Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.

10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or  8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

<PAGE>

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy
thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Meineke:            Steve Meineke
                    3 White Cliff
                    Laguna Niguel, CA  92677

To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Subject to closing  under
the Merger Agreement, this Agreement shall supercede and replace that certain
Management Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2002, between Rapidtron
and  Meineke Consulting, LLC, and as of January 1, 2003, neither party  shall
have  any further obligation under such Management Services Agreement.   Each
party  to  this Agreement acknowledges that no representations,  inducements,
promises  or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any  party,  or
anyone  acting  on  behalf  of any party, which  are  not  embodied  in  this
Agreement  or  such  addenda (or in other written agreements  signed  by  the
parties and dated the date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or
promise  not  contained  in this Agreement or such  addenda  (or  such  other
written agreements) shall be valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue
in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

<PAGE>

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of any other third party or entity.  No third party or entity  shall
be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary of any covenant, promise or
other  provision  of  this Agreement or have any right to  enforce  any  such
covenant, promise or other provision against either or both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
 John Creel, Chief Executive Officer and President



"You"



STEVE MEINEKE, an individual


ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED AS TO SECTION 15

MEINEKE CONSULTING, LLC,
a California limited liability company


By:
 Steve Meineke, Manager


<PAGE>

                            EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is dated and entered into  effective
as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective Date"), by and between RAPIDTRON, INC.,
a  Delaware  corporation ("Rapidtron"), and JOHN CREEL, an individual  ("you"
or "Creel").

NOW,  THEREFORE,  for  and  in consideration of the foregoing  recitals,  the
mutual covenants, provisions and terms set forth in this Agreement and  other
good  and  valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of  which  are
hereby acknowledged, Rapidtron and Creel agree as follows:

3.    Term.   Unless  terminated  earlier  as  provided  in  this  Agreement,
Rapidtron employs Creel for a term beginning on the Effective Date and ending
on December 31, 2004 (the "Term").

2.    Title;  Base  Salary:  Effective as of the date of this Agreement,  you
will  be  employed  as  Chairman of the Board, Chief  Executive  Officer  and
President  of Rapidtron and will earn a base salary of $120,000.00 per  annum
through  December 31, 2004; provided, however, if Rapidtron  is  "profitable"
(as  defined below) at the end of the calendar year 2003, you will receive  a
bonus  in  the  amount of $55,000.00 and your base salary will  be  increased
thereafter to $175,000.00 per year through December 31, 2004.  If you do  not
receive the foregoing increase in base salary for the calendar year 2004  and
Rapidtron  is  profitable and the end of the calendar  year  2004,  you  will
receive a bonus in the amount of $55,000.00.  Subject to the foregoing,  base
salary will be payable on the same schedule and otherwise in accordance  with
Rapidtron's  normal practices for its senior executives.   As  used  in  this
Agreement,  "profitable" shall mean Rapidtron's EBITDA for  the  fiscal  year
shall be at least $500,000.00.

3.    Incentive Bonus.  In addition to your base salary, you will be entitled
to  earn  incentive  compensation during the Term,  in  an  amount  based  on
Rapidtron's  Board approved Bonus Plan, as approved by unanimous  consent  of
the directors of Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation (formerly known as The
Furnishing Club, Inc)("RPDT").

4.    Withholding.  All payments under paragraphs 1 and 2 and other  payments
and  compensatory  benefits  will be subject  to  taxes  and  withholding  in
accordance with applicable law.

5.   Benefits.

g.    Medical  and Dental.  You will be entitled to participate  in  the
   Company's regular health insurance plan for employees, or a comparably priced
   plan with 75% of the premium expense applicable to you paid by the Company
   and 25% of such expense paid by you.  You will be entitled to elect spousal
   and dependent care coverage under such plan at your expense.

h.   Vacation.  You will be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time
   per year of employment, such vacation to be scheduled at times that do not
   materially interfere with the business of the Company.  At no time will
   benefits relating to unused vacation in excess of four (4) weeks be payable.

i.   Stock Options.  You shall be entitled to participate in all retirement
  plans, profit sharing, stock option plans, stock appreciation rights, and
  other such employee benefits, provided by Rapidtron or RPDT, to employees
  similarly situated.  Subject to closing the Agreement and Plan of Merger
  between RPDT and Rapidtron, Rapidtron shall cause RPDT to finalize and
  approve, a qualified stock option plan for its executive officers, including
  you, to be implemented by July 31, 2003.  You shall receive stock options in
  accordance with the plan for at least 450,000 shares of RPDT's common stock
  with a conversion price of $1.00 per share, one-half to be vested on January
  1, 2004, and one-half to be vested on January 1, 2005; provided, however,
  such options shall vest immediately upon a "change in control" (as defined
  below) if, as a result of such change in control, you are removed without

<PAGE>

  cause from your position as officer or director of Rapidtron or RPDT).  You
  shall also be eligible to receive additional options based upon the plan to
  be vested over a three (3) year period beginning on the Effective Date hereof
  and  to expire not less than five (5) years after termination of  this
  Agreement.  The remaining terms shall be subject to the plan to be adopted by
  RPDT's Board of Directors.  As used herein, the term "change of control"
  means the removal of you from your current level of management as the result
  of any of the following: (i) the acquisition of 50% or more of the common
  stock of RPDT, (ii) a change in the majority of the Board of Directors of
  RPDT, (iii) any reorganization, merger, or consolidation with Rapidtron or
  RPDT  that  results in either (i) or (ii) above, (iv) sale of  all  or
  substantially all of the assets of Rapidtron, (v) liquidation of Rapidtron,
  or (vi) dissolution of Rapidtron.

6.    Reimbursement  of  Expenses.  Rapidtron shall  reimburse  you  for  all
business-related expenses and costs actually incurred in the  performance  of
your  duties under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the lodging
and  travel costs and expenses necessitated by performance and the  equipment
and  airtime charges for a mobile telephone.  Reimbursement of all such costs
and   expenses  shall  be  subject  to  reasonable  policies  and  procedures
established  from  time to time by Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
completion   of   Rapidtron's  expense  reports  to   qualify   for   expense
reimbursement.

7.   Confidentiality, Assignment of Inventions, and Non-Compete.

     7.1   Proprietary  Information.  In the course  of  your  engagement  by
Rapidtron,  you will continue to have access to confidential and  proprietary
information regarding Rapidtron and its business, including, but not  limited
to,  information regarding Rapidtron's technologies, methods and  techniques,
product  information, specifications, technical drawings and  designs,  trade
secrets,  know-how,  sources of supply, product  and  market  research  data,
customer   lists,  marketing  plans,  and  financial  information   regarding
Rapidtron  and  its  operations.   Such  information  shall  be  referred  to
hereinafter as "Proprietary Information" and shall include any and all of the
information  of the type described and shall also include any and  all  other
confidential  and  proprietary information relating to  the  business  to  be
conducted by Rapidtron, whether previously existing, now existing or  arising
hereafter, whether conceived or developed by others or by you alone  or  with
others,  and  whether  or not conceived or developed during  regular  working
hours.   Proprietary  Information which is released into  the  public  domain
during the period of your engagement under this Agreement, provided the  same
is  not  in  the  public  domain as a consequence of disclosure  directly  or
indirectly by you in violation of this Agreement, shall not be subject to the
restrictions of this Section 7.1.

     7.2   Non-Disclosure.  You shall not disclose, directly  or  indirectly,
(except  as  your  duties  may require and except as  required  by  law)  any
Proprietary Information to any person other than Rapidtron, any employees  of
Rapidtron who are authorized, at the time of such disclosure, to receive such
information,  or  such  other  persons to whom  you  have  been  specifically
instructed to make disclosure by the Board of Directors of Rapidtron  and  in
all  such cases only to the extent required in the course of your service  to
Rapidtron.   At  the  termination of this Agreement,  you  shall  deliver  to
Rapidtron  all  notes, letters, documents, records, computer files,  programs
and  other media which may contain Proprietary Information which are then  in
its possession or control and shall not retain or use any copies or summaries
thereof.

     7.3   Assignment  of  Inventions.   All  ideas,  inventions,  and  other
developments or improvements conceived or reduced to practice by  you,  alone
or  with  others, during the term of this Agreement, whether  or  not  during
working hours, that are within the scope of the business of Rapidtron or RPDT
or  that  relate  to  or result from any of Rapidtron's  or  RPDT's  work  or
projects  or  the services provided by you to Rapidtron or RPDT  pursuant  to
this  Agreement, shall be the exclusive property of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   You
agree  to assist Rapidtron or RPDT during the term, at Rapidtron's or  RPDT's
expense,  to  obtain  patents and copyrights on any such  ideas,  inventions,
writings,  and  other  developments, and  agrees  to  execute  all  documents
necessary  to obtain such patents and copyrights in the name of Rapidtron  or
RPDT, including an assignment of any rights therein.

<PAGE>

     7.4   Covenant  Not to Compete.  During the term of this Agreement,  you
shall not engage in any of the following competitive activities: (a) engaging
directly  or indirectly in any business or activity substantially similar  to
any  business  or  activity engaged in (or proposed  to  be  engaged  in)  by
Rapidtron  or  RPDT; (b) engaging directly or indirectly in any  business  or
activity competitive with any business or activity engaged in (or proposed to
be  engaged  in)  by  Rapidtron or RPDT; (c) soliciting or  taking  away  any
employee,  agent,  representative, contractor,  supplier,  vendor,  customer,
franchisee,  lender  or investor of Rapidtron or RPDT, or  attempting  to  so
solicit  or  take  away;  (d)  interfering  with  any  contractual  or  other
relationship   between   Rapidtron  or  RPDT   and   any   employee,   agent,
representative, contractor, supplier, vendor, customer, franchisee, lender or
investor;  or (e) using, for the benefit of any person or entity  other  than
Rapidtron  or  RPDT, any Proprietary Information of Rapidtron or  RPDT.   The
foregoing  covenant  prohibiting competitive  activities  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and shall extend, and shall remain enforceable
against you, for the period of one (1) year following the date this Agreement
is  terminated.   In  addition,  during the two-year  period  following  such
expiration or earlier termination, you shall not make or permit the making of
any negative statement of any kind concerning Rapidtron or RPDT.

8.    Indemnification.   To the maximum extent permitted  by  law,  Rapidtron
shall  indemnify,  defend  (with  counsel  selected  by  you  and  reasonably
acceptable   to  Rapidtron)  and  hold  harmless,  you  and  your  attorneys,
successors  and  assigns, and each of them (each a "Creel Indemnitee"),  from
and  against  all  claims,  losses, liabilities, damages,  demands,  actions,
causes  of actions, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any  nature
whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, expert
witness  fees, and costs related thereto) (collectively, "Claims") which  any
such Creel Indemnitee may suffer or incur in connection with (i) a breach  by
Rapidtron of its obligations hereunder, or (ii) the performance by you as  an
officer,  director  or employee of Rapidtron, including, without  limitation,
your  acts  and omissions as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;  provided,
however,  that  the  indemnity obligations as set forth hereunder  shall  not
extend  to  any Claims arising or resulting solely from your gross negligence
or willful misconduct.  Rapidtron's obligations to pay Claims hereunder shall
be  due  and payable as and when such Claims are incurred, including  without
limitation, all legal fees and costs and other expenses, incurred by  you  in
connection  with  the defense against and settlement of any  Claim.   To  the
maximum  extent permitted by law and to the extent reasonably  affordable  to
Rapidtron,  Rapidtron  shall  procure, pay for  and  maintain  standard  form
directors' and officers' liability insurance with an insurance carrier and in
amounts  reasonably acceptable to you.  The indemnification provided by  this
Section 8 shall be deemed cumulative, and not exclusive, of any other  rights
to which you may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders
or  disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in  an  official
capacity  and  as  to action in another capacity while holding  such  office.
Nothing  in this section shall affect any right to indemnification  to  which
you may be entitled by contract or otherwise.


11.  Termination and Resignation.

  9.1     Termination Upon Death.  If you die during the Term, this Agreement
shall  terminate.  Upon such termination, (i) you shall be  entitled  to  all
accrued  and  unpaid compensation including the Base Salary and the  prorated
amount  of the Incentive Bonus as of the date of death; and (ii) your  heirs,
legal  representatives and designated beneficiaries shall be entitled to  any
and  all  insurance  proceeds  in  connection  with  the  insurance  policies
maintained.

<PAGE>

  9.2     Termination  Upon  Permanent Disability.   In  the  event  of  your
"Permanent Disability" (as hereinafter defined), Rapidtron may terminate this
Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days notice to you.  For the purposes of
this  Agreement, you shall be deemed to have suffered "Permanent  Disability"
in the event that you become disabled by physical or mental illness or injury
to  the  extent that the Board of Directors of Rapidtron reasonably believes,
notwithstanding  such  reasonable accommodations as  Rapidtron  may  make  in
response   to  such  disability,  that  you  cannot  carry  out  or   perform
responsibilities,  and such disability continues for  a  period  of  six  (6)
consecutive  months or three hundred sixty-five (365) days in any twenty-four
(24)  month  period, without regard to whether such three hundred  sixty-five
(365)  days  are  consecutive.  In the event that Rapidtron  terminates  this
Agreement  following your Permanent Disability, Rapidtron shall  continue  to
pay  you  (a) your Base Salary for twelve (12) months following the  date  of
such termination, (b) the Insurance Benefits set forth in Section 5 above for
twelve (12) months following the date of such termination, and (c) a prorated
Incentive Bonus through the date of your termination.

  9.3    Resignation by Creel.

     9.3.1      You  may immediately resign for cause at any time by  written
notice  to  Rapidtron.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "cause"  for
your  resignation shall be (a) a breach by Rapidtron of any material covenant
or  obligation  hereunder;  (b) the voluntary or involuntary  dissolution  of
Rapidtron; or (c) a "Change in Control" (as defined below) of Rapidtron.  The
written  notice  given  hereunder  by  you  to  Rapidtron  shall  specify  in
reasonable  detail the cause for resignation, and, in the case of  the  cause
described in (a) above, such resignation notice shall not be effective  until
thirty (30) days after Rapidtron's receipt of such notice, during which  time
Rapidtron shall have the right to respond to your notice and cure the  breach
or  other  event giving rise to the resignation.  In the event that Rapidtron
is able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  For
purposes  of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall mean the  occurrence
of  any one of the following events: (i) any merger or consolidation in which
Rapidtron is not the surviving or resulting entity; (ii) any transfer of  all
or  substantially  all of the assets of Rapidtron; (iii) the  transfer  of  a
majority  of  the common stock or voting power of Rapidtron by  one  or  more
shareholders in one or more transactions; or (iv) the issuance  of  stock  in
Rapidtron  constituting  a  change  in  control  immediately  following  such
issuance.

     9.4  Termination by Rapidtron.

          9.4.1      Rapidtron may terminate this Agreement for cause at  any
time  by  written  notice to you.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the  term
"cause" for termination by Rapidtron shall be (a) a conviction of or plea  of
guilty  or  nolo  contendere  by you to a felony which  could  reasonably  be
expected  to  have a material adverse effect on Rapidtron, its business,  its
goodwill or its prospects; (b) the consistent refusal by you to perform  your
material   duties  and  obligations  hereunder;  or  (c)  your  willful   and
intentional  misconduct  in  the performance  of  your  material  duties  and
obligations.   The written notice given hereunder by Rapidtron to  you  shall
specify  in reasonable detail the cause for termination.  In the  case  of  a
termination for the cause described in (a) above, such termination  shall  be
effective  upon  receipt of the written notice.  In the case  of  the  causes
described  in  (b)  and  (c)  above, such termination  notice  shall  not  be
effective  until thirty (30) days after your receipt of such  notice,  during
which time you shall have the right to respond to Rapidtron's notice and cure
the  breach or other event giving rise to the termination.  In the event that
you are able to cure, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

      9.5   Effect  of  Termination. Upon any termination of this  Agreement,
neither  party  shall have any further obligations thereafter  arising  under
this Agreement, except as provided in Section 17 below.

          9.5.1     Upon your resignation without cause , or a termination of
this  Agreement  by  Rapidtron  with cause pursuant  to  Section  9.4  above,
Rapidtron shall immediately pay to you all accrued and unpaid compensation as
of the date of such termination.  Thereafter, all compensation obligations of
Rapidtron under Section 6 shall cease.

          9.5.2      Upon a resignation of this Agreement with cause  by  you
pursuant  to  Section  9.3.1 above, or a termination  of  this  Agreement  by
Rapidtron  without  cause, (a) Rapidtron shall immediately  pay  to  you  all
accrued  and  unpaid  compensation as of the date of  such  termination;  (b)
Rapidtron  shall  continue to pay the Base Salary through the  period  twelve
(12)  months  following  the  date  of  termination;  (c)  at  the  time   of

<PAGE>

termination, Rapidtron shall pay the Incentive Bonus for the calendar year of
termination  as  if  you had continued to perform for the remainder  of  said
calendar year at the average rate of increase in Profits over the prior  Term
of  this Agreement, and (d) Rapidtron shall be required to buyout your common
stock  at  a price determined by the "Fair Market Value" (defined below),  or
$2.00  per  share, whichever is greater.  As used herein "Fair Market  Value"
shall  mean  the average daily trading price of the common stock  during  the
immediately preceding thirty (30) trading days.

     9.6  Effect of Combination or Dissolution.  This Agreement shall not  be
terminated  by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of Rapidtron,  or  by
any  merger  or  consolidation in which Rapidtron is  not  the  surviving  or
resulting  entity, or any transfer of all or substantially all of the  assets
of  Rapidtron, or upon any transfer of a majority of the ownership  interests
of  Rapidtron by one or more members in one or more transactions, or upon the
issuance of any other security interests of Rapidtron constituting a majority
of  the outstanding securities immediately following such issuance.  Instead,
subject  to  your right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section  9.3
above, the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and inure to  the
benefit of Rapidtron's successors and assigns.

  11.6.1    Upon acquisition, merger and/or any other business combination with
Rapidtron,  you  hereby  agree  that notwithstanding  Section  9.3.1,  if  so
requested  by  the  resulting  board of directors,  you  will  maintain  your
management  role  within  Rapidtron, as a  "transitional  period"  to  assist
incoming   management  in  the  proper  performance  of  his  duties.    Said
"transitional  period" shall not exceed 12 calendar months  unless  otherwise
mutually  agreed,  pursuant to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,
including compensation.


10.  Remedies.

     10.1  Injunctive Relief Regarding Confidentiality.  You acknowledge  and
agree that (i) the covenants and the restrictions contained in Sections 7 and
8  above are necessary, fundamental, and required for the protection  of  the
business of Rapidtron; (ii) such covenants relate to matters which are  of  a
special,  unique,  and  extraordinary  character  that  gives  each  of  such
covenants a unique and extraordinary value; and (iii) a breach of any of such
covenants  will  result in irreparable harm and damages  to  Rapidtron  which
cannot  be  adequately compensated by a monetary award.  Accordingly,  it  is
expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available at  law  or
in  equity, Rapidtron shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable
relief  to  restrain  or enjoin you from breaching any such  covenant  or  to
specifically enforce the provisions of Sections 7 or 8 above.

     10.2  No  Limitation  of Remedies.  Notwithstanding the  provisions  set
forth  in Section 10.1 of this Agreement or any other provision contained  in
this  Agreement, the parties hereby agree that no remedy conferred by any  of
the specific provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, this
Section  10,  is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and  each  and
every  remedy  shall be cumulative and shall be in addition  to  every  other
remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute or otherwise.

     10.3  No Setoff.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in
this  Agreement, all payments paid by Rapidtron to you under this  Agreement,
including, without limitation, the compensation under Section 6 above,  shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever.

11.   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is in the nature of  a  personal
services  contract;  and subject to Section 9.6 above,  neither  party  shall
assign  this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other  party.
This  Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of  the  parties
hereto  and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs  and  legal
representatives.

<PAGE>

12.   Governing  Law.   This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  under  and  in
accordance  with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the  State  of
California (without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law).

13.   Waiver.   The failure of any party to insist on strict compliance  with
any  of  the terms, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by  any  other
party  shall not be deemed a waiver of that term, covenant or condition,  nor
shall  any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time  or
times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all  or
any other times.

14.   Notices.   Any  notice  or other communication  required  or  permitted
hereunder (each, a "Notice") shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have
been  given  (a) two (2) days following deposit of such Notice in the  United
States  mail,  certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested,  or  (b)
upon  receipt if delivered personally, or delivered by reputable,  recognized
third  party  overnight delivery service or courier service or (c)  the  next
business  day  following receipt, if transmitted by facsimile (provided  that
such  facsimile is followed by the deposit of the original Notice, or a  copy
thereof,  in  the  United  States mail, certified,  postage  prepaid,  return
receipt requested, no later than the next business day following transmission
of such facsimile), addressed to the parties as follows:

Creel:              John Creel
                    21 LaRochelle
                    Newport Beach, California  92660

To Rapidtron:       Rapidtron, Inc.
                    3151 Airway Avenue, building Q
                    Costa Mesa, California 92626

                    Facsimile Number: 949-474-4550

with copies to:     Raymond A. Lee, Esq.
                    Lee Goddard LLP
                    18500 Von Karman Ave., Suite 700
                    Irvine, CA 92612

Either  party  may  require such Notices to be delivered  and  given  to  any
address  different  from or additional to the address  set  forth  above,  by
delivering Notice thereof to the other party pursuant to this Section.

15.   Integration.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  of  the
parties  hereto  with  respect to the engagement  and  retention  of  you  by
Rapidtron  and  your services to Sub, and supersedes any and  all  prior  and
contemporaneous agreements, whether oral or in writing, between  the  parties
hereto  with  respect  to  the subject matter hereof.   Each  party  to  this
Agreement  acknowledges  that no representations,  inducements,  promises  or
agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone  acting
on  behalf  of  any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement  or  such
addenda  (or in other written agreements signed by the parties and dated  the
date hereof), and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained
in this Agreement or such addenda (or such other written agreements) shall be
valid or binding on either party.

16.   Amendments.   This Agreement may not be amended, modified,  altered  or
supplemented  except  by  written agreement executed  and  delivered  by  the
parties hereto.

<PAGE>

17.   Survival of Certain Rights and Obligations.  The rights and obligations
of  the  parties  hereto pursuant to Sections 7, 8, 9, 9.5, and  10  of  this
Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

18.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable,  the  remaining
provisions  shall nevertheless continue in full force without being  impaired
or  invalidated in any way.  If any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision of this Agreement to be invalid, void or unenforceable with respect
to  any state, region or locality, such provision shall nevertheless continue
in full force and effect in all other states, regions and localities to which
such provision applies.

19.   Further Assurances.  The parties agree that, at any time and from  time
to  time  during the Term, they will take any action and execute and  deliver
any  document which the other party reasonably requests in order to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement.

20.   Headings.   The  section headings contained in this Agreement  are  for
reference  purposes  only and shall not affect in  any  way  the  meaning  or
interpretation of this Agreement.

21.    Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or   more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original, but  all  of  which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

22.   Attorneys'  Fees.  If any action at law or in equity  is  necessary  to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party  shall
be entitled to recover any and all reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness
fees,  costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other  relief  to
which such party may be entitled.

23.   Incorporation.   The  recitals  and  exhibits  to  this  Agreement  are
incorporated herein and, by this reference, made a part hereof  as  if  fully
set forth herein.

24.   No  Third  Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement is made and entered  into
between  the parties solely for the benefit of the parties, and not  for  the
benefit  of  any  other third party or entity.  Except John Creel,  no  third
party  or  entity shall be deemed or considered a third party beneficiary  of
any  covenant, promise or other provision of this Agreement or have any right
to  enforce any such covenant, promise or other provision against  either  or
both parties.


                      [signatures follow on next page]

<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each  of the parties hereto  has  duly  executed  this
Agreement effective as of the date first above written.

"Rapidtron"

RAPIDTRON, INC,
a Delaware corporation

By:
  Steve Meineke, General Manager



"You"



JOHN CREEL, an individual


<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit B


                               Use of Proceeds

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

USE OF PROCEEDS                        2002            2003
                                    NOV/DEC             JAN            FEB
<S>                              <C>            <C>            <C>
Payables to Axess Ag             100,000.00
New equipment and cards
    Park City                     57,000.00
    Copper Mtn                                    22,000.00
    Aspen                                         18,000.00
    Fitness (Bally and others)                   215,000.00      82,500.00
   total equipment and cards
Marketing materials, media and
trade show exp.
    Club Industry and IAAPA      145,000.00
    IHRSA                                         15,000.00      15,000.00
    Marketing fees                                 2,500.00       2,500.00
    Resort NSAA                                    5,000.00
    New industries                                               12,500.00
Travel and expenses               28,000.00       15,000.00      10,000.00
Software interface payments
    Aphelion                      26,000.00       10,000.00
    CSI and CheckFree                             10,000.00
    Bruce Spurr                   12,000.00       25,000.00
    Bally                                         25,000.00      10,000.00
Operational expenses             132,000.00       90,000.00      92,500.00
Debit/Credit software
Upgrade OEM software
Increased staffing and
outsourcing                                       25,000.00      25,000.00
Commission to broker                                      -              -
Legal Audit for Merger and
Public reporting                                  22,500.00
Legal, Audit fees per LOI                         50,000.00
TOTAL                            500,000.00      550,000.00     250,000.00

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
USE OF PROCEEDS
                          MAR            APR           TOTAL
<S>                    <C>         <C>         <C>            <C>
Payables to Axess
Ag                                              $ 100,000.00
New equipment and
cards
    Park City                                   $  57,000.00
    Copper Mtn                                  $  22,000.00
    Aspen                                       $  18,000.00
    Fitness (Bally
and others)        165,000.00      65,000.00    $ 527,500.00
   total equipment
and cards                                                      $724,500.00
Marketing
materials, media
and trade show
exp.
    Club Industry
and IAAPA                                       $ 145,000.00
    IHRSA                                       $  30,000.00
    Marketing fees   2,500.00       2,500.00    $  10,000.00
    Resort NSAA      5,000.00       5,000.00    $  15,000.00
    New industries  80,000.00      20,000.00    $ 112,500.00
Travel and
expenses                                        $  53,000.00
Software interface
payments
    Aphelion                                    $  36,000.00
    CSI and
CheckFree           10,000.00                   $  20,000.00
    Bruce Spurr                                 $  37,000.00
    Bally           15,000.00      25,000.00    $  75,000.00
Operational
expenses                                         $314,500.00
Debit/Credit
software            75,000.00                   $  75,000.00
Upgrade OEM                                -
software           100,000.00                   $ 100,000.00
Increased staffing
and outsourcing     25,000.00      25,000.00    $ 100,000.00
Commission to
broker                      -      50,000.00    $  50,000.00
Legal Audit for
Merger and Public
reporting           22,500.00       7,500.00    $  52,500.00
Legal, Audit fees
per LOI                                         $  50,000.00
TOTAL              500,000.00     200,000.00   $2,000,000.00
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit C


                              Replacement Notes

<PAGE>

                                 REPLACEMENT
                               PROMISSORY NOTE

                              $________________
                             (Principal Amount)

                                   Dated:

                                Executed at:
                               (City, Country)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, RAPIDTRON, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Maker"), hereby
promises to pay to Holder, or its assignee, at Nominee - c/o
, or such address as may be designated in writing by any holder of this Note,
the sum of____________________ US Dollars and No Cents ($_______________).
The repayment of this Note (including principal and interest, if any) is due
in full on March 31, 2003, and thereafter upon demand.

This Note shall bear a non-compounded interest rate of ten percent (10%) per
annum beginning on the date hereof, and continuing until principal and
interest are fully paid.

TERMS OF REPAYMENT:

1.   Pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
January 17, 2003, among Rapidtron, Inc., a Nevada corporation, formerly known
as The Furnishing Club ("RPDT"); RTI Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, and Maker (the "Merger Agreement"), this Replacement Promissory
Note (this "Note") is made in full replacement of that certain Promissory
Note dated __________ made by Maker payable to  ______________________
("Holder"), or order, for the principal amount of $____________.

2.   This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty.

3.   Upon closing of Merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the
entire outstanding balance of this Note, including all principal and interest
accrued, shall, ipso facto and without any action by the Holder, be converted
into restricted shares of common stock of RPDT ("Stock"), at a conversion
rate of $1.00 per share.   This Note and the Stock issued upon conversion
hereof is and shall be issued under an exemption from registration under
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  The Holder hereby
represents that it is acquiring this Note and the Stock hereunder or acquired
pursuant hereto for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, with the
present intention of holding such securities for purposes of investment, and
not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that
it has no intention of selling this Note or the Stock in a public
distribution in violation of the federal securities laws or any applicable
state securities laws.  Holder acknowledges that the Stock will contain a
restrictive legend in accordance with Rule 144.

4.   If the Merger Agreement is terminated and the Merger is abandoned,
Paragraph 3 of this Note shall no longer apply and this Note shall remain an
outstanding obligation payable by Maker to Holder in full on or before March
31, 2003.

5.   Security Lien. The Maker of this Note hereby grants to the Holder a
security interest in any and all of Maker's assets, including but not limited
to, real property, inventory, receivables, vehicles, furniture, intellectual
property and equipment.

6.   In the event of the failure to make any payment when due, the holder of
this Note may declare the entire principal balance and accrued interest
immediately due and payable.  Any overdue payment shall bear interest at the
rate of twelve percent (12%), or at such lower rate mandated by law, per
annum until principal and interest are fully paid.

7.   All parties to this Note, including the Maker and any endorser or
guarantors, if any, jointly and severally waive presentment, notice or
dishonor and diligence in collecting and all agree to remain fully obligated
under the terms of this Note even if, without notice, the time for payment is

<PAGE>

extended; or the Note is renewed or modified; or one of the parties is
released or discharged; or the release or substitution of any collateral
given as security for the payment of the Note.

8.   No course of dealing between the parties of this Note, and no delay on
the part of the Holder in exercising any rights hereunder, shall operate as a
waiver of the rights of the holder.  No covenant, provision or Default
hereunder may be waived except by written instrument signed by the waiving
party, and no such waiver shall extend to or impair any obligation not
expressly waived.

9.   If any provision herein is determined to be unlawful, it is hereby
agreed that this Note shall remain in full force and effect and shall be
construed as if the provision determined to be unlawful was never contained
herein and a reasonable provision shall be substituted therein.  This
Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Nevada.

10.  If this Note is not paid promptly in accordance with its terms, the
Undersigned agrees to pay all costs of collection and enforcement, including,
but not limited to, private costs, court costs and reasonable attorney fees.
In the event that any judgment is obtained under this Note, the Undersigned
waive, to the extent permitted under the law, the benefit of any law
exempting their property, or any part of it.

                       [signatures begin on next page]

<PAGE>

AGREED:

"MAKER"

RAPIDTRON, INC., a Delaware corporation


By:
Name:
Title:

"HOLDER"

__________________________________________

By:
Name:
Title:

"RPDT"

RAPIDTRON, INC., a Nevada corporation


By:
Name:
Title:



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
