<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>shaft8ka1jan62003ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION
<TEXT>
                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION


         This Agreement and Plan of Reorganization  (the "Agreement"),  dated as
of the 3rd day of January 2003, by and between Shaft, Inc., a Nevada corporation
("Shaft"),  and Elegant  Concrete  Technologies,  Inc.,  a New York  corporation
("Elegant"), and the shareholders of Elegant ("Shareholders"), with reference to
the following:

               A.  Shaft is a Nevada  corporation  organized  on March 9,  1990.
          Shaft has  authorized  capital stock of  100,000,000  shares of common
          stock, $.001 par value ("Shaft Common Stock"), of which 702,755 shares
          are issued and outstanding.

               B. Elegant is a privately held  corporation  organized  under the
          laws of the State of New York on April 3, 2002. Elegant has authorized
          capital  stock of  20,000  shares  of  common  stock,  $1.00 par value
          ("Elegant  Common  Stock"),  of which 167 2/3  shares  are  issued and
          outstanding.

               C. The  respective  Boards of Directors of Shaft and Elegant have
          deemed it  advisable  and in the best  interests  of Shaft and Elegant
          that  Elegant  be  acquired  by  Shaft,  pursuant  to  the  terms  and
          conditions set forth in this Agreement.

               D. Shaft and Elegant  propose to enter into this Agreement  which
          provides  among  other  things that all of the  outstanding  shares of
          Elegant  Common  Stock be acquired by Shaft,  in exchange  for 500,000
          shares of Shaft Common Stock and such  additional  items as more fully
          described in the Agreement.

               E. The parties  desire the  transaction  to qualify as a tax-free
          reorganization  under  Section 368  (a)(1)(B) of the Internal  Revenue
          Code of 1986, as amended.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE 1
                                 THE ACQUISITION

         1.01 At the Closing, a total of 167 2/3 shares of Elegant Common Stock,
which represents all of the outstanding shares of Elegant,  shall be acquired by
Shaft in  exchange  for 500,000  restricted  shares of Shaft  Common  Stock (the
"Shaft  Shares").  The Shaft Shares shall be issued as set forth in Exhibit A to
this Agreement.

         1.02 At the Closing, the Elegant shareholders will deliver certificates
for the outstanding  shares of Elegant Common Stock, duly endorsed so as to make
Shaft the sole holder thereof,  free and clear of all claims,  and  encumbrances
and Shaft shall deliver a transmittal  letter  directed to the transfer agent of
Shaft directing the issuance of the Shaft Shares to the  shareholders of Elegant
as set forth on Exhibit A of this Agreement.



<PAGE>

         1.03 Following the  reorganization  the cancellation of shares detailed
in Article  2.02(d)  below,  there  will be a total of  994,000  shares of Shaft
Common Stock issued and outstanding.

         1.04  Following  the  reorganization,  Elegant  will be a wholly  owned
subsidiary of Shaft.

                                    ARTICLE 2
                                   THE CLOSING

         2.01  The  consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated  by  this
Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at on or before January 6, 2003, (the
"Closing  Date") or at such other  place or date and time as may be agreed to in
writing by the parties hereto.

         2.02 The following  conditions are a part of this Agreement and must be
completed on the Closing Date, or such other date specified by the parties:

         (a) Alan Hillsberg and Anthony Costanzo will be appointed to, and shall
be the sole members of, the Board of Directors of Shaft.  Jennifer  Harris shall
resign as a director of Shaft.

         (b) Jennifer Harris,  who is currently the sole officer of Shaft,  will
resign as an officer of Shaft and Alan Hilsberg  will be appointed  President of
Shaft.,  and  Anthony  Costanzo  will  be  appointed  Chief  Financial  Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer of Shaft.

         (c) Shaft shall obtain the necessary  approval to amend its Articles of
Incorporation   to  change  the  name  of  the   Company  to  Elegant   Concrete
Technologies, Inc., or such similar name as is available in the State of Nevada.

         (d) Shaft shall acquire and cancel 208,755 shares of Shaft Common Stock
leaving 494,000 shares of Shaft Common Stock outstanding.

         (e) Shaft  will  obtain the  necessary  approval  to forward  split its
issued and  outstanding  Shaft Common Stock on a ten for one basis following the
Closing of this Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE 3
                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SHAFT

         Shaft hereby represents and warrants to Elegant as follows:

         3.01   Attached hereto is each of the following:

                  (a)  Financial  Statements.  Audited  financial  statements of
         Shaft including, but not limited to, balance sheets and profit and loss
         statements from the fiscal years end 2000, 2001 and unaudited financial
         statements  through  9/30/2002,  prepared in accordance  with generally
         accepted  accounting  principles and which fairly present the financial
         condition of Shaft at the dates thereof. (Schedule A)



<PAGE>

                  (b)  Property.   An  accurate  list  and  description  of  all
         property,  real or  personal,  owned by  Shaft  of a value  equal to or
         greater than $1,000.00. (Schedule B.)

                  (c) Liens and Liabilities. A complete and accurate list of all
         material liens, encumbrances,  easements, security interests or similar
         interests  in or on any of the assets  listed on Schedule A.  (Schedule
         C.) A  complete  and  accurate  list  of  all  debts,  liabilities  and
         obligations  of  Shaft  incurred  or  owing  as of  the  date  of  this
         Agreement. (Schedule C.1.)

                  (d)  Leases  and  Contracts.  A  complete  and  accurate  list
         describing  all  material  terms  of  each  lease  (whether  of real or
         personal  property)  and  each  contract,  promissory  note,  mortgage,
         license,  franchise,  or other  written  agreement  to which Shaft is a
         party which involves or can reasonably be expected to involve aggregate
         future  payments  or  receipts  by Shaft  (whether by the terms of such
         lease, contract,  promissory note, license,  franchise or other written
         agreement  or as a result of a guarantee of the payment of or indemnity
         against the failure to pay same) of $1,000.00 or more  annually  during
         the  twelve-month  period ended  December 31, 2002, or any  consecutive
         twelve-month  period  thereafter,  except any of said instruments which
         terminate or are cancelable  without  penalty during such  twelve-month
         period. (Schedule D.)

                  (e) Loan Agreements.  Complete and accurate copies of all loan
         agreements and other documents with respect to obligations of Shaft for
         the repayment of borrowed money. (Schedule E.)

                  (f)  Consents  Required.  A  complete  list of all  agreements
         wherein consent to the transaction  herein  contemplated is required to
         avoid a default  thereunder;  or where  notice of such  transaction  is
         required  at  or  subsequent  to  closing,   or  where  consent  to  an
         acquisition,  consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the
         assets is required to avoid a default thereunder. (Schedule F.)

                  (g) Articles and Bylaws.  Complete and accurate  copies of the
         Certificate and Articles of Incorporation  and Bylaws of Shaft together
         with all amendments thereto to the date hereof. (Schedule G.)

                  (h)  Shareholders.  A complete list of all persons or entities
         holding capital stock of Shaft (as certified by Shaft's transfer agent)
         or any rights to  subscribe  for,  acquire,  or  receive  shares of the
         capital stock of Shaft (whether warrants, calls, options, or conversion
         rights),  including copies of all stock option plans whether  qualified
         or nonqualified, and other similar agreements. (Schedule H.)

                  (i) Officers and Directors. A complete and current list of all
         Officers and Directors of Shaft, each of whom shall resign effective as
         of the Closing Date. (Schedule I.)



<PAGE>

                  (j) Salary  Schedule.  A complete  and  accurate  list (in all
         material  respects)  of the names and the current  salary rate for each
         present  employee of Shaft who received  $1,000.00 or more in aggregate
         compensation from Shaft whether in salary,  bonus or otherwise,  during
         the year 2001,  or who is presently  scheduled to receive  compensation
         from  Shaft  whether  in a  salary,  bonus or  otherwise  in  excess of
         $1,000.00 during the year ending December 2002,  including in each case
         the amount of compensation received or scheduled to be received,  and a
         schedule of the hourly rates of all other employees listed according to
         departments.  All such  employees  are "at  will"  employees  of Shaft.
         (Schedule J.)

                  (k) Litigation.  A complete and accurate list (in all material
         respects) of all material civil, criminal, administrative,  arbitration
         or  other  such  proceedings  or  investigations   (including   without
         limitations   unfair  labor  practice   matters,   labor   organization
         activities,  environmental matters and civil rights violations) pending
         or, to the  knowledge of Shaft  threatened,  which may  materially  and
         adversely affect Shaft. (Schedule K.)

                  (l) Tax Returns.  Accurate copies of all Federal and State tax
         returns for Shaft for the last fiscal year. (Schedule L.)

                  (m) Agency Reports.  Copies of all material reports or filings
         (and a list of the  categories  of reports or filings made on a regular
         basis) made by Shaft under ERISA,  EEOC, FDA and all other governmental
         agencies  (federal,  state  or  local)  during  the last  fiscal  year.
         (Schedule M.)

                  (n)  Banks.   A  true  and  complete  list  (in  all  material
         respects),  as of the date of this  Agreement,  showing (1) the name of
         each bank in which Shaft has an account or safe  deposit  box,  and (2)
         the names and addresses of all signatories. (Schedule N.)

                  (o) Jurisdictions Where Qualified. A list of all jurisdictions
         wherein  Shaft is  qualified  to do business  and is in good  standing.
         (Schedule O.)

                  (p)  Subsidiaries.  A  complete  list of all  subsidiaries  of
         Shaft.  (Schedule P.) The term  "Subsidiary"  or  "Subsidiaries"  shall
         include corporations,  unincorporated associations, partnerships, joint
         ventures, or similar entities in which SHAFT has an interest, direct or
         indirect.

                  (q) Union Matters.  An accurate list and  description  (in all
         material  respects) of all union  contracts and  collective  bargaining
         agreements of Shaft, if any. (Schedule Q.)

                  (r) Employee and Consultant Contracts. A complete and accurate
         list of all employee  and  consultant  contracts  which Shaft may have,
         other than those listed in the schedule on Union Matters. (Schedule R.)


<PAGE>

                  (s) Employee  Benefit Plans.  Complete and accurate  copies of
         all salary,  stock options,  bonus,  incentive  compensation,  deferred
         compensation,  profit sharing,  retirement,  pension,  group insurance,
         disability,  death benefit or other benefit plans,  trust agreements or
         arrangements  of  Shaft  in  effect  on the date  hereof  or to  become
         effective  after  the  date  thereof,   together  with  copies  of  any
         determination  letters  issued by the  Internal  Revenue  Service  with
         respect thereto. (Schedule S.)

                  (t) Insurance  Policies.  A complete and accurate list (in all
         material respects) and a description of all material insurance policies
         naming Shaft as an insured or beneficiary or as a loss payable payee or
         for  which  Shaft has paid all or part of the  premium  in force on the
         date hereof,  specifying any notice or other  information  possessed by
         Shaft regarding  possible claims  thereunder,  cancellation  thereof or
         premium increases thereon,  including any policies now in effect naming
         Shaft  as  beneficiary  covering  the  business  activities  of  Shaft.
         (Schedule T.)

                  (u)  Customers.  A complete and accurate list (in all material
         respects) of the  customers  of Shaft,  including  presently  effective
         contracts  of Shaft or(?) to be assigned to Shaft,  accounting  for the
         principle  revenues of Shaft,  indicating  the dollar  amounts of gross
         income of each such  customer for the period  ended  December 31, 2000.
         (Schedule U.)

                  (v)  Licenses and Permits.  A complete  list of all  licenses,
         permits and other authorizations of Shaft. (Schedule V.)

3.02  Organization,  Standing and Power.  Shaft is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada with
all requisite  corporate  power to own or lease its  properties and carry on its
businesses as are now being conducted.

3.03  Qualification.  Shaft  is duly  qualified  and is  licensed  as a  foreign
corporation  authorized to do business in each jurisdiction  wherein it conducts
its business operations. Such jurisdictions, which are the only jurisdictions in
which Shaft is duly qualified and licensed as a foreign  corporation,  are shown
in Schedule O.

3.04  Capitalization of Shaft. The authorized capital stock of Shaft consists of
100,000,000  shares of Common Stock,  $.001 par value,  of which the only shares
issued and outstanding are 702,755 issued to shareholders  listed on Schedule H,
which  shares  were  duly   authorized,   validly  issued  and  fully  paid  and
nonassessable,   and  were  issued  in  accordance  with  the   registration  or
qualification  provisions of the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act")
and  any  relevant  state  securities  laws  or  pursuant  to  valid  exemptions
therefrom.  There are no  preemptive  rights  with  respect to the Shaft  Common
Stock.  There is no  agreement  or  understanding  between  any  persons  and/or
entities,  which affects or relates to the voting or giving of written  consents
with respect to any security or by a director of Shaft.

3.05 Authority. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and consummation of
the transactions  contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate  actions,  including  but not limited to duly and  validly  authorized



<PAGE>

action  and  approval  by the Board of  Directors,  on the part of  Shaft.  This
Agreement  constitutes  the valid and binding  obligation  of Shaft  enforceable
against it in  accordance  with its terms,  subject to the  principles of equity
applicable  to the  availability  of the remedy of  specific  performance.  This
Agreement has been duly executed by Shaft and the execution and delivery of this
Agreement  and  the  consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement  shall not result in any breach of any terms or  provisions of Shaft's
Certificate and Articles of  Incorporation  or Bylaws or of any other agreement,
court order or instrument to which Shaft is a party or bound by.

3.06 Absence of Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Shaft has no material  liabilities of
any nature,  whether  fixed,  absolute,  contingent  or accrued,  which were not
reflected  on the  financial  statements  set forth in  Schedule A or  otherwise
disclosed in this Agreement or any of the Schedules or Exhibits attached hereto.
As of the Closing,  Shaft shall have no assets or  liabilities  other than those
resulting from the acquisition of Elegant.

3.07 Absence of Changes. Since December 31, 2001 there has not been any material
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise),  assets,  liabilities,
earnings or business of Shaft,  except for changes  resulting from completion of
those transactions described in Section 2.02(e) and Section 5.01

3.08 Tax  Matters.  All taxes and other  assessments  and levies  which Shaft is
required by law to withhold or to collect have been duly withheld and collected,
and have been  paid over to the  proper  government  authorities  or are held by
Shaft  in  separate  bank  accounts  for  such  payment  or are  represented  by
depository  receipts,  and all such  withholdings  and collections and all other
payments due in connection therewith (including, without limitation,  employment
taxes,  both the  employee's  and  employer's  share) have been paid over to the
government or placed in a separate and segregated bank account for such purpose.
There are no known deficiencies in income taxes for any periods and further, the
representations  and  warranties  as  to  absence  of  undisclosed   liabilities
contained in Section 3.06  includes any and all tax  liabilities  of  whatsoever
kind or nature (including,  without  limitation,  all federal,  state, local and
foreign  income,  profit,  franchise,  sales,  use and property taxes) due or to
become due, incurred in respect of or measured by Shaft income or business prior
to the Closing Date.

3.09 Options,  Warrants, etc. Except as otherwise described in Schedule H, there
are no outstanding options,  warrants,  calls,  commitments or agreements of any
character  to which Shaft or its  shareholders  are a party or by which Shaft or
its shareholders  are bound, or are a party,  calling for the issuance of shares
of capital stock of Shaft or any securities  representing  the right to purchase
or otherwise receive any such capital stock of Shaft.

3.10 Title to Assets.  Except  for liens set forth in  Schedule  C, Shaft is the
sole  unconditional  owner of,  with good and  marketable  title to,  all assets
listed in the  schedules  as owned by it and all other  property  and assets are
free and clear of all mortgages,  liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any
nature whatsoever.




<PAGE>

3.11  Agreements in Force and Effect.  Except as set forth in Schedules D and E,
all material contracts,  agreements, plans, promissory notes, mortgages, leases,
policies, licenses,  franchises or similar instruments to which Shaft is a party
are valid and in full  force and  effect on the date  hereof,  and Shaft has not
breached  any  material  provision  of, and is not in  default  in any  material
respect under the terms of, any such contract, agreement, plan, promissory note,
mortgage,  lease, policy, license,  franchise or similar instrument which breach
or default would have a material adverse effect upon the business, operations or
financial condition of Shaft.

3.12 Legal  Proceedings,  Etc.  Except as set forth in  Schedule K, there are no
civil,  criminal,  administrative,  arbitration  or other  such  proceedings  or
investigations  pending or, to the knowledge of either Shaft or the shareholders
thereof,  threatened,  in which,  individually  or in the aggregate,  an adverse
determination  would  materially  and adversely  affect the assets,  properties,
business or income of Shaft.  Shaft has substantially  complied with, and is not
in default in any material  respect under, any laws,  ordinances,  requirements,
regulations or orders applicable to its businesses.

3.13 Governmental Regulation.  To the knowledge of Shaft and except as set forth
in Schedule K, Shaft is not in  violation  of or in default  with respect to any
applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation,  order, writ or decree of any
court or any governmental commission,  board, bureau, agency or instrumentality,
or  delinquent  with  respect  to any  report  required  to be  filed  with  any
governmental   commission,   board,  bureau,  agency  or  instrumentality  which
violation or default  could have a material  adverse  effect upon the  business,
operations or financial condition of Shaft.

3.14 Brokers and Finders.  Shaft shall be solely  responsible for payment to any
broker or  finder  retained  by Shaft for any  brokerage  fees,  commissions  or
finders' fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. Shaft has
not agreed to pay any fees or commissions to any party.

3.15 Accuracy of Information.  No  representation or warranty by Shaft contained
in this  Agreement  and no  statement  contained  in any  certificate  or  other
instrument  delivered  or to be  delivered  to  Elegant  pursuant  hereto  or in
connection  with  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  (including  without
limitation  all  Schedules  and  exhibits  hereto)  contains or will contain any
untrue  statement  of material  fact or omits or will omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements  contained  herein or therein not
misleading.

3.16 Subsidiaries. Except as listed in Schedule P, Shaft does not have any other
subsidiaries or own capital stock  representing ten percent (10%) or more of the
issued and outstanding stock of any other corporation.

3.17  Consents.  Except as listed in Schedule  F, no consent or approval  of, or
registration,  qualification or filing with, any governmental authority or other
person is required to be obtained or  accomplished  by Shaft or any  shareholder
thereof in connection  with the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby.

3.18 Improper Payments.  Neither Shaft, nor any person acting on behalf of Shaft
has made any payment or  otherwise  transmitted  anything of value,  directly or
indirectly,  to (a) any  official  or any  government  or  agency  or  political



<PAGE>

subdivision  thereof for the purpose of influencing  any decision  affecting the
business of Shaft (b) any customer,  supplier or competitor of Shaft or employee
of such  customer,  supplier  or  competitor,  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining,
retaining or  directing  business  for Shaft or (c) any  political  party or any
candidate for elective political office nor has any fund or other asset of Shaft
been  maintained  that was not fully  and  accurately  recorded  on the books of
account of Shaft.

3.19 Copies of Documents. Shaft has made available for inspection and copying by
Elegant and its duly authorized  representatives,  and will continue to do so at
all times,  true and correct copies of all documents which it has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and all other governmental agencies which are
material to the terms and conditions  contained in this Agreement.  Furthermore,
all filings by Shaft with the Securities and Exchange Commission,  and all other
governmental  agencies,  including  but  not  limited  to the  Internal  Revenue
Service,  have  contained  information  which is true and  correct,  to the best
knowledge of the Board of Directors of Shaft,  in all material  respects and did
not  contain  any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to state  any
material fact  necessary to make the  statements  made therein not misleading or
which could have any material  adverse  effect upon the  financial  condition or
operations of Shaft or adversely  affect the  objectives of this  Agreement with
respect to Elegant  including,  but not limited to, the issuance and  subsequent
trading of the shares of Shaft  Common Stock to be received  hereby,  subject to
compliance by the shareholders of Elegant with applicable law.

3.20 Valid Issuance of Securities.  The Shares,  when issued, sold and delivered
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for the  consideration  expressed
herein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will
be free of  restrictions  on transfer other than  restrictions on transfer under
this Agreement and under applicable state and federal securities laws.

3.21 Related Party Transactions. No employee, officer or director of the Company
or member of his or her immediate family is indebted to the Company,  nor is the
Company  indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee  credit) to
any of them. No member of the immediate family of any officer or director of the
Company is directly or indirectly  interested in any material  contract with the
Company.

3.22 No Operations.  Shaft has not conducted any substantial business operations
for the sale and/or delivery of products and/or services since September 2000.

                                    ARTICLE 4
                        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
                       ELEGANT CONCRETE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

         Elegant hereby represents and warrants to Shaft as follows:

4.01  Elegant  shall deliver to Shaft, on or before Closing, the following:



<PAGE>

                  (a) Financial  Statements.  Unaudited  balance  sheets as of a
         recent date and audited financial  statements  delivered within 60 days
         of closing.  Elegant has no material  liabilities  other than  ordinary
         expenses of  organization  and regular  contracts  for the  delivery of
         concrete. (Schedule AA)

                  (b)  Property.   An  accurate  list  and  description  of  all
         property,  real or  personal  owned by Elegant  of a value  equal to or
         greater than $1,000.00. (Schedule BB)

                  (c) Liens and Liabilities. A complete and accurate list of all
         material liens, encumbrances,  easements, security interests or similar
         interests in or on any of the assets  listed on Schedule AA.  (Schedule
         CC.) A  complete  and  accurate  list  of all  debts,  liabilities  and
         obligations  of  Elegant  incurred  or  owing  as of the  date  of this
         Agreement. (Schedule CC.1.)

                  (d)  Leases  and  Contracts.  A  complete  and  accurate  list
         describing  all material terms of material  leases  (whether of real or
         personal  property)  and  each  contract,  promissory  note,  mortgage,
         license,  franchise,  or other written  agreement to which Elegant is a
         party which involves or can reasonably be expected to involve aggregate
         future  payments or  receipts by Elegant  (whether by the terms of such
         lease, contract,  promissory note, license,  franchise or other written
         agreement  or as a result of a guarantee of the payment of or indemnity
         against the failure to pay same) of $1,000.00 or more  annually  during
         the  twelve-month  period ended  December  31, 2002 or any  consecutive
         twelve-month  period  thereafter,  except any of said instruments which
         terminate or are cancelable  without  penalty during such  twelve-month
         period. (Schedule DD.)

                  (e) Loan Agreements.  Complete and accurate copies of all loan
         agreements  and other  documents with respect to obligations of Elegant
         for the repayment of borrowed money. (Schedule EE.)

                  (f)  Consents  Required.  A  complete  list of all  agreements
         wherein consent to the transaction  herein  contemplated is required to
         avoid a default  thereunder;  or where  notice of such  transaction  is
         required  at  or  subsequent  to  closing,   or  where  consent  to  an
         acquisition,  consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the
         assets is required to avoid a default thereunder. (Schedule FF.)

                  (g) Articles and Bylaws.  Complete and accurate  copies of the
         Articles  of  Incorporation  and Bylaws of Elegant,  together  with all
         amendments thereto to the date hereof. (Schedule GG.)

                  (h)  Shareholders.  A complete list of all persons or entities
         holding  capital  stock of  Elegant  or any  rights to  subscribe  for,
         acquire,  or receive  shares of the capital  stock of Elegant  (whether
         warrants,  calls,  options, or conversion rights),  including copies of
         all stock option plans  whether  qualified or  nonqualified,  and other
         similar agreements. (Schedule HH.)




<PAGE>

                  (i) Officers and Directors. A complete and current list of all
         officers and Directors of Elegant. (Schedule II.)

                  (j) Salary  Schedule.  A complete  and  accurate  list (in all
         material  respects)  of the names and the  current  salary rate or each
         present  employee of Elegant who  received  $1,000 or more in aggregate
         compensation from Elegant whether in salary, bonus or otherwise, during
         the year 2001, or who is presently  scheduled to receive from Elegant a
         salary in excess of $1,000.00 during the year ending December 31, 2002,
         including in each case the amount of compensation received or scheduled
         to be  received,  and a  schedule  of the  hourly  rates  of all  other
         employees listed according to departments. (Schedule JJ.)

                  (k) Litigation.  A complete and accurate list (in all material
         respects) of all material civil, criminal, administrative,  arbitration
         or  other  such  proceedings  or  investigations   (including   without
         limitations   unfair  labor  practice   matters,   labor   organization
         activities,  environmental matters and civil rights violations) pending
         or, to the knowledge of Elegant  threatened,  which may  materially and
         adversely affect Elegant. (Schedule KK.)

                  (l) Tax Returns.  Accurate copies of all Federal and State tax
         returns for Elegant, if any. (Schedule LL.)

                  (m) Agency Reports.  Copies of all material reports or filings
         (and a list of the  categories  of reports or filings made on a regular
         basis)  made  by  Elegant  under  ERISA,   EEOC,   FDA  and  all  other
         governmental agencies (federal, state or local). (Schedule MM.)

                  (n)  Banks.   A  true  and  complete  list  (in  all  material
         respects),  as of the date of this  Agreement,  showing (1) the name of
         each bank in which  Elegant has an account or safe deposit box, and (2)
         the names and addresses of all signatories. (Schedule NN.)

                  (o) Jurisdictions Where Qualified. A list of all jurisdictions
         wherein  Elegant is qualified  to do business and is in good  standing.
         (Schedule OO.)

                  (p)  Subsidiaries.  A  complete  list of all  subsidiaries  of
         Elegant.  (Schedule PP.) The term "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries"  shall
         include corporations,  unincorporated associations, partnerships, joint
         ventures, or similar entities in which Elegant has an interest,  direct
         or indirect.

                  (q) Union Matters.  An accurate list and  description  (in all
         material   respects  of  union  contracts  and  collective   bargaining
         agreements of Elegant, if any. (Schedule QQ.)

                  (r) Employee and Consultant Contracts. A complete and accurate
         list of all employee and consultant  contracts  which Elegant may have,
         other than those  listed in the  schedule on Union  Matters.  (Schedule
         RR.)




<PAGE>

                  (s) Employee  Benefit Plans.  Complete and accurate  copies of
         all salary,  stock  option,  bonus,  incentive  compensation,  deferred
         compensation,  profit sharing,  retirement,  pension,  group insurance,
         disability,  death benefit or other benefit plans,  trust agreements or
         arrangements  of  Elegant  in  effect  on the date  hereof or to become
         effective  after  the  date  thereof,   together  with  copies  of  any
         determination  letters  issued by the  Internal  Revenue  Service  with
         respect thereto. (Schedule SS.)

                  (t) Insurance  Policies.  A complete and accurate list (in all
         material  respects) and description of all material  insurance policies
         naming  Elegant as an insured or beneficiary or as a loss payable payee
         or for which  Elegant  has paid all or part of the  premium in force on
         the date hereof,  specifying any notice or other information  possessed
         by Elegant regarding possible claims thereunder,  cancellation  thereof
         or premium  increases  thereon,  including  any  policies now in effect
         naming  Elegant as  beneficiary  covering  the business  activities  of
         Elegant. (Schedule TT.)

                  (u)  Customers.  A complete and accurate list (in all material
         respects)  of  the  customers  of  Elegant,   including  all  presently
         effective  contracts  of Elegant to be assigned to Elegant,  accounting
         for the principle revenues of Elegant, indicating the dollar amounts of
         gross  revenues  of each such  customer  for the  period  ended as of a
         recent date. (Schedule UU.)

                  (v)  Licenses and Permits.  A complete  list of all  licenses,
         permits and other authorizations of Elegant. (Schedule VV.)

4.02 Organization,  Standing and Power. Elegant is a corporation duly organized,
validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of New York
with all requisite  corporate  power to own or lease its properties and carry on
its business as is now being conducted.

4.03  Qualification.  Elegant  is  duly  qualified  and  licensed  as a  foreign
corporation  authorized to do business in each jurisdiction  wherein it conducts
business  operations.  Such  jurisdictions,  which are the only jurisdictions in
which Elegant is duly qualified and licensed as a foreign corporation,  is shown
in Schedule OO.

4.04 Capitalization of Elegant. The authorized capital stock of Elegant consists
of 20,000 shares of Common Stock,  par value $1.00 per share,  of which the only
shares  issued and  outstanding  are 167 2/3 shares  issued to the  shareholders
listed on Schedule  HH, which shares were duly  authorized,  validly  issued and
fully paid and nonassessable. There are no preemptive rights with respect to the
Elegant stock.

4.05 Authority. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and consummation of
the transactions  contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate  action,  including  but not  limited to duly and  validly  authorized
action and  approval by the Board of  Directors,  on the part of  Elegant.  This
Agreement  constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Elegant , enforceable



<PAGE>

against it in  accordance  with its terms,  subject to the  principles of equity
applicable  to the  availability  of the remedy of  specific  performance.  This
Agreement  has been duly  executed by Elegant and the  execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement shall not result in any breach of any terms or provisions of Elegant's
Articles of Incorporation  or Bylaws or of any other  agreement,  court order or
instrument to which Elegant is a party or bound.

4.06 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.  Elegant has no material liabilities of
any nature,  whether  fixed,  absolute,  contingent  or accrued,  which were not
reflected  on the  financial  statements  set forth in Schedule AA or  otherwise
disclosed in this Agreement or any of the Schedules or Exhibits attached hereto.

4.07  Absence  of  Changes.  Since  inception,  there has not been any  material
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise),  assets,  liabilities,
earnings or business of Elegant , except for changes  resulting from  completion
of those transactions described in Section 5.02.

4.08 Tax Matters.  All taxes and other  assessments  and levies which Elegant is
required by law to withhold or to collect have been duly withheld and collected,
and have been  paid over to the  proper  government  authorities  or are held by
Elegant  in  separate  bank  accounts  for such  payment or are  represented  by
depository  receipts,  and all such  withholdings  and collections and all other
payments due in connection therewith (including, without limitation,  employment
taxes,  both the  employee's  and  employer's  share) have been paid over to the
government or placed in a separate and segregated bank account for such purpose.
There are no known deficiencies in income taxes for any periods and further, the
representations  and  warranties  as  to  absence  of  undisclosed   liabilities
contained in Section 4.06  includes any and all tax  liabilities  of  whatsoever
kind or nature (including,  without  limitation,  all federal,  state, local and
foreign  income,  profit,  franchise,  sales,  use and property taxes) due or to
become due,  incurred  in respect of or  measured by Elegant  income or business
prior to the Closing Date.

4.09 Options, Warrants, etc. Except as otherwise described in Schedule HH, there
are no outstanding options,  warrants,  calls,  commitments or agreements of any
character to which Elegant or its  shareholders  are a party or by which Elegant
or its  shareholders  are bound,  or are a party,  calling  for the  issuance of
shares of capital stock of Elegant or any securities  representing  the right to
purchase or otherwise receive any such capital stock of Elegant .

4.10 Title to Assets.  Except for liens set forth in Schedule CC, Elegant is the
sole and  unconditional  owner of,  with good and  marketable  title to, all the
assets  and  patents  listed  in the  schedules  as owned by them and all  other
property and assets are free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges
or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.

4.11 Agreements in Force and Effect. Except as set forth in Schedules DD and EE,
all material contracts,  agreements, plans, promissory notes, mortgages, leases,
policies,  licenses,  franchises  or similar  instruments  to which Elegant is a
party are valid and in full force and effect on the date hereof, and Elegant has
not breached any  material  provision  of, and is not in default in any material
respect under the terms of, any such contract, agreement, plan, promissory note,




<PAGE>

mortgage,  lease, policy, license,  franchise or similar instrument which breach
or default would have a material adverse effect upon the business, operations or
financial condition of Elegant.

4.12 Legal  Proceedings,  Etc.  Except as set forth in Schedule KK, there are no
civil,  criminal,  administrative,  arbitration  or other  such  proceedings  or
investigations  pending or, to the knowledge of Elegant , threatened,  in which,
individually or in the aggregate,  an adverse determination would materially and
adversely affect the assets, properties, business or income of Elegant . Elegant
has  substantially  complied with, and is not in default in any material respect
under, any laws, ordinances,  requirements,  regulations or orders applicable to
its businesses.

4.13  Governmental  Regulation.  To the  knowledge  of Elegant and except as set
forth in Schedule KK,  Elegant is not in violation of or in default with respect
to any applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation,  order, writ or decree
of  any  court  or  any  governmental  commission,   board,  bureau,  agency  or
instrumentality,  or delinquent  with respect to any report required to be filed
with any governmental commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality which
violation or default  could have a material  adverse  effect upon the  business,
operations or financial condition of Elegant. .

4.14 Broker and Finders.  Elegant shall be solely responsible for payment to any
broker or finder  retained by Elegant for any  brokerage  fees,  commissions  or
finders' fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.

4.15 Accuracy of Information. No representation or warranty by Elegant contained
in this  Agreement  and no  statement  contained  in any  certificate  or  other
instrument  delivered  or  to  be  delivered  to  Shaft  pursuant  hereto  or in
connection  with  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  (including  without
limitation  all  Schedules  and  Exhibits  hereto)  contains or will contain any
untrue  statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements  contained  herein or therein not
misleading.

4.16  Subsidiaries.  Except as listed in Schedule PP,  Elegant does not have any
other  subsidiaries or own capital stock  representing ten percent (10%) or more
of the issued and outstanding stock of any other corporation.

4.17  Consents.  Except as listed in Schedule  FF, no consent or approval of, or
registration,  qualification or filing with, any other governmental authority or
other  person is  required  to be  obtained  or  accomplished  by Elegant or any
shareholder  thereof,  in connection with the  consummation of the  transactions
contemplated hereby.

4.18  Improper  Payments.  No person  acting on behalf of  Elegant  has made any
payment or otherwise transmitted anything of value,  directly or indirectly,  to
(a) any official or any  government or agency or political  subdivision  thereof
for the purpose of influencing any decision  affecting the business of Elegant ,
or (b) any political party or any candidate for elective  political office,  nor
has any fund or other asset of Elegant  been  maintained  that was not fully and
accurately recorded on the books of account of Elegant.



<PAGE>

4.19 Copies of Documents.  Elegant has made available for inspection and copying
by SHAFT and its duly authorized representatives,  and will continue to do so at
all times,  true and correct copies of all documents which it has filed with any
governmental  agencies which are material to the terms and conditions  contained
in this  Agreement.  Furthermore,  all  filings  by  Elegant  with  governmental
agencies,  including  but not  limited to the  Internal  Revenue  Service,  have
contained information which is true and correct in all material respects and did
not  contain  any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to state  any
material fact  necessary to make the  statements  made therein not misleading or
which could have any material  adverse  effect upon the  financial  condition or
operations of Elegant or adversely affect the objectives of this Agreement.

4.20 Investment Intent of Shareholders.  Each shareholder of Elegant  represents
and warrants to Shaft that the shares of Shaft being  acquired  pursuant to this
Agreement are being acquired for his own account and for investment and not with
a view  to the  public  resale  or  distribution  of  such  shares  and  further
acknowledges  that the shares  being issued have not been  registered  under the
Securities Act and are  "restricted  securities" as that term is defined in Rule
144 promulgated  under the Securities Act and must be held  indefinitely  unless
they are  subsequently  registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from
such registration is available.



<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE 5
                      CONDUCT AND TRANSACTIONS PRIOR TO THE
                        EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE ACQUISITION

5.01 Conduct and  Transactions of Shaft.  During the period from the date hereof
to the date of Closing, Shaft shall:

                  (a) Conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business,
         including  but not limited to, paying all  obligations  as they mature,
         complying with all applicable tax laws, filing all tax returns required
         to be filed and paying all taxes due;

                  (b) Maintain its records and books of account in a manner that
         fairly  and  correctly  reflects  its  income,  expenses,   assets  and
         liabilities.

         Shaft shall not during such period,  except in the  ordinary  course of
business, without the prior written consent of Elegant :

                  (c)  Except as  otherwise  contemplated  or  required  by this
         Agreement,  sell,  dispose  of or  encumber  any of its  properties  or
         assets;

                  (d) Except as set forth in paragraph 5.01(c) above, declare or
         pay any  dividends  on  shares of its  capital  stock or make any other
         distribution of assets to the holders thereof;

                  (e) Except as set forth in  paragraph  5.01(d)  above,  issue,
         reissue or sell,  or issue  options or rights to subscribe to, or enter
         into any contract or commitment to issue,  reissue or sell,  any shares
         of its  capital  stock or acquire or agree to acquire any shares of its
         capital stock;

                  (f) Except as  otherwise  contemplated  and  required  by this
         Agreement,  amend its Articles of Incorporation or merge or consolidate
         with or into any other  corporation or sell all or substantially all of
         its assets or change in any manner the rights of its  capital  stock or
         other securities;

                  (g) Except as contemplated or required by this Agreement,  pay
         or incur any  obligation or liability,  direct or  contingent,  of more
         than $1,000;

                  (h)  Incur  any  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money,   assume,
         guarantee,  endorse or otherwise become  responsible for obligations of
         any other party, or make loans or advances to any other party;

                  (i) Make any material change in its insurance coverage;

                  (j)  Increase  in  any  manner  the  compensation,  direct  or
         indirect,  of any of its  officers or  executive  employees;  except in
         accordance with existing employment contracts;




<PAGE>

                  (k) Enter into any  agreement  or make any  commitment  to any
         labor union or organization;

                  (l)  Make any capital expenditures.

5.02  Conduct  and  Transactions  of Elegant . During  the period  from the date
hereof to the date of Closing, Elegant shall:

                  (a)  Obtain an  investment  letter  from each  shareholder  of
         Elegant in a form substantially like that attached hereto as Exhibit B.

                  (b) Conduct the  operations of Elegant in the ordinary  course
         of business.

         Elegant shall not during such period,  except in the ordinary course of
business, without the prior written consent of Shaft:

                  (c)  Except as  otherwise  contemplated  or  required  by this
         Agreement, sell, dispose of or encumber any of the properties or assets
         of Elegant;

                  (d)  Declare  or pay any  dividends  on shares of its  capital
         stock or make any other distribution of assets to the holders thereof;

                  (e)  Issue,  reissue  or sell,  or issue  options or rights to
         subscribe  to,  or enter  into any  contract  or  commitment  to issue,
         reissue or sell, any shares of its capital stock or acquire or agree to
         acquire any shares of its capital stock;

                  (f) Except as  otherwise  contemplated  and  required  by this
         Agreement,  amend its Articles of Incorporation or merge or consolidate
         with or into any other  corporation or sell all or substantially all of
         its assets or change in any manner the rights of its  capital  stock or
         other securities;

                  (g) Except as  otherwise  contemplated  and  required  by this
         Agreement,  pay  or  incur  any  obligation  or  liability,  direct  or
         contingent, of more than $1,000;

                  (h)  Incur  any  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money,   assume,
         guarantee,  endorse or otherwise become  responsible for obligations of
         any other party, or make loans or advances to any other party;

                  (i)    Make  any  material change in its insurance coverage;

                  (j)  Increase  in  any  manner  the  compensation,  direct  or
         indirect,  of any of its  officers or  executive  employees;  except in
         accordance with existing employment contracts;



<PAGE>

                  (k) Enter into any  agreement  or make any  commitment  to any
         labor union or organization;

                  (l)  Make any  material  capital  expenditures  in  excess  of
         $1,000.00.

                  (m)  Allow  any of the  foregoing  actions  to be taken by any
         subsidiary of Elegant.

                                    ARTICLE 6
                              RIGHTS OF INSPECTION

6.01 During the period from the date of this Agreement to the date of Closing of
the  acquisition,  Shaft and Elegant agree to use their best efforts to give the
other  party,  including  its  representatives  and  agents,  full access to the
premises,  books and records of each of the  entities,  and to furnish the other
with such financial and operating data and other information including,  but not
limited to,  copies of all legal  documents and  instruments  referred to on any
schedule or exhibit hereto, with respect to the business and properties of Shaft
or Elegant,  as the case may be, as the other  shall from time to time  request;
provided,  however,  if there  are any such  investigations:  (1) they  shall be
conducted in such manner as not to unreasonably  interfere with the operation of
the  business of the other  parties and (2) such right of  inspection  shall not
affect in any way whatsoever any of the  representations  or warranties given by
the respective parties hereunder. In the event of termination of this Agreement,
Shaft and Elegant will each return to the other all  documents,  work papers and
other   materials   obtained  from  the  other  party  in  connection  with  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  and will take such other steps necessary to
protect the confidentiality of such material.

                                    ARTICLE 7
                              CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

7.01 Conditions to Obligations of Elegant.  The obligation of Elegant to perform
this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following  conditions on or
before the Closing unless waived in writing by Elegant .

                  (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The representations and
         warranties  of Shaft  set forth in  Article 3 hereof  shall be true and
         correct in all material  respects as of the date of this  Agreement and
         as of the  Closing as though made on and as of the  Closing,  except as
         otherwise permitted by this Agreement.

                  (b)  Performance  of  Obligations.  Shaft  shall  have  in all
         material respects performed all agreements  required to be performed by
         it under  this  Agreement  and shall  have  performed  in all  material
         respects any actions  contemplated by this Agreement prior to or on the
         Closing and Shaft shall have complied in all material respects with the
         course of conduct required by this Agreement.



<PAGE>

                  (c)  Corporate  Action.  Shaft shall have  furnished  minutes,
         certified  copies of corporate  resolutions  and/or  other  documentary
         evidence  satisfactory  to counsel for Elegant that Shaft has submitted
         with this  Agreement and any other  documents  required  hereby to such
         parties for approval as provided by applicable law.

                  (d) Consents.  Execution of this Agreement by the shareholders
         of Elegant  and any  consents  necessary  for or  approval of any party
         listed on any Schedule  delivered by Shaft whose consent or approval is
         required pursuant thereto shall have been obtained.

                  (e) Statutory Requirements. All statutory requirements for the
         valid  consummation by Shaft of the  transactions  contemplated by this
         Agreement shall have been fulfilled.

                  (f)  Governmental  Approval.  All  authorizations,   consents,
         approvals,  permits and orders of all  federal  and state  governmental
         agencies  required  to be  obtained  by Shaft for  consummation  of the
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.

                  (g) Changes in Financial  Condition of Shaft.  There shall not
         have occurred any material adverse change in the financial condition or
         in the  operations  of the business of Shaft,  except  expenditures  in
         furtherance of this Agreement.

                  (h) Absence of Pending Litigation.  Shaft is not engaged in or
         threatened with any suit,  action,  or legal,  administrative  or other
         proceedings or governmental investigations pertaining to this Agreement
         or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.

                  (i)  Authorization  for Issuance of Stock.  Elegant shall have
         received in form and  substance  satisfactory  to counsel for Elegant a
         letter instructing and authorizing the Registrar and Transfer Agent for
         the  shares  of  common  stock of Shaft  to  issue  stock  certificates
         representing ownership of Shaft common stock to Elegant shareholders in
         accordance  with the  terms of this  Agreement  and a letter  from said
         Registrar  and Transfer  Agent  acknowledging  receipt of the letter of
         instruction  and stating to the effect that the  Registrar and Transfer
         Agent holds adequate supplies of stock certificates necessary to comply
         with the letter of  instruction  and the terms and  conditions  of this
         Agreement.

                  (j)  Books  and  records.  Shaft  shall  delivery  to  Anthony
         Costanzo all books and records of Shaft.

7.02 Conditions to Obligations of Shaft. The obligation of Shaft to perform this
Agreement  is subject to the  satisfaction  of the  following  conditions  on or
before the Closing unless waived in writing by Shaft.



<PAGE>

                  (a)  Representations   and  Warranties.   There  shall  be  no
         information  disclosed in the schedules delivered by Elegant,  which in
         the opinion of Shaft,  would  materially  adversely affect the proposed
         transaction  and intent of the parties as set forth in this  Agreement.
         The  representations  and  warranties of Elegant set forth in Article 4
         hereof  shall be true and  correct in all  material  respects as of the
         date of this  Agreement  and as of the Closing as though made on and as
         of the Closing, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement.

                  (b)  Performance  of  Obligations.  Elegant  shall have in all
         material respects performed all agreements  required to be performed by
         it under  this  Agreement  and shall  have  performed  in all  material
         respects any actions  contemplated by this Agreement prior to or on the
         Closing and Elegant shall have complied in all respects with the course
         of conduct required by this Agreement.

                  (c) Corporate  Action.  Elegant shall have furnished  minutes,
         certified  copies of corporate  resolutions  and/or  other  documentary
         evidence  satisfactory  to Counsel for Shaft that Elegant has submitted
         with this  Agreement and any other  documents  required  hereby to such
         parties for approval as provided by applicable law.

                  (d)  Consents.  Any consents  necessary for or approval of any
         party listed on any Schedule  delivered  by Elegant,  whose  consent or
         approval is required pursuant thereto, shall have been obtained.

                  (e) Financial Statements. Shaft shall have been furnished with
         an unaudited  balance  sheet of Elegant as of a recent date and audited
         financial statements within 60 days from date of closing.

                  (f) Statutory Requirements. All statutory requirements for the
         valid consummation by Elegant of the transactions  contemplated by this
         Agreement shall have been fulfilled.

                  (g)  Governmental  Approval.  All  authorizations,   consents,
         approvals,  permits and orders of all  federal  and state  governmental
         agencies  required to be obtained  by Elegant for  consummation  of the
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.

                  (h)  Employment   Agreements.   Existing  Elegant   employment
         agreements will have been delivered to counsel for Shaft.

                  (i) Changes in  Financial  Condition  of Elegant . There shall
         not  have  occurred  any  material  adverse  change  in  the  financial
         condition  or in the  operations  of the  business of  Elegant,  except
         expenditures in furtherance of this Agreement.

                  (j) Absence of Pending  Litigation.  Elegant is not engaged in
         or threatened with any suit, action, or legal,  administrative or other
         proceedings or governmental investigations pertaining to this Agreement
         or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.



<PAGE>

                  (k) Shareholder Approval.  The Elegant shareholders shall have
         approved this Agreement and Plan of Reorganization.


                                    ARTICLE 8
                          MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO CLOSING

8.01  Covenant of Further  Assurance.  The parties  covenant and agree that they
shall,  from time to time,  execute  and  deliver  or cause to be  executed  and
delivered all such further  instruments  of conveyance,  transfer,  assignments,
receipts and other instruments, and shall take or cause to be taken such further
or other actions as the other party or parties to this  Agreement may reasonably
deem necessary in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

8.02 Review of Securities and Exchange Commission Filings.  The parties covenant
and agree that Shaft, Inc. shall provide copies of drafts of all documents to be
filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  during  the [6]  months
following the date hereof to the former officers and directors of Shaft, Inc. by
sending a copy of such drafts to Cletha A.  Walstrand,  Esq.,  8 East  Broadway,
Suite 609, Salt Lake City, UT, 84111_for review at least three (3) business days
prior to any actual filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                    ARTICLE 9
                     NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS

9.01 All statements contained in any written certificate,  schedule,  exhibit or
other  written  instrument  delivered by Shaft or Elegant  pursuant  hereto,  or
otherwise  adopted  by Shaft,  by its  written  approval,  or by  Elegant by its
written approval,  or in connection with the transactions  contemplated  hereby,
shall be deemed  representations  and warranties by Shaft or Elegant as the case
may be. All  representations,  warranties  and  agreements  made by either party
shall survive for the period of the applicable  statute of limitations and until
the discovery of any claim,  loss,  liability or other matter based on fraud, if
longer.



<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE 10
           TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT AND ABANDONMENT OF REORGANIZATION

10.01  Termination.  Anything  herein  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding,  this
Agreement and any agreement  executed as required  hereunder and the acquisition
contemplated hereby may be terminated at any time before the Closing as follows:

                  (a) By mutual  written  consent of the Boards of  Directors of
         Shaft and Elegant .

                  (b)  By  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Shaft  if  any  of the
         conditions  set forth in Section 7.02 shall not have been  satisfied by
         the Closing Date.

                  (c)  By  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Elegant  if any of the
         conditions  set forth in Section 7.01 shall not have been  satisfied by
         the Closing Date.

10.02 Termination of Obligations and Waiver of Conditions;  Payment of Expenses.
In the event this  Agreement and the  acquisition  are  terminated and abandoned
pursuant to this Article 10 hereof,  this Agreement  shall become void and of no
force and  effect  and  there  shall be no  liability  on the part of any of the
parties  hereto,  or  their  respective  directors,  officers,  shareholders  or
controlling  persons to each other.  For the costs and expenses  incident to its
negotiation  and  preparation  of  this  Agreement  and  any  of  the  documents
evidencing the transactions  contemplated  hereby,  including fees, expenses and
disbursements of counsel, Shaft shareholders shall bear the expenses incurred by
Shaft, and Elegant shareholders shall bear the expenses incurred by Elegant.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                      EXCHANGE OF SHARES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

11.01  Exchange  of Shares.  At the  Closing,  Shaft shall issue a letter to the
transfer  agent of Shaft with a copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors
of Shaft  authorizing and directing the issuance of Shaft shares as set forth on
Exhibit A to this Agreement.

11.02  Restrictions  on Shares  Issued to Elegant . Due to the fact that Elegant
will receive  shares of Shaft Common Stock in  connection  with the  acquisition
which  have not been  registered  under the 1933 Act by virtue of the  exemption
provided in Section  4(2) of such Act,  those  shares of Shaft will  contain the
following legend:

                  The shares  represented by this  certificate have not
         been  registered  under the Securities Act of 1933. The shares
         have  been  acquired  for  investment  and  may not be sold or
         offered for sale in the absence of an  effective  Registration
         Statement for the shares under the  Securities  Act of 1933 or
         an  opinion  of   counsel   to  the   Corporation   that  such
         registration is not required.



<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

12.01 Construction. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of Nevada excluding the conflicts of laws.

12.02 Notices.  All notices  necessary or appropriate under this Agreement shall
be effective when  personally  delivered or deposited in the United States mail,
postage  prepaid,  certified  or  registered,   return  receipt  requested,  and
addressed to the parties last known  address  which  addresses  are currently as
follows:

       If to "Shaft shareholders"            If to "Elegant shareholders"

       Shaft, Inc.                           Elegant Concrete Technologies, Inc.
       1981 East  Murray  Holiday  Road      20 Old Turnpike Road
       Salt Lake City, Utah       84117      Nanuet, NY 10954

       With copies to:                       With copies to:

       Cletha A. Walstrand, Esq.
       Lehman Walstrand & Associates, LLC
       8 East Broadway, Suite 609
       Salt Lake City,  UT  84111


12.03  Amendment  and Waiver.  The parties  hereby may, by mutual  agreement  in
writing  signed by or on behalf  of each  party,  amend  this  Agreement  in any
respect. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be waived in writing signed
by an  authorized  officer at any time by the party against which such waiver is
to be charged, such waiver right shall include, but not be limited to, the right
of either party to:

                  (a)  Extend  the  time  for  the  performance  of  any  of the
         obligations of the other;

                  (b) Waive any  inaccuracies  in  representations  by the other
         contained  in this  Agreement  or in any  document  delivered  pursuant
         hereto;

                  (c) Waive  compliance  by the other with any of the  covenants
         contained in this Agreement,  and performance of any obligations by the
         other; and

                  (d) Waive the  fulfillment  of any condition that is precedent
         to the  performance  by the party so waiving of any of its  obligations
         under this Agreement.

           Any  writing  on the  part of a  party  relating  to such  amendment,
extension  or  waiver  as  provided  in this  Section  12.03  shall  be valid if
authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors of such party.



<PAGE>

12.04  Remedies  not  Exclusive.  No  remedy  conferred  by any of the  specific
provisions  of this  Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other  remedy,
and each and every remedy shall be cumulative  and shall be in addition to every
other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or
by statute or  otherwise.  The election of any one or more  remedies by Shaft or
Elegant  shall not  constitute a waiver of the right to pursue  other  available
remedies.

12.05 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which  shall be  deemed an  original,  but all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

12.06 Benefit.  This  Agreement  shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit
of,  the  respective  successors  and  assigns  of  Shaft  and  Elegant  and its
shareholders.

12.07 Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits attached
hereto,  represent the entire agreement of the undersigned regarding the subject
matter  hereof,  and  supersedes  all prior  written or oral  understandings  or
agreements between the parties.

12.08 Captions and Section  Headings.  Captions and section headings used herein
are for  convenience  only and  shall  not  control  or affect  the  meaning  or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         Executed as of the date first written above.

Shaft, Inc.                              Elegant Concrete Technologies, Inc.

By: /S/ Jennifer Harris                  By: /S/ Alan Hillsberg
    ---------------------------------        -------------------------------
    Jennifer Harris, President           Alan Hillsberg, President




<PAGE>


The following  shareholders,  directors and officers of Elegant hereby confirms,
to the best of their  knowledge,  the  representations  and warranties set forth
herein in  Article 4,  acknowledge  that  Shaft and the Shaft  shareholders  are
relying upon such  confirmation,  and hereby  agree to  indemnify  Shaft and the
Shaft shareholders for and defend them against all claims,  judgments,  damages,
direct losses, liabilities,  costs and expenses (including,  without limitation,
reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  both in  defending  any third  party claim and in
enforcing this indemnity)  (collectively,  "Losses") arising out of or resulting
from any confirmed breach of any such representation or warranty, to the extent,
but only to the  extent,  such  Losses in the  aggregate  exceed  $10,000.  Such
indemnification  shall be for a period of twelve  months from date of closing of
this Agreement.


The undersigned  hereby approves the Agreement and Plan of  Reorganization  with
Shaft, Inc. The undersigned  hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned
has  read  the  Agreement  and  Plan of  Reorganization  with  Shaft,  Inc.  and
understands its terms and conditions.

Shareholders of Elegant Concrete Technologies, Inc.

/S/ Alan Hillsberg                          Date: 1/6/03
-------------------                               ------
Alan Hillsberg

/S/ Anthony Costanzo                        Date: 1/6/03
--------------------                              ------
Anthony Costanzo


Hudson One Enterprises
/S/ Glen Schaeffer                          Date: 1/6/03
-------------------                               ------
By:  Glen Schaeffer
Its:   President


The following  officer of Shaft hereby  confirms,  to the best of her knowledge,
the   representations  and  warranties  set  forth  herein  in  Article  3,  and
acknowledges  that  Elegant and the Elegant  shareholders  are relying upon such
confirmation, and hereby agree to indemnify Elegant and the Elegant shareholders
for and defend them  against  all claims,  judgments,  damages,  direct  losses,
liabilities,  costs and  expenses  (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable
attorneys'  fees,  both in defending any third party claim and in enforcing this
indemnity) (collectively,  "Losses") arising out of or resulting from any breach
of any such confirmed representation or warranty, to the extent, but only to the
extent,  such Losses in the aggregate  exceed  $10,000 and such Losses  occurred
during the period of  September 1, 2000 through  closing of this  Agreement  and
further  provided  that any  indemnification  shall be  limited  to no more than
$100,000.  Such indemnification shall be for a period of twelve months from date
of closing of this Agreement.


/S/ Jennifer Harris                                      Date: 1/6/03
----------------------                                        --------
Jennifer Harris





<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A



           Name of                                  Number of
         Shareholder                                 Shares
         -----------                                 ------

         Alan Hillsberg                             300,000

         Anthony Costanzo                            25,000

         Hudson One Enterprises                     175,000



<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B

                       INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

PURCHASER:

ISSUER:           Shaft, Inc.

SECURITY:         Common Stock, par value $.001

QUANTITY:         Shares (the "Securities")

         In connection with the purchase of the  above-listed  Securities of the
Company, I, the purchaser represent to the Company the following:

         (1)  Investment.  I am  aware of the  Company's  business  affairs  and
financial  condition.  I am purchasing  the Securities for investment for my own
account  only and not with a view to, or for  resale  in  connection  with,  any
"distribution"  thereof  within the  meaning of the  Securities  Act of 1933 (as
Amended).  These securities have not been registered under the Securities Act by
reason of a specific  exemption  therefrom,  which  exemption  depends on, among
other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent as expressed herein.
In this  connection I understand  that, in view of the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission ("SEC"), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if
my  representation  was predicated solely upon a present intention to hold these
Securities for the minimum  capital gains period  specified  under tax statutes,
for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price of
the  Securities  or for the period of one year or any other fixed  period in the
future.

         (2)   Restrictions   on  Transfer  Under   Securities  Act.  I  further
acknowledge and understand that the Securities must be held indefinitely  unless
they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption
from such registration is available.  Moreover, I understand that the Company is
under no obligation to register the Securities.  In addition,  I understand that
the certificate  evidencing the Securities will be imprinted with a legend which
prohibits the transfer of the  Securities  unless they are  registered or unless
the  Company  receives  an  opinion of counsel  reasonably  satisfactory  to the
Company that such registration is not required.

         (3) Sales Under Rule 144. I am aware of the adoption of Rule 144 by the
SEC  promulgated  under the Securities  Act, which in substance  permits limited
public resale of securities  acquired in a non- public  offering  subject to the
satisfaction of certain conditions,  including:  (i) the availability of certain
current public information about the Company, (ii) the resale being made through
a broker in an unsolicited  "broker's  transaction" or in transactions  directly
with a " market  maker,"  and (iv) the  amount of  securities  sold  during  any
three-month  period not  exceeding  specified  limitations  (generally 1% of the
total shares outstanding).

         (4) Limitations on Rule 144. I further  acknowledge and understand that
the Company is not now,  and at any time I wish to sell the  Securities  may not
be,  satisfying  the public  information  requirement  of Rule 144, and, in such
case, I would be precluded  from selling the  Securities  under Rule 144 even if
the minimum holding period had been satisfied.

         (5) Sales Not Under Rule 144. I further  acknowledge  that,  if all the
requirements  of  Rule  144 are  not  met,  then  Regulation  A,  or some  other
registration  exemption  will be required;  and that,  although  Rule 144 is not
exclusive,  the staff of the  Commission  has  expressed  its  opinion  (i) that
persons  proposing  to  sell  private  placement  securities  other  than  in  a
registered  offering or exemption from registration is available for such offers
or sales,  and (ii) that such  persons and the brokers  who  participate  in the
transactions do so their own risk.



<PAGE>

         (6) Stop Transfer Instructions. I further understand that stop transfer
instructions  will be in effect with respect to the  transfer of the  Securities
consistent with the above.

         (7) Additional Representations and Warranties. In addition, I represent
and warrant:

                  (i) That I have had the  opportunity  to ask questions of, and
                  receive  answers  from,  the Company ( or any person acting on
                  its behalf) concerning the Company and my proposed  investment
                  in the Securities;

                  (ii) That I have concluded that I have sufficient  information
                  upon which to base my decision to acquire the Securities;

                  (iii)  That I have made my own  determination  of the value of
                  the  Securities  and have  not  relied  upon  any  statements,
                  representations  or  warranties  of the Company  regarding the
                  value  of the  Securities  or the  business  prospects  of the
                  Company;

                  (iv) That I understand that in acquiring the Securities,  I am
                  making a highly speculative investment with the knowledge that
                  the Company is in the initial stages of development;

                  (v) That I am capable of bearing the economic risk and burdens
                  of the investment,  the possibility of complete loss of all of
                  the  investment,   and  the  possible   inability  to  readily
                  liquidate the investment due to the lack of public market; and

                  (vi) That I understand  that, in selling and  transferring the
                  Securities,  the Company had relied upon an exemption from the
                  registration  requirements  of the Securities Act and that, in
                  an attempt to effect  compliance  with all the  conditions  of
                  such exemption,  the Company is relying in good faith upon all
                  of my foregoing representations and warranties.

                                        SIGNATURE OF PURCHASER

Date: 1/6/03
      ------

                                        /S/ Alan Hillsberg
                                        ---------------------

                                        /S/ Anthony Costanzo
                                        ---------------------


                                        HUDSON ONE ENTERPRISES

                           By:          /S/ Glen Schaeffer
                                        -------------------
                           Its:         President




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
