<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hous1nla.txt
<TEXT>
             FIRST AMENDMENT TO NET LEASE AGREEMENT


THIS  AMENDMENT  TO NET LEASE AGREEMENT, made  and  entered  into
effective  as of the 18th day of December, 2002, by  and  between
AEI  INCOME  &  GROWTH FUND 24 LLC (hereinafter,  "Fund  24"),  a
Delaware  limited  liability company,  whose  corporate  managing
member is AEI Fund Management XXI, Inc., a Minnesota corporation,
whose  principal business address is 1300 Minnesota  World  Trade
Center,  30  East  Seventh  Street,  St.  Paul,  Minnesota  55101
("Lessor"),  and Champps Entertainment of Texas,  Inc.,  a  Texas
corporation ("Lessee"), whose principal business address is 10375
Park Meadows Drive, Suite 560, Littleton, Colorado 80124-6791;

                          WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, Lessor is the fee owner of a certain parcel of real
property and improvements located at Houston, Texas, and  legally
described   in  Exhibit  "A",  which  is  attached   hereto   and
incorporated herein by reference; and


     WHEREAS,   Lessee   has   constructed   the   building   and
improvements  (together  the "Building")  on  the  real  property
described  in  Exhibit "A", which Building is  described  in  the
plans and specifications heretofore submitted to Lessor; and

     WHEREAS,  Lessee and Lessor have entered into  that  certain
Net  Lease  Agreement dated April 8, 2002 (the "Lease") providing
for  the  lease  of  said real property and Building  (said  real
property  and  Building hereinafter referred to  as  the  "Leased
Premises"),  from  Lessor upon the terms and  conditions  therein
provided in the Lease;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  Rents,  terms,
covenants, conditions, and agreements hereinafter described to be
paid, kept, and performed by Lessee, including the completion  of
the  Building  and  other  improvements constituting  the  Leased
Premises, Lessee and Lessor do hereby agree to amend the Lease as
follows:

1.    Article 2(A) and (B) of the Lease shall henceforth read  as
follows:

ARTICLE 2.     TERM

     (A)   The  term of this Lease ("Term") shall be Twenty  (20)
consecutive "Lease Years", as hereinafter defined, commencing  on
April 8, 2002 ("Occupancy Date"), plus the period ending December
31,  2002,  with the contemplated initial term hereof  ending  on
December 31, 2022.

     (B)  The first full Lease Year shall commence on the date of
this First Amendment and continue through December 31, 2003.

2.   Article 4(A) of the Lease shall henceforth read as follows:


ARTICLE 4.  RENT PAYMENTS

     (A)  Annual  Rent Payable for the first, second,  and  third
          Lease Years:  Lessee shall pay to Lessor an annual Base
          Rent  of $316,500.00, which amount shall be payable  in
          advance on the first day of each month in equal monthly
          installments  of $26,375.00 to Fund 24.  If  the  first
          day  of  the  Lease  Term is not the  first  day  of  a
          calendar month, then the monthly Rent payable for  that
          partial month shall be a prorated portion of the  equal
          monthly installment of Base Rent.

3.   Article  35  is hereby deleted in its entirety;  Lessor  and
     Lessee agree that the referenced Development Financing Agreement
     is terminated in accordance with its terms.  All other terms and
     conditions of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect.

4.   Lessee has accepted delivery of the Leased Premises and  has
     entered into occupancy thereof;

5.   Lessee  has fully inspected the Premises and found the  same
     to be as required by the Lease, in good order and repair, and all
     conditions under the Lease to be performed by the Lessor have
     been satisfied;

6.   As  of this date, the Lessor is not in default under any  of
     the terms, conditions, provisions or agreements of the Lease and
     the undersigned has no offsets, claims or defenses against the
     Lessor with respect to the Lease.

7.   This  Agreement  may  be executed in multiple  counterparts,
     each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall
     constitute one and the same instrument.

     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Lessor and Lessee  have  respectively
signed  and sealed this Lease as of the day and year first  above
written.

                      LESSEE: CHAMPPS ENTERTAINMENT OF TEXAS, INC.

                                   By:/s/ Armando C Lopez

                                   Its:President






STATE OF TEXAS )
                    )SS.
COUNTY OF BEXAR)

     The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this  13
day  of  December, 2002, by    Armando C Lopez, as  President  of
Champps   Entertainment  of  Texas,  Inc.  on  behalf   of   said
corporation.

/s/ Abigail Borroel
    Notary Public


[notary seal]





           Remainder of page intentionally left blank





                    LESSOR:   AEI INCOME & GROWTH FUND 24 LLC,  a
                              Delaware limited liability company

                              By:  AEI FUND MANAGEMENT XXI, INC.,
                                   a Minnesota corporation, its
                                   managing member


                              By: /s/ Robert P Johnson
                                      Robert P. Johnson, President


STATE OF MINNESOTA  )
                                   )SS.
COUNTY OF RAMSEY    )

     The  foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me the  23
day  of  December,  2002, by Robert P. Johnson, the President  of
AEI  Fund Management XXI, Inc., a Minnesota corporation, managing
member  of  AEI  Income & Growth Fund 24 LLC, on behalf  of  said
limited liability company.

/s/ Michael B Daugherty            [notary seal]
      Notary Public











                           EXHIBIT "A"

                        LEGAL DESCRIPTION



All that certain 1.538 acres of land, out of Camden Park at Royal
Oaks,  Sec. 3, according to the plat thereof recorded under  Film
Code  No. 470101, in the Map Records of Harris County, Texas,  in
the  Henry Woodruff Survey, A-844, Harris County, Texas, and more
particularly  described  by metes and bounds  as  follows:   (All
bearings based on the Texas State Plane Coordinate System,  South
Central Zone)

BEGINNING  at a 5/8" iron rod found for the northeast  corner  of
said  Camden Park at Royal Oaks, Sec. 3, common to the  northwest
corner  of Westchase Subdivision, Section Eighteen, according  to
the  plat thereof recorded under Volume 291, Page 49, in the  Map
Records  of  Harris County, Texas, and common  to  the  northeast
corner  of  the herein described tract, in the south right-of-way
line of Westheimer Road (120' R.O.W.)

THENCE  S 02 30' 21" E-263.09, along the east line of said Camden
Park  at  Royal  Oaks, Sec. 3, common to the west  line  of  said
Westchase Subdivision, Section Eighteen, to a _ iron rod set  for
the southeast corner of the herein described tract;

THENCE S 87 18' 52" W-254.63, departing said common line, to a P-
K  nail  set  in concrete for the southwest corner of the  herein
described tract;

THENCE  N  02  30' 21" W-263.09 to a 3/4" iron rod  set  for  the
northwest corner of the herein described tract, in the north line
of  the aforesaid Camden Park at Royal Oaks, Sec. 3, in the south
right-of-way line of the aforesaid Westheimer Road, from which  a
3/4"  iron  rod found for the most northerly northwest corner  of
said Camden Park at Royal Oaks, Sec. 3, common to the east corner
of Restricted Reserve "B", Kirkwood Drive, Meadowglen Lane, Royal
Oaks Club Drive and Westpark Drive, according to the plat thereof
recorded under Film Code No. 439077, in the Map Records of Harris
County, Texas, bears S 87 18' 52" W-496.39;

THENCE N 87 18' 52" E-254.63, along the north line of said Camden
Park  at  Royal Oaks, Sec. 3, common to the south  line  of  said
Westheimer  Road,  to  the  POINT  OF  BEGINNING  of  the  herein
described tract and containing 1.538 acres of land.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
