<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>doc6.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.4
                          CONSULTING SERVICES AGREEMENT


     THIS CONSULTING SERVICES AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT") dated as of January 7,
2003

B E T W E E N:

     UGOMEDIA INTERACTIVE CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation

     (hereinafter referred to as the "COMPANY")

                                     - and -

     RICHARD H. GRIFFITHS, an individual

     (hereinafter referred to as the "CONSULTANT")

WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Consultant to consult and advise
the Company, and the Consultant is willing to provide such services;

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  mutual  undertakings  contained
herein, the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                             CONSULTING ARRANGEMENT

1.1 The Company hereby  engages the Consultant as an independent  contractor and
not as an employee,  to render consulting services to the Company as hereinafter
provided  and  the  Consultant  hereby  accepts  such  engagement  for a  period
commencing on January 8, 2003 and ending January 8, 2004. The Consultant  agrees
that the Consultant  will not have any authority to bind or act on behalf of the
Company.  The  Consultant  shall  at  all  times  be an  independent  contractor
hereunder,  rather than an agent, coventurer,  employee or representative of the
Company.  The Company  hereby  acknowledges  and agrees that the  Consultant may
engage directly or indirectly in other  businesses and ventures and shall not be
required to perform any services under this Agreement  when, or for such periods
in which,  the rendering of such services shall unduly interfere with such other
businesses  and ventures,  providing  that such  undertakings  do not completely
preempt the Consultant's availability during the term of this Agreement. Neither
the  Consultant nor his employees will be considered by reason of the provisions
of this  Agreement  or otherwise as being an employee of the Company or as being
entitled to  participate in any health  insurance,  medical,  pension,  bonus or
similar employee  benefit plans sponsored by the Company for its employees.  The
Consultant  shall  report  all  earnings  under  this  Agreement  in the  manner
appropriate  to its  status as an  independent  contractor  and  shall  file all
necessary reports and pay all taxes with respect to such payments.



<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE 2
                                    SERVICES

2.1 Subject to the terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,  the Company hereby
engages the Consultant,  and the Consultant  hereby accepts the  engagement,  to
provide advice,  analysis and  recommendations  (the  "SERVICES") to the Company
with respect to the following:

     (a)  Identifying  prospective  strategic partners and strategic alliances -
          except reverse mergers designed to take a private company public;

     (b)  Corporate planning, strategy and negotiations with potential strategic
          business  partners and/or other general  business  consulting needs as
          expressed by the Company;

     (c)  Business development;

     (d)  Market and marketing analysis;

     (e)  Business strategies;

     (f)  Corporate imaging  advertising  including print, online and multimedia
          mediums;

     (g)  Development of media and public relations strategy;

     (h)  Periodic  reporting as to  developments  concerning the industry which
          may be  relevant  or of  interest  or  concern  to the  Company or the
          Company's business;

     (i)  Developing and managing Strategic Planning issues;

     (j)  Providing   media  training  for  CEO,   president  and  senior  staff
          non-prohibited projects;

     (k)  Assisting in the management of other outsource vendors;

     (l)  Online  content  and  market  development  and  coordination  for  the
          Company's web presence;

     (m)  Provide marketing and management consulting services including:

          (i)  analyzing   historical   marketing  plans  relating  to  security
               industry;

          (ii) reviewing  marketing  performance  of the  Company  on a  monthly
               basis; and

          (iii)making  recommendations  to enhance the public and private sector
               image of the Company;


                                       2
<PAGE>

     (n)  Consulting on alternatives to enhance sales and increase the growth of
          the Company;

     (o)  Coordinating  corporate marketing and advertising  activities.  During
          the  term  of  this  Agreement,   the  Consultant  shall  render  such
          consulting  services  as the  Company  from  time to  time  reasonably
          requests,  which  services  shall  include but not be limited to those
          rendered by the  Consultant  to the Company  prior to the date hereof;
          provided that:

          (i)  To the extent  practicable  such services shall be furnished only
               at such  time and  places  as are  mutually  satisfactory  to the
               Company and the Consultant; and

          (ii) The  Consultant  shall not be called  upon to devote more than 30
               hours in any week in  performing  such  services and shall not be
               required to perform any services  hereunder  while the Consultant
               is on vacation  (which  shall not be more than four weeks  during
               the term of this  Agreement) or suffering from a serious  illness
               preventing the Consultant from providing the Services.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                                  COMPENSATION

3.1 COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES. For the Services provided by the Consultant,  the
Company (i) shall  compensate the Consultant by delivering to the Consultant (a)
five hundred thousand  (500,000) shares of the common stock of the Company which
shall be subject to a registration  statement to be filed on Form S-8 as soon as
practicable  following the completion of the share exchange  transaction between
the Company,  Sciax  Technology  Inc. and 4137639  Canada Inc.  (the  "CLOSING")
causing  such  shares  to be  freely  tradable;  and (b) five  hundred  thousand
(500,000)  shares (the  "RESTRICTED  SHARES") of the common stock of the Company
which shall be "restricted securities" and the certificates for which shall bear
a  restrictive  legend  stating that such  Restricted  Shares may only be resold
under a  registration  statement  or under an  exemption  from the  registration
requirements of the US securities laws including,  without limitation, Rule 144;
and (ii) the Company  shall be  responsible  for the  payment of the  reasonable
out-of-pocket  costs and expenses of the Consultant  incurred during the term of
this  Agreement  in  connection  with  its  engagement   under  this  Agreement,
including,  but not limited to travel and related  expenses.  The Company  shall
reimburse  the  Consultant  for such costs and  expenses  as they are  incurred,
promptly  after  receipt  of  a  written  request  for  reimbursement  from  the
Consultant outlining in detail all expenses.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                               REGISTRATION RIGHTS

4.1  REGISTRATION  RIGHTS.  If the Company shall receive from the Consultant and
from Nitin Amersey  ("Amersey") a joint written request, at any time not earlier
than one year after the Closing,  the Company shall, at its expense,  effect the
registration of the Restricted Shares held by each of the Consultant and Amersey
as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days, as would permit the sale
and  distribution  of such  Restricted  Shares and shall,  to the extent legally

                                       3
<PAGE>

permissable,  keep such registration  effective until the earlier of (i) one (1)
year;  or (ii) the date on which all of the  Restricted  Shares are resold.  The
Consultant and Amersey shall be entitled to request one (1)  registration  only,
on a joint basis only, pursuant to this Section.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

5.1  SUCCESSORS  AND ASSIGNS.  This  Agreement is binding upon and inures to the
benefit of the Company and its affiliates, successors and assigns and is binding
upon and inures to the benefit of the Consultant and his successors and assigns;
provided  that in no event  shall the  Consultant's  obligations  to perform the
Services be delegated or transferred by the Consultant without the prior written
consent of the Company.

5.2 TERM.  This Agreement  shall commence on the date hereof and,  unless sooner
terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof,  shall expire on January 8,
2004. However, the Agreement may be extended by mutual written consent.

5.3  TERMINATION.  Either  the  Company or the  Consultant  may  terminate  this
Agreement  for  material  breach upon at least  thirty  (30) days prior  written
notice  specifying  the  nature  of the  breach,  if such  breach  has not  been
substantially  cured within the thirty (30) day period.  Upon termination by the
Company, all shares and compensation previously paid shall be retained.

5.4  INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTOR  RELATIONSHIP.  The  Consultant and the Company are
independent  contractors  and  nothing  contained  in this  Agreement  shall  be
construed to place them in the  relationship  of partners,  principal and agent,
employer/employee or joint ventures. Neither party shall have the power or right
to bind or obligate the other party, nor shall it hold itself out as having such
authority.

5.5  CONFIDENTIALITY.  The Consultant  agrees to keep  confidential  any and all
information  or data  which  has been  made  available  or is  hereinafter  made
available  to the  Consultant  by the Company and the  Consultant  agrees not to
disclose the same to others  without the written prior  approval of the Company.
This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

5.6  INDEMNIFICATION.   The  Company  shall  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  the
Consultant from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, reasonable
attorney's  fees,  court  costs  and  expenses  resulting  or  arising  from any
third-party claims, actions, proceedings, investigations, or litigation relating
to or arising from or in connection with this Agreement,  or any act or omission
by the  Company  not  directly  attributable  to the gross  negligence,  willful
misconduct or fraud of the Consultant.

5.7  NOTICE.  For  the  purpose  of  this  Agreement,   notices  and  all  other
communications  provided  for herein  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered, (ii) when sent
by facsimile  transmission,  when receipt  therefor has been duly  received,  or
(iii) when mailed by United States  registered mail,  return receipt  requested,
postage prepaid, or by recognized overnight courier,  addressed set forth in the
preamble  to this  Agreement  or to such  other  address  as any  party may have
furnished  to the other in any  writing  in  accordance  herewith,  except  that

                                       4
<PAGE>

notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

5.8  MISCELLANEOUS.  No provisions of this Agreement may be modified,  waived or
discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing
signed by  authorized  officers of each party.  No waiver by either party hereto
of, or  compliance  with,  any  condition or  provision of this  Agreement to be
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or  dissimilar
provisions  or  conditions  at the same or at any prior or  subsequent  time. No
agreements  or  representations,  oral or  otherwise,  express or implied,  with
respect to the subject  matter  hereof have been made by either  party which are
not  set  forth  expressly  in this  Agreement.  The  validity,  interpretation,
construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of Nevada.  Any  controversy  arising  under or in relation to
this Agreement shall be settled by binding  arbitration in Las Vegas,  Nevada in
accordance  with the laws of the State of Nevada  and the rules of the  American
Arbitration Association.

5.9  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which  together  will
constitute one and the same instrument.

5.10  SEVERABILITY.  If in any jurisdiction,  any provision of this Agreement or
its  application  to any party or  circumstance  is  restricted,  prohibited  or
unenforceable,  such provision  shall, as to such  jurisdiction,  be ineffective
only to the extent of such restriction, prohibition or unenforceability, without
invalidating the remaining  provisions hereof and without affecting the validity
or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or its application
to  other  parties  or  circumstances.  In  addition,  if any one or more of the
provisions  contained in this Agreement shall for any reason in any jurisdiction
be held to be  excessively  broad  as to  time,  duration,  geographical  scope,
activity or subject, it shall be construed,  by limiting and reduction it, so as
to be  enforceable  to the extent  compatible  with the  applicable  law of such
jurisdiction as it shall then appear.

     By executing this Agreement,  the Company acknowledges that the services to
be rendered are not in connection with a capital raising  transaction and do not
directly or  indirectly  promote or maintain a market for the  securities of the
Company.


                                       5
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Consulting  Agreement  has been executed by the
Company and the Consultant as of the date first written above.


                                         UGOMEDIA INTERACTIVE CORPORATION


                                         Per:
                                             ----------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                        Title:
                                         Address:
                                                  -----------------------------

                                         Facsimile:
                                                   ----------------------------


--------------------------               --------------------------------------
WITNESS                                  RICHARD H. GRIFFITHS
                                         500 North Rainbow Boulevard, Suite 300
                                         Las Vegas, 89107
                                         Facsimile:
                                                   ----------------------------

                                       6
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
