<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


Exhibit 2.1


                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Stock Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into this 14th day
of February 2003, by and between CJC ENTERPRISES OF NEW YORK, INC., a New York
corporation ("CJC"), EUGENE CELLA, having offices at 1206 Middle Country Road,
Selden, New York  ("Seller") and NEW ENGLAND ACQUISITIONS, INC., a Florida
corporation ("Purchaser").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS,  CJC will shortly open a sound and security store under  the  name
"Jazz  Sound  &  Security"  at 387A Main Street, East Moriches,  New  York  (the
"Store"); and

     WHEREAS, Cella is the sole holder of the equity interest of CJC; and

     WHEREAS,  Seller desires to sell and transfer to Purchaser,  and  Purchaser
desires  to purchase and acquire from Seller all of the equity interest  in  CJC
for the consideration and on the terms and conditions herein set forth.

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  and  of  the  mutual
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto covenant and agree
as follows:

                                    ARTICLE 1

                               PLAN OF ACQUISITION

1.1  Shares  to  be Purchased.  On the terms and subject to the conditions  set
     forth  herein, effective on the Closing Date (as defined below)  Seller
     shall sell,  assign,  convey, transfer and deliver to Purchaser, its
     successors  and assigns  forever,  and Purchaser shall purchase and acquire
     from  Seller,  200 shares of stock, no par value, issued to Seller by CJC
     (the " CJC Shares"), free and clear of any and all liens, claims and
     encumbrances.

1.2  Consideration.  In  full consideration of the sale  and  transfer  of  the
     Shares,  Purchaser shall issue to Seller 100,000 shares  of Purchasers
     common stock,  $.00001 per share. (the  "NEAI Shares") free and clear of
     any and  all liens, claims and encumbrances.  In addition, Purchaser shall
     issue to Seller an additional 50,000 such shares, subject to customary
     adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions,
     per store for each store in addition to the Store opened or franchised by
     Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

1.3  Effective  Date  and Closing Date.  The Effective Date of  this  Agreement
     shall be the date this Agreement is executed by each of the parties. The
     closing of  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing")
     shall take place  as of the close of business, New York City time, at the
     offices of  the Seller as hereinabove set forth on a date agreed upon by
     the parties not  more than  two  days  after all of the conditions to
     Closing set forth  herein  are satisfied  or  waived  (the date on which
     the Closing takes  place  being  the "Closing  Date") or at such other time
     and place as the parties  hereto  shall agree.  If the Closing Date has not
     occurred on or before March 31, 2003, each party shall have the right to
     terminate this Agreement as hereinbelow provided.

1.4  Execution and Delivery of Closing Documents.  At the Closing,  (a)  Seller
     will  deliver  to  Purchaser a certificate representing the  CJC  Shares
     duly endorsed  in  blank  and (b) Purchaser will deliver to  Seller  a
     certificate representing the NEAI Shares registered in the name of Seller.
     At the Closing, each  party also will execute and deliver such other
     appropriate and customary documents  as  any  other  party reasonably may
     request  for  the  purpose  of consummating the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement.  All actions taken at the Closing will be deemed to have
     been taken simultaneously at the time the last of any such actions is taken
     or completed.

                                    ARTICLE 2

          REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER AND CJC Seller and

CJC Jointly And Severally Represent And Warrant To Purchaser As Follows:

2.1     Organization  and  Good  Standing of  CJC.   CJC  is  a  corporation
        duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
        the State of New York.

2.2     Power  and Authority.  CJC has the corporate power and authority  to
        own, lease  and  operate  its properties and assets and to carry  on
        the  business substantially  identical to that of Jazz Audio Sound &
        Security,  1206  Middle Country Road, Selden, New York ("CJC'S
        Business").

2.3     Authorization and Validity.  CJC has the corporate power and authority
        to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and
        the other documents  executed or required to be executed by it in
        connection  with  this Agreement.  This Agreement and the other
        documents executed or required to  be executed by CJC in connection with
        this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
        action.

2.4     Binding  Effect.   This  Agreement and the  other  documents  executed
        or required to be executed by CJC and Seller in connection with this
        Agreement have been or will have been duly executed and delivered by CJC
        and Seller and are or will be, when executed and delivered, the legal,
        valid and binding obligations of  CJC  and  Seller enforceable against
        them  in accordance with their  terms except to the extent that:

  (a)   enforceability  may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency  or  other
        similar laws affecting creditors' rights;

  (b)   the  availability of equitable remedies may be limited  by  equitable
        principles of general applicability; and

  (c)   rights to indemnification may be limited by considerations of  public
        policy.

2.5  No Violation.  Neither the execution and performance of this Agreement  or
     the  agreements  described  herein nor the consummation  of  the
     transactions described herein or therein will:

  (a)   result in a violation or breach of (i) the certificate of incorporation
        or by-laws of CJC; or (ii) any material agreement or other material
        instrument under which CJC is bound or to which any of its assets or
        rights are subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien,
        charge or encumbrance upon any of such assets or rights or the CJC
        Shares, or

  (b)   violate, in any material respect, any applicable law or regulation or
        any judgment or order of any court or governmental agency.

     CJC  has  complied  in  all  material respects with  all  applicable  laws,
     regulations  and  licensing requirements, and has  filed  with  the  proper
     authorities  all necessary statements, applications, notices,  reports  and
     any other filings with respect to CJC's Business.

2.6  Permits and Licenses; Compliance.  CJC possesses all necessary governmental
     licenses, franchises, permits, approvals, authorizations, and rights,
     whether federal, state, local or foreign, that are necessary for CJC to
     engage in CJC's Business.  CJC is in compliance with all such governmental
     licenses, franchises, permits, approvals, authorizations, or rights, and
     all federal, state or local laws or regulations now applicable or
     reasonably expected to be applicable  to it.

2.7  Title  to  Assets.  CJC owns its assets and rights free and clear  of  all
     liens,  claims  and  encumbrances and upon consummation  of  the
     transactions contemplated hereby, CJC shall retain good and valid title
     thereto,  free  and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.

2.8  Consents. Other than the consent of Vinny Napoli as landlord of the Store,
     no authorization, consent, approval, permit or license of, or filing with,
     any governmental  or public body or authority, any lender or lessor or  any
     other person or entity is required to authorize, or is required in
     connection  with, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
     or the agreements or transactions contemplated hereby on the part of CJC or
     Seller.

2.9  Balance  Sheet.   The  Balance sheet of  CJC, (the  "CJC  Balance  Sheet")
     attached hereto as Exhibit 2.9 presents fairly the financial position of
     CJC as of the date thereof and has been prepared in accordance with
     generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.  CJC has
     never had any operations. CJC has no liabilities, either absolute or
     contingent, other than as set forth on the CJC Balance Sheet.

2.10 Absence of Certain Changes.  Since the date of the CJC Balance Sheet,  CJC
     has not, with respect to CJC's Businesses:

  (a)   suffered any material adverse change in its assets;

  (b)   mortgaged, pledged or subjected to any lien, lease, security interest or
        other charge or encumbrance any of its assets;

  (c)   suffered any damage or destruction to or loss (whether or not covered by
        insurance) that could reasonably be expected to or does materially and
        adversely affect CJC's Business;

  (d)   written up or written down the carrying value of any of its assets in
        any material amounts;

  (e)   waived any material rights or forgiven any material claims; or

  (f)   entered into any other commitment or transaction or experienced any
        other event that is material to this Agreement or to any of the other
        agreements and documents executed or to be executed pursuant to this
        Agreement or to the transactions described herein or therein, or that
        could reasonably be expected to have, or has had, a material adverse
        effect on its assets or rights.

2.11 Litigation.  No legal or administrative or other adversary  proceeding  or
     investigation  is  currently pending against CJC or Seller and,  to  the
     best knowledge  of  CJC  or  Seller,  none is threatened  or  contemplated
     by  any governmental agency or other third party with respect to CJC or
     CJC's Business. Neither  CJC  nor Seller is subject to any continuing court
     or  administrative order, writ, injunction or decree applicable
     specifically to them or which would affect CJC's Business or the rights of
     Purchaser hereunder.

2.12 Capitalization.   The  CJC  shares represent,  and  at  the  Closing  will
     represent,  all  of  the outstanding equity securities  of  CJC.   Other
     than Purchaser, no person has, or at the Closing will have, the right to
     acquire any equity security of CJC.

2.13 Opening of Additional Stores.  Purchaser, directly or through one or  more
     subsidiaries, shall have the exclusive right to open additional stores
     under the name  "Jazz Audio Sound & Security" or "Jazz Audio" if Purchaser
     or  any  such subsidiary provides the funding reasonably necessary therefor
     within sixty days of notice of a request for funding is given to Purchaser
     by CJC or Seller.  Such notice  shall provide the location of each
     additional store, the lease  terms, sales  and  net  income  projections
     and such other information  as  shall  be reasonably necessary for
     Purchaser or any such subsidiary to determine  if  it desires  to  provide
     the funding.  In the event that Purchaser  or  all  such subsidiaries
     decline to provide funding for any particular store or stores, such
     declination  shall not constitute a waiver of their right to open and
     provide funding for any other additional stores, but Seller may then open
     such specified store independent of Purchaser.

2.14 Franchising.   Purchaser, directly or through one  or  more  subsidiaries,
     shall  have the exclusive right to franchise additional stores under the
     name "Jazz Audio Sound & Security" or "Jazz Audio"  provided Purchaser or
     any  such subsidiary provides the funding reasonably necessary therefor
     within sixty days of notice of a request for funding is given to Purchaser
     by CJC or Seller.  The notice  shall  include such information as shall be
     reasonably  necessary  for Purchaser  or  any such subsidiary to determine
     if it desires to  provide  the funding.  In the event Purchaser and all
     such subdiaries decline to provide such funding, Seller may then franchise
     additional stores independent of Purchaser.

2.15 Condition  of   Assets.  CJC's assets are in good  working  condition  and
     repair  (except  for  ordinary wear and tear) for their intended  use  in
     the ordinary  course  of business and conform in all material  respects
     with  all applicable ordinances, regulations and other laws and there are
     no known defects therein.

2.16 Authorized Dealer.  CJC is an authorized dealer of the products  described
     in Exhibit 2.16 hereto.

2.17 Marks  and Names.  CJC is entitled to use all marks and names utilized  by
     the  store located at 1206 Middle Country Road, Selden, New York operating
     as "Jazz  Audio  Sound  & Security" without the payment of any amounts
     therefor. Purchaser shall make no claim to exclusive use of such name which
     shall prevent the continuation of the use of such name by any store
     currently authorized by Seller to do so, nor by any store which seller may
     be permitted to open pursuant to this Agreement.

2.18 Finder's  Fee.   CJC  has not incurred any obligation  for  any  finder's,
     broker's, or agent's fee in connection with this Agreement or the
     transactions contemplated hereby.

2.19 Environmental and Other Matters.  CJC shall market and install its products
     with valid permits, licenses, authorizations, certificates, consents,
     exemptions and approvals (collectively, "Permits") required under any
     applicable law, rule or  regulation  relating to or addressing the
     environment, health,  safety  or hazardous  materials  (collectively,
     "Environmental Law"),  including  Permits necessary for the operation of
     CJC's Business.  There are no unresolved past or pending,  or  to  CJC's
     or Seller's knowledge, threatened  claims  under  any Environmental Law
     against CJC with respect or to CJC's Business or to CJC's or Seller's
     knowledge are there any circumstances that may form a basis of any such
     claim.

2.20 Liens on Assets.  There are no liens held by any party on CJC's assets.

2.21 Investment Representations.

  (a)    Solely for the purpose of this Section 2.21, the term  "NEAI Shares"
         shall refer to such shares as well as any additional shares issued
         pursuant to Section 1.2 hereof.  The NEAI Shares will be acquired by
         Seller for his own account and not with a view to or for sale or other
         disposition in connection with any transaction that will not be exempt
         from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the
         "Securities Act") and  any applicable state securities laws

  (b)    Seller is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
         in the NEAI Shares and has such knowledge, experience and skill in
         financial and business matters that he is capable of evaluating the
         merits and risks of the investment in NEAI Shares and the suitability
         of the NEAI Shares  as  an investment and can bear the economic risk of
         an investment therein for an indefinite period of time.  No
         representations have been made or can be made with  respect  to the
         future value, if any, of the NEAI  Shares  or  the profitability or
         success of the business of NEAI.

  (c)    Seller understands that the NEAI Shares will not have been registered
         under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, that
         the NEAI Shares will be characterized as "restricted securities" under
         federal securities laws, and that under such laws and applicable
         regulations the NEAI Shares cannot be sold or otherwise disposed of
         without registration under the Securities Act or an exemption
         therefrom.  In this connection, Seller represents that he is familiar
         with Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as currently in effect, and
         understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the
         Securities Act.

  (d)    Purchaser is aware that Seller will issue "stop transfer" instructions
         to its transfer agent for the NEAI Shares in connection with the NEAI
         Shares to the extent customary for securities which are "restricted
         securities."

  (e)    Seller understands that Purchaser is the only person that can register
         the NEAI Shares under the Securities Act and Purchaser has no
         obligation  or intentions to do so.

  (f)    Seller consents to the placement of a legend on the certificate
         evidencing the NEAI Shares stating that they have not been registered
         under the Securities Act or under any other applicable securities laws,
         setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and
         sale thereof and including placement of any additional language as may
         be required by applicable state securities laws.

  (g)    Seller has downloaded, printed  and had the opportunity to carefully
         review Purchaser's filings made with the Securities and Exchange
         Commission.

  (h)    There  have never been any oral or written contracts, understandings,
         agreements or arrangements pursuant to which the Seller may at any date
         sell or otherwise dispose of the NEAI Shares or cause the title in the
         NEAI Shares to vest in any other person or entity.

  (i)    There  have never been any oral or written contracts, understandings,
         agreements or arrangements between Seller and any other person or
         entity by which any such person or entity will benefit in such manner
         as to be deemed equivalent to an owner of any of the NEAI Shares,
         including, but not limited to, the application of income or proceeds
         received from a sale thereof.

                                    ARTICLE 3

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser represents and warrants to CJC and Seller as follows:

3.1  Organization and Good Standing.  Purchaser is a corporation duly organized,
     validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
     Florida.

3.2  Power  and Authority.  Purchaser has the corporate power and authority  to
     own, lease and operate its respective properties and assets and to carry on
     its respective business as currently being conducted.

3.3  Authority and Validity.  Purchaser has the corporate power and authority to
     execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the
     other documents  executed or required to be executed by it in connection
     with  this Agreement, and this Agreement and the other documents executed
     or required to be executed  by  Purchaser  in  connection with this
     Agreement  have  been  duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of
     Purchaser.

3.4  Binding  Effect.   This  Agreement and the  other  documents  executed  or
     required to be executed by Purchaser in connection with this Agreement have
     been duly  authorized, executed and delivered by Purchaser and are or will
     be, when executed  and delivered, the legal, valid and binding obligations
     of Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance with their terms except
     to the extent that:

  (a)   enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
        laws affecting creditors' rights;

  (b)   the  availability of equitable remedies may be limited  by  equitable
        principles of general applicability; and

  (c)   rights to indemnification may be limited by considerations of  public
        policy.

3.5  No Violation.  Neither the execution and performance of this Agreement  or
     the  agreements  described  herein nor the consummation  of  the
     transactions described herein or therein will:

  (a)   result in a violation or breach of (i) the articles of incorporation or
        by- laws of Purchaser or (ii) any material agreement or other material
        instrument under which Purchaser is bound or to which any of the assets
        of Purchaser are subject,  or result in the creation or imposition of
        any lien, charge  or encumbrance upon any of the assets or properties of
        Purchaser; or

  (b)   violate, in any material respect, any applicable law or regulation or
        any judgment or order of any court or governmental agency.

     Purchaser  has complied in all material respects with all applicable  laws,
     regulations  and  licensing requirements, and has  filed  with  the  proper
     authorities  all necessary statements, applications, notices,  reports  and
     any other filings with respect to Purchaser's business.

3.6  Consents.  No authorization, consent, approval, permit or license  of,  or
     filing with, any governmental or public body or authority, any lender or
     lessor or  any  other  person or entity is required to authorize, or is
     required  in connection with, the execution, delivery and performance of
     this Agreement  or the agreements or transactions contemplated hereby on
     the part of Purchaser.

3.7  Finder's  Fee.   Purchaser has not incurred any obligation  on  behalf  of
     itself or CJC or Seller for any finder's, broker's or agent's fee in
     connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                    ARTICLE 4

                           COVENANTS OF CJC AND SELLER

4.1  Employment Agreement.  At the Closing, CJC and Seller shall enter into  an
     Employment Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1.

4.2  Assistance  in  Preparation of Reports.  Subsequent  to  the  Closing,  at
     reasonable  requests, CJC and Cella shall assist Purchaser and its
     accountants and  attorneys in the preparation of Purchaser's reports to be
     filed with  the Securities  and Exchange Commission, including audited
     consolidated  financial statements,  to  the extent that such reports
     relate to CJC.   CJC  shall  pay directly or reimburse Purchaser for all
     costs in connection with such  reports solely to the extent they relate to
     CJC.

4.3  Conduct of Business.  CJC shall until the earlier of the Closing  Date  or
     the termination of this Agreement, conduct CJC's Business in the ordinary
     course of such business and not alter its reasonable business practice or
     take or omit to take any action that in any manner could reasonably be
     expected to adversely affect  its revenues; provided, however, that this
     shall not prevent CJC  from making such changes in the manner in which it
     conducts such business as it deems appropriate in the exercise of its
     reasonable business judgment.

4.4  Access  to  Information. From the date hereof until  the  earlier  of  the
     Closing or the termination of this Agreement, upon reasonable notice, CJC
     shall and  shall  cause its officers, directors, employees, agents,
     representatives, accountants and counsel to: (i) afford the officers,
     employees and  authorized agents, accountants, counsel and representatives
     of Purchaser reasonable access to  the facilities, books and records of CJC
     and to those officers, directors, employees, managers, members, agents,
     accountants and counsel of CJC who  have any knowledge relating to, and to
     the books and records of CJC relating to, the Assets  and  (ii) furnish to
     such representatives of Purchaser such additional financial  and  operating
     data and other information  regarding  the  assets, properties and good
     will of the Assets or Rights (or legible copies thereof) as Purchaser or
     such representatives may from time to time reasonably request.

4.5  Purchase of Inventory.  CJC shall purchase its inventory from Seller or a
     corporation designated by Seller is an affiliate at prices equal to 105% of
     the actual cost thereof to Seller or such affiliated corporation.

                                    ARTICLE 5

                              CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

5.1  Conditions  to Obligations of CJC and Seller.  The obligations of  CJC  and
     Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement  shall
     be  subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing of each  of  the
     following conditions in all material respects:

  (a)   Representations,  Warranties and Covenants.  The representations  and
        warranties of Purchaser contained in this Agreement shall have been true
        and correct as of the date they were made or deemed to have been made
        and shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date, with the same
        force and effect as if made as of the Closing Date, except for such
        changes as are expressly permitted or contemplated by this Agreement,
        and other than such representations and warranties  as are made as of
        another date.  The covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement
        to be complied with by Purchaser on or before the Closing  Date shall
        have been complied with.  CJC shall have  received  a certificate from
        Purchaser to such effect, dated as of  the Closing Date and signed by
        the Chief Executive Officer of Purchaser.

  (b)   No Proceeding or Litigation.  No legal or regulatory action shall have
        been commenced or threatened by or before any court or any federal,
        state or local governmental authority (collectively, "Governmental
        Authority") against CJC, Seller or Purchaser seeking to restrain or
        adversely alter the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or which
        is likely to render it impossible or unlawful to consummate such
        transactions or which could reasonably be expected to have a  material
        adverse effect on the condition of Purchaser (financial or otherwise) or
        on its respective assets, properties or prospects.

5.2  Conditions  to Obligations of Purchaser.  The obligations of Purchaser  to
     consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject
     to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following
     conditions in all material respects:

  (a)   Representations,  Warranties and Covenants.  The representations  and
        warranties of CJC and Seller contained in this Agreement shall have been
        true and correct as of the date as of which they were made or deemed to
        have been made and shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date,
        with the same force and effect as if made as of the Closing Date except
        for such changes as are expressly  permitted or contemplated by this
        Agreement, other  than  such representations and warranties as are made
        as of another date.  The covenants and agreements contained in this
        Agreement to be complied with by CJC and Seller on or before the Closing
        Date shall have been complied with.  Purchaser shall have received a
        certificate from CJC and Seller to such effect dated as of the Closing
        Date and signed by Seller and the Chief Executive Officer of CJC.

  (b)   No Proceeding or Litigation.  No legal or regulatory action shall have
        been commenced or threatened by or before any Governmental Authority
        against CJC, Purchaser or Seller seeking to restrain or adversely alter
        the transactions contemplated hereby or which is likely to render it
        impossible or unlawful to consummate the transactions contemplated by
        this Agreement or which could have a material adverse effect on the
        Assets or rights.

                                    ARTICLE 6

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

6.1  Indemnification of CJC and Seller.

  (a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article, Purchaser hereby
        agrees to indemnify, defend and hold each of Seller and CJC and its
        officers, directors, agents, attorneys and affiliates harmless from and
        against all losses, obligations, assessments, penalties, liabilities,
        costs, damages, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses (collectively,
        "Damages") asserted against or incurred by CJC or Seller or such
        identified persons by reason of or resulting from (i) a representation
        or warranty made by Purchaser herein being incorrect or untrue or (ii) a
        breach by Purchaser of any covenant contained herein or in any of the
        agreements executed pursuant hereto.

  (b)   CJC and Seller agree to cooperate with Purchaser in the event of  any
        settlement negotiated by Purchaser with regard to the indemnification
        provided herein.

6.2  Indemnification of Purchaser.

  (a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article, CJC and Seller
        hereby agree  to indemnify, defend and hold Purchaser and its officers,
        directors, agents, attorneys and affiliates harmless from and against
        all Damages asserted against or incurred by Purchaser or such
        indemnified persons by reason of or resulting from (i) a representation
        or warranty made by CJC or Seller herein being incorrect or untrue or
        (ii) a breach by CJC or Seller of any covenant contained herein or in
        any of the agreements executed pursuant hereto.

  (b)   Purchaser agrees to cooperate with CJC and Seller  in the event  of  any
        settlement  negotiated by CJC or Seller with regard to the
        indemnification provided herein.

  (c)   Assertion and Resolution of Indemnification Claim Any permitted
        indemnities under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof (an "Indemnified Party")
        shall give notice to the person responsible for indemnification (an
        "Indemnifying Party") of any claim as to which indemnification may be
        sought as soon as possible after the Indemnified Party has actual
        knowledge thereof and the amount thereof, if known. The  Indemnified
        Party shall supply to the Indemnifying  Party  any  other information in
        the possession of the Indemnified Party regarding such claim, and will
        permit the Indemnifying Party (at its expense) to assume the defense of
        any third party claim and any litigation resulting therefrom, provided
        that counsel for  the Indemnifying Party who shall conduct the defense
        of such claim  or litigation  shall be reasonably satisfactory to the
        Indemnified Party,  and provided further that the failure by the
        Indemnified Party to give notice as provided herein will not relieve the
        Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations hereunder except
        to the extent that the Indemnifying  Party  is damaged as a result of
        the failure to give notice. If the Indemnifying Party has assumed the
        defense of a third party claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be
        entitled to settle such third party claim without the prior written
        consent of the  Indemnified  Party, which consent shall not be
        unreasonably  withheld, provided that such consent shall not be required
        if such settlement involves only the payment of money and the claimant
        provides to the Indemnified Party, in form and substance reasonably
        satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, a release from all liability in
        respect of such third party claim.  The Indemnified Party shall have the
        right at all times to participate in the defense, settlement,
        negotiations or litigation relating to any third party claim or demand
        at its own  expense.  If the Indemnifying Party does not assume the
        defense of any matter as above provided, then the Indemnified Party
        shall have the right to defend any such third party claim or demand, and
        will be entitled to settle any such  claim or demand in its discretion
        for the account or benefit  of  the Indemnified Party.  In any event,
        the Indemnified Party will cooperate in the defense of any such action
        at the expense of the Indemnifying Party and the records of each party
        shall be available to the other with respect to  such defense.

6.3  Indemnification of Negligence of Indemnitee. The indemnification  provided
     in  this  Article   shall  be  applicable whether or  not  negligence  of
     the Indemnified Party is alleged or proven.

                                    ARTICLE 7

                                   TERMINATION

7.1  Termination  by  CJC or Seller.  CJC and Seller shall have  the  right  to
     terminate  this  Agreement  if the conditions in Section  5.1  have  not
     been satisfied or waived by CJC on or before March 31, 2003.

7.2  Termination by Purchaser.  Purchaser shall have the right to terminate this
     Agreement if the conditions in Section (b) have not been satisfied or
     waived by Purchaser on or before March 31, 2003.

7.3  Termination  by  Agreement of CJC and Purchaser.  CJC  and  Purchaser  may
     terminate this Agreement at any time by their mutual written consent.

7.4  Damages.  If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Article, the parties
     shall retain any rights  they may have against each other for any breach of
     any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE 8

                                   RESCISSION

8.1  Right to Rescind.  Except as expressly otherwise set forth in Section  8.4
     hereof, in the event that the aggregate Current Value, as that term is
     defined in  Section  8.2 below, of the NEAI Shares or any securities into
     which  such securities  may have become converted and all securities
     distributed  and  the value of any other property in connection therewith
     is less than $250,000 on the first day that the New York Stock Exchange is
     open for trading subsequent to the one year anniversary of the Closing Date
     (the "Rescission Date"), Seller shall have the right to rescind his
     purchase of the NEAI Shares as set forth herein.

8.2  Current  Value  of  a Security. For purposes hereof, Current  Value  of  a
     security shall be determined as follows:

       (a)  If the security is listed on a national securities exchange or
            admitted to unlisted trading privileges on such exchange or listed
            for trading on NASDAQ or the NASD Bulletin Board, the Current Value
            of a share or other unit shall be the last reported sale price of
            such security on such exchange or system or Bulletin Board or if no
            such sale is made on such day, the average of the closing high bid
            and low asked prices for such day on such exchange or system; or
            Bulletin Board; or

       (b)  If the security is not so listed or admitted to unlisted trading
            privileges but bid and asked prices are reported by the National
            Quotation Bureau, Inc. or any successor thereto, the Current Value
            shall be the average of last reported high bid and low asked prices
            reported by the National Quotation Bureau, Inc.; or

       (c)  If the Security is not so listed or admitted to unlisted trading
            privileges and bid and asked prices are not so reported, the Current
            Value shall be the book value of a share or other unit thereof as at
            the end of the fiscal quarter of Purchaser ending immediately prior
            to the one year anniversary of the Closing Date determined in
            accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
            consistently applied.

8.3  Procedure for Rescission.  In the event that Seller is entitled to rescind
     his purchase of the NEAI Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Article
     and desires to do so, he must give notice to that effect to Purchaser not
     later than five  days  subsequent to the Rescission Date (the "Rescission
     Notice").   The Rescission Notice must also state the time, during normal
     business  hours,  at Purchaser's  then  principal  business office that
     Seller  shall  deliver  to Purchaser the NEAI Shares or any securities into
     which such securities may have become  converted  and  all securities and
     any other property  distributed  in connection therewith to Purchaser (the
     "Rescission Closing").  In the event that Seller  duly  gives  the
     Rescission Notice to  Purchaser  and  delivers  such securities  and
     property to Purchaser in accordance therewith  and  herewith, Seller shall
     thereupon deliver to Seller the CJC Shares or any securities into which
     such securities may have become converted and all securities and any other
     property distributed in connection therewith.

8.4  Purchaser's   Right   to   Terminate  Seller's   Right   of   Rescission.
     Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that Seller
     duly gives the Rescission Notice, Seller may at its sole option issue and
     deliver to Purchaser at the Rescission Closing securities whose then
     Current Value  when added to the then Current Value of the NEAI Shares or
     any securities into which such securities may have become converted and all
     securities and the value  of any  other  property  distributed in
     connection therewith  is  not  less  than $250,000.   Upon such issuance
     and delivery, Purchaser's right  of  rescission pursuant to this Article
     shall terminate and be of no force and effect.


                                    ARTICLE 9

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

9.1  Survival  of  Representations  and Warranties.   The  representations  and
     warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing.

9.2  Expenses.   Each  party  hereto shall pay its  own  expenses  incurred  in
     connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.3  Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement and the schedules and  exhibits  hereto
     contain  the  complete  agreement  among  the  parties  with  respect  to
     the transactions  contemplated  hereby  and supersede  all  prior
     agreements  and understandings among the parties with respect to such
     transactions.

9.4  Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  any   number   of
     counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed
     an original, and such counterparts together shall constitute only one
     original.

9.5  Notices.  All notices, demands, requests, or other communications that may
     be or are required to be given, served or sent by any party to any other
     party pursuant  to  this  Agreement shall be in writing and shall  be
     addressed  as follows:

     If to CJC:

     CJC Enterprises Of New York, Inc.
     1206 Middle Country Road
     Selden, NY


If to Purchaser:

     New England Acquisitions, Inc.
     5 Ridge Road
     Cos Cob, CT 06807

     If to Seller:

     Eugene Cella
     1206 Middle Country Road
     Selden, NY

     Any  party  may designate by notice in writing a new address to  which  any
     notice, demand, request or communication may thereafter be so given, served
     or  sent.   Each notice, demand, request or communication that  is  mailed,
     delivered  or  transmitted in the manner described above  shall  be  deemed
     sufficiently given, served, sent and received for all purposes at such time
     as  it is delivered to the addressee, with the return receipt, the delivery
     receipt,  the  affidavit of messenger, or (with respect to  a  telecopy  or
     other  electronic  transmission) the confirmation of receipt  being  deemed
     conclusive  evidence  of  such delivery, or at such  time  as  delivery  is
     refused by the addressee upon presentation.

9.1  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to  be  illegal,
     invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the
     term hereof,  the  provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement
     shall  be construed  and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or
     unenforceable provision were never a part hereof; and the remaining
     provisions hereof shall remain  in full  force  and effect and shall not be
     affected by the illegal,  invalid  or unenforceable provision or by its
     severance herefrom.  Furthermore, in lieu of such  illegal,  invalid  or
     unenforceable provision,  there  shall  be  added automatically as part of
     this Agreement a provision as similar in its terms to such  illegal,
     invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible  and  be legal, valid
     and enforceable.

9.2  Successors  and  Assigns.  This Agreement and the  rights,  interests  and
     obligations hereunder shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
     of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
     assigns.

9.3  Governing  Law.   This  Agreement and the rights and  obligations  of  the
     parties hereto shall be governed, construed and enforced in accordance with
     the laws  of the State of New York and exclusive venue shall lie in the
     state  and federal courts in the State of New York.

9.4  Amendment,  Waiver  and  Other Action.  This  Agreement  may  be  amended,
     modified or supplemented only by a written instrument executed by the
     parties against  which  enforcement of the amendment, modification  or
     supplement  is sought.

9.5  Legal Representation.  The parties to this Agreement acknowledge that they
     have  been advised that they should seek and have had the opportunity to
     seek counsel  to  review this Agreement and to obtain the advice  of  such
     counsel relating thereto.

9.6  Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any right created hereby  shall  be
     assignable by any party hereto without the written consent of the other
     parties.

9.7  Captions.  The captions in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
     only  and  shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms or
     provisions hereof.

9.8  Number  and  Gender.  Whenever the context requires,  references  in  this
     Agreement  to the singular number shall include the plural; the plural
     number shall  include  the  singular; and words denoting  gender  shall
     include  the masculine, feminine, and neuter.

9.9  Public Announcements.  Except to the extent that CJC or Purchaser or Seller
     believes on the advice of counsel that public disclosure is required by
     law, no party to this Agreement shall make, or cause to be made, any press
     release  or public   announcement  in  respect  of  this  Agreement  or
     the  transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise communicate with any
     news media without prior notification to the other parties.  The parties
     shall cooperate as to the time and contents of any such press release or
     public announcement, but if they are unable to reach an agreement as to the
     time and contents of such press release or public announcement, each shall
     be free to make such press release or public announcement as it deems
     necessary.


                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year set forth above.


          NEW ENGLAND ACQUISITIONS, INC.     CJC ENTERPRISES OF NEW YORK, INC.

          By: /s/ Gary Cella                     By: /s/ Eugene Cella
                  _________________                      __________________
          Its:    President                      Its:    President



                                                     /s/ Eugene Cella
                                                         __________________
                                                         Eugene Cella


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
