<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex1020.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.20

                     FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

        THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Amended Agreement") is made and
entered into as of this 31st day of December, 2002, by and between BANK OF
HAMPTON ROADS, INC., a banking corporation organized under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia (the "Bank", or "Employer") and JULIE R. ANDERSON, (the
"Officer").

                                R E C I T A L S :

        1. The Bank and the Officer entered into an Employment Agreement (the
"Agreement") dated the 11th day of October, 2001.

        2. Since entering into the Agreement, the Officer has been employed by
the Bank and both the Bank and the Officer currently wish to continue that
relationship.

        3. The Agreement as originally prepared provided that it would, absent
written notice to the contrary, renew for an additional period of sixty months
from the original anniversary date, but there was no provision for further
renewals.

        4. It was the intention of the parties at the time of the original
Agreement that it continue to renew for consecutive sixty-month periods absent
the occurrence of one of the events specified in Paragraph 2(a) of the
Agreement.

        5. The Bank and the Officer wish to amend the Agreement by deleting the
existing Paragraph 2(a) and substituting in its place a new Paragraph 2(a) which
will provide for continued renewals of the Agreement.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms and conditions herein
contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are acknowledged by each party to this Amended Agreement,
the Bank and the Officer agree that Paragraph 2(a) of the Agreement is deleted
and the following Paragraph 2(a) substituted in its place:

           2.   TERMS AND COMPENSATION:

                (a) Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall commence
                on that date upon which the Bank's Board of Directors approves
                the said agreement and shall continue until the first to occur
                of (i) except as otherwise provided in Section 3 hereof, the end
                of the sixtieth consecutive month following the commencement
                date aforesaid, (ii) the Officer's death, or (iii) except as
                provided in Paragraph (d) of this Section 2, the Officer's
                disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in the event
                the Officer is not informed, in writing, prior to the last day
                of the forty-eighth consecutive month following the Commencement
                date of employment, or any subsequent sixty-month renewal term,
                that this Agreement will not be renewed, this Agreement will
                automatically renew itself for an additional period of sixty
                months from the original anniversary date or, as the case may
                be, any renewal term.

        Except as modified above, the parties ratify and reaffirm the Agreement.

        WITNESS the following signatures and seals as of the day and year first
above written.

<PAGE>

                               BANK OF HAMPTON ROADS, INC.

                               BY:    /s/ Emil A. Viola                   (SEAL)
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      Emil A. Viola, Chairman of the Board

                                      /s/ Julie R. Anderson               (SEAL)
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      Julie R. Anderson, Executive Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
