<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>spc_ex10-b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                          AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made as of the twenty-fifth day of
February, 2003 between SuperiorClean, Inc., a Nevada
corporation ("SuperiorClean") and Nevada Fund ("Fund") and
Aldo Rotondi or assigns ("Aldo").

1.  SuperiorClean will sell 5,000,000 shares of common stock
of SuperiorClean to Fund and Rotondi or assigns at a price
of $0.03 per share for the following consideration:

     $150,000.00, payable as follows:

       1. $5,000 upon execution of the Letter of Intent,

       2. $5,000 upon execution of the definitive Agreement or
          after 30 days from the date of the signing of the Letter of
          Intent whichever is later,

       3. the remaining $140,000 will be payable in the form of a
          non interest bearing note from Nevada Fund due in 90 days
          from February 07, 2003, the note is extendible for a period
          of 60 days at the discretion of the maker.  The amount of
          this note shall be reduced by any amount which may be set
          off under a note due Micah Gautier of even date herewith
          under the agreement referred to in paragraph 11.

The shares shall be divided between Fund and Aldo as mutually agreed.

2.  Prior to closing, Aldo shall be elected to the Board of
Directors of SuperiorClean to fill the vacancy created by
Gautier's resignation.  Thereafter, Aldo will be the sole
director and officer of SuperiorClean.

3.   This  Agreement shall be governed by and construed  and
accordance  with  the  laws of the  State  of  Nevada,  both
substantive   and   remedial.   This  Agreement   shall   be
enforceable in accordance with its terms and be binding upon
and  shall  inure to the benefit of the parties  hereto  and
their   respective   successors,  assigns,   executors   and
administrators, but this Agreement and the respective rights
and  obligations  of  the  parties hereunder  shall  not  be
assignable  by  any party hereto without the  prior  written
consent of the other.  This Agreement represents the  entire
understanding and agreement between the parties hereto  with
respect  to the subject matter hereof; supersedes all  prior
negotiations,  letters and understandings  relating  to  the
subject  matter hereof; and cannot be amended,  supplemented
or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by the
party  against  whom  enforcement  of  any  such  amendment,
supplement or modification is sought.  In the event  of  any
litigation  between  the parties to this Agreement  relating
to,  or arising out of, this Agreement, the prevailing party
shall be entitled to an award of reasonable attorney's  fees
and  costs,  trial  and appellate levels.   The  failure  or
finding  of  invalidity of any provision of  this  Agreement
shall  in  no manner affect the right to enforce  the  other
provisions  of  same, and the waiver by  any  party  of  any
breach  of  any  provision of this Agreement  shall  not  be
construed  to  be a waiver by such party of  any  subsequent
breach of any other provision.

4.  Termination

This Agreement may be terminated only by the mutual written
consent of the Parties hereto and may be extended only upon
the mutual written consent of the Parties.

5.  Assignability

This Agreement shall not be assignable or transferable by
either Party.

6.  Governing Laws

 The validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement agree that
any litigation arising out of the terms of this agreement
shall be commenced in courts located in the State of Nevada,
Clark County.  All parties consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts
located in Clark County with respect to any action arising
under this Agreement.

7.  Amendment

This Agreement shall be amended only with the written
consent of the Parties.

8.  Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts by
original or facsimile signature, and each such counterpart
shall be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such
counterparts together shall constitute but one agreement.

9.  Brokers' or Finders' Fees

Each Party shall indemnify and hold the other Party harmless
from any claim for brokerage or finders' fees arising out
the transactions contemplated hereby by any person claiming
to have been engaged by either Party.

10. Expenses

Except as provided herein, each of Gautier and
SuperiorClean, and their shareholders, respectively, shall
bear its own expenses in connection with the preparation for
the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement.

11.  Contemporaneous Closing

This Agreement shall close contemporaneously with that
certain Agreement between SuperiorClean and Michah Gautier
dated February 25, 2003 attached hereto as Schedule E with
that certain Agreement between SuperiorClean.  If those
agreements do not close, no party to this Agreement shall
close this Agreement until such closings occur or have any
liability to the other party as a result thereof.

The foregoing Agreement is accepted, approved and agreed to
by SuperiorClean, Inc. this 25th day of February, 2003.


SUPERIORCLEAN, INC.


By: /s/ Michah Gautier
    -------------------

Name: Michah Gautier

Title: President

The foregoing Agreement is accepted, approved and agreed to
by Fund this 25th day of February, 2003.


Nevada Fund



By:  /s/ Stephen Brock
    -----------------------

Name:   Stephen Brock, President

The foregoing Agreement is accepted, approved and agreed to
by Aldo this 25th day of February, 2003.


Aldo Rotondi



By:   /s/ Aldo Rotondi
     --------------------

Name:   Aldo Rotondi




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
