<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>epix_ex99-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                       PURCHASE AGREEMENT


      THIS  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (the "Agreement")  is  made  and
entered  into  as of the 7th of March, 2003, by and  between  the
following:

   WILLIAM R. PARKER, an individual (hereinafter "Seller"); and
EPIC  FINANCIAL  CORPORATION,  a  Nevada  corporation (hereinafter "EPIC").


                      W I T N E S S E T H


      WHEREAS,  subject  to  the terms  and  conditions  of  this
Agreement,  EPIC  and  Seller desire for EPIC  to  purchase  from
Seller  and  for  Seller to sell to EPIC all of  the  outstanding
common   stock  of  SADDLEBACK  INVESTMENT  SERVICES,   INC.,   a
California  corporation (the "Saddleback Stock" and "Saddleback",
respectively); and

      WHEREAS,  the Board of Directors of EPIC deems it desirable
and  in the best interests of EPIC and its stockholders that EPIC
purchase  the  Saddleback Stock in consideration of  issuance  by
EPIC to Seller of three million (3,000,000) shares of EPIC common
stock (the "EPIC Shares"); and

     WHEREAS, Seller deems it desirable and in the best interests
of Seller that Seller sell the Saddleback Stock to EPIC; and

      WHEREAS,  EPIC  and  Seller desire to provide  for  certain
undertakings,   conditions,  representations,   warranties,   and
covenants  in  connection with the transactions  contemplated  by
this Agreement; and

      WHEREAS,  Seller and the Board of Directors  of  EPIC  have
approved  and  adopted this Agreement, subject to the  terms  and
conditions set forth herein;

      NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises  and  the
mutual  covenants  and agreements herein contained,  the  parties
hereto do hereby agree as follows:


                            SECTION 1

                           DEFINITIONS

       1.1    "Agreement",   "EPIC",  "EPIC  Shares",   "Seller",
"Saddleback" and "Saddleback Stock", respectively, shall have the
meanings defined in the foregoing preamble and recitals  to  this
Agreement.

     1.2  "Closing Date" shall mean 10:00 a.m., local time, March
31,  2003,  at Irvine, California, the date on which the  parties
hereto shall close the transactions contemplated herein; provided
that the parties can change the Closing Date and place of Closing
to such other time and place as the parties shall mutually agree,
in  writing.   As  of  the Closing Date,  all  Exhibits  to  this
Agreement shall be complete and attached to this Agreement.


                           SECTION 2

      AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE OF SADDLEBACK STOCK

       2.1   Substantive  Terms  of  the  Purchase  and  Sale  of
Saddleback  Stock.   Seller shall sell and deliver  to  EPIC  one
hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding common stock
of  Saddleback in a form enabling EPIC, then and there, to become
the  record and beneficial owner of said common stock, consisting
of ten thousand (10,000) shares which represent all of the issued
and  outstanding common stock of Saddleback.  It is  acknowledged
by  the  parties that EPIC is presently the record and beneficial
owner   of  one  hundred  thousand  (100,000)  shares  Series   A
Convertible Preferred Stock of Saddleback, which constitutes  all
of the issued and outstanding preferred stock of Saddleback.

     2.2  Consideration Paid by EPIC.

                (a)   EPIC  shall sell and deliver to Seller  the
          Epic  Shares,  consisting of three million  (3,000,000)
          shares of common stock of EPIC.  The EPIC Shares  shall
          be  issued  pursuant to an exemption from  registration
          under  the Securities Act of 1933 (the "1933 Act")  and
          from   registration  under  any  and  applicable  state
          securities laws.  The certificate representing the EPIC
          Shares  shall bear the restrictive legend set forth  in
          Rule  144  of the Rules and Regulation of the 1933  Act
          and  any  appropriate legend required under  applicable
          state  securities  laws.   The  EPIC  Shares  shall  be
          validly  issued and outstanding, fully paid,  and  non-
          assessable.

                (b)   Following the Closing Date, Saddleback will
          become a wholly-owned and operated subsidiary of  EPIC.
          Seller  shall  (i)  continue  to  serve  as  the  Chief
          Executive  Officer of Saddleback and  (ii)  be  elected
          President  of EPIC and named to the Board of  Directors
          of EPIC at the earliest practicable date.


                            SECTION 3

             REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EPIC

      EPIC,  in  order to induce Seller to execute this Agreement
and   to   consummate   the  transactions  contemplated   herein,
represents and warrants to Seller, as follows:

      3.1  Organization and Qualification.  EPIC is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under  the
laws of Nevada, with all requisite power and authority to own its
property  and  to  carry  on its business  as  it  is  now  being
conducted.   EPIC is duly qualified as a foreign corporation  and
in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership, lease,
or operation of property or the conduct of business requires such
qualification, except where the failure to be in good standing or
so  qualified  would not have a material, adverse effect  on  the
financial condition or business of EPIC.

     3.2  Ownership of EPIC.  EPIC is authorized to issue two classes
of  stock of up to 20,000,000 common shares, $0.001 par value per
share,  of  which approximately 349,327 are currently issued  and
outstanding, and of up to 5,000,000 preferred shares, $0.001  par
value  per  share,  of  which  (a)  1,000,000  shares  have  been
designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock all  of  which
are  issued and outstanding, with Saddleback being the record and
beneficial  owner  thereof;  and (b)  300,000  shares  have  been
designated  as  Series B Convertible Preferred  Stock,  of  which
100,000 shares are issued and outstanding.

      3.3   Authorization and Validity.  EPIC has  the  requisite
power  and is duly authorized to execute and deliver and to carry
out  the terms of this Agreement.  The board of directors of EPIC
has   taken   all  action  required  by  law,  its  Articles   of
Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws or otherwise  to  authorize
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of   the   transactions  contemplated  hereby,  subject  to   the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set  forth  in
Section  8 of this Agreement.  Assuming this Agreement  has  been
approved  by  all  action necessary on the part of  Seller,  this
Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of EPIC.

     3.4  No Defaults.  EPIC is not in default under or in violation
of any provision of its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or
Bylaws.   EPIC  is  not in default under or in violation  of  any
material  provision of any indenture, mortgage,  deed  of  trust,
lease, loan agreement, or other agreement or instrument to  which
it  is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its  is
subject, if such default would have a material, adverse effect on
the  financial  condition or business of EPIC.  EPIC  is  not  in
violation of any statute, law, ordinance, order, judgment,  rule,
regulation, permit, franchise, or other approval or authorization
of  any  court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction
over it or any of its properties which, if enforced, would have a
material,  adverse effect on the financial condition or  business
of  EPIC.   Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
nor  the  consummation  of the transactions contemplated  herein,
will  conflict  with  or result in a breach of  or  constitute  a
default  under any of the foregoing or result in the creation  of
any lien, mortgage, pledge, charge, or encumbrance upon any asset
of  EPIC and no consents or waivers thereunder are required to be
obtained  in  connection  therewith in order  to  consummate  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.5  SEC Documents; Financial Statements.  As of the Closing, the
Company  has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements  and
other  documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant
to  the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934,  as  amended (the "1934 Act") (all of the  foregoing  filed
prior  to  the date hereof and all exhibits included therein  and
financial   statements  and  schedules  thereto   and   documents
incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter  referred  to
as  the "SEC Documents").  As of their respective dates, the  SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of  the  1934  Act  and  the rules and  regulations  of  the  SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and  none
of  the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the  SEC,
contained  any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted  to
state  a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in  order  to  make  the  statements therein,  in  light  of  the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  As  of
their  respective dates, the financial statements of the  Company
included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material
respects   with  applicable  accounting  requirements   and   the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect  thereto.
Such  financial  statements  have been  prepared  in  substantial
accordance   with   generally  accepted  accounting   principles,
consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i)  as
may  be  otherwise indicated in such financial statements or  the
notes   thereto,  or  (ii)  in  the  case  of  unaudited  interim
statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes  or  may  be
condensed  or  summary  statements) and  fairly  present  in  all
material respects the financial position of the Company as of the
dates  thereof and the results of its operations and  cash  flows
for  the  periods then ended (subject, in the case  of  unaudited
statements,  to  normal  year-end audit adjustments).   No  other
information  provided by or on behalf of the  Company  to  Seller
which  is  not included in the SEC Documents, including,  without
limitation, contains any untrue statement of a material  fact  or
omits  to state any material fact necessary in order to make  the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under  which
they  are or were made, not misleading.  Neither the Company  nor
any of its officers, directors, employees or agents have provided
Seller with any material, nonpublic information.

      3.6   Absence  of Certain Changes.  Since the  most  recent
filing  by  the Company with the SEC, there has been no  material
adverse  change  and  no  material  adverse  development  in  the
business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of
operations  or  prospects of the Company.  The  Company  has  not
taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps,
to  seek  protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor does  the
Company  have  any  knowledge  or  reason  to  believe  that  its
creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings.

      3.7   Documents.   The copies of all agreements  and  other
instruments that have been delivered by EPIC to Seller are  true,
correct,  and complete copies of such agreements and  instruments
and include all amendments thereto.

     3.8  Disclosure.  The representations and warranties made by
EPIC  herein  and  in  any schedule, statement,  certificate,  or
document  furnished or to be furnished by EPIC to Seller pursuant
to  the  provisions hereof or in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, taken as a whole, do not and will not as  of
their  respective  dates  contain  any  untrue  statements  of  a
material fact, or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made not misleading.


                           SECTION 4

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

      Seller,  in order to induce EPIC to execute this  Agreement
and   to   consummate   the  transactions  contemplated   herein,
represents and warrants to EPIC as follows:

      4.1   Organization  and  Qualification.   Saddleback  is  a
California corporation, duly organized, validly existing, and  in
good standing under the laws of the state of California with  all
requisite power and authority to own its property and assets  and
to  carry on its business as it is now being conducted, including
the  use  of  its  business  name "American  National  Mortgage".
Saddleback is qualified as a foreign corporation and is  in  good
standing  in  each  jurisdiction where the ownership,  lease,  or
operation  of  property or the conduct of its  business  requires
such  qualification,  except where the  failure  to  be  in  good
standing  or  so  qualified would not have  a  material,  adverse
effect  on  the  financial condition and business of  Saddleback.
With  respect to those states in which Saddleback, doing business
as  American National Mortgage, presently conducts business as  a
mortgage  lender, Saddleback is duly licensed or approved  to  do
business as a mortgage lender in each jurisdiction in which  such
licensing or approval is required.

     4.2  Ownership of Saddleback Stock.  Saddleback is authorized to
issue  two classes of stock:  common stock, consisting of  up  to
two  hundred thousand (200,000) shares, no par value  per  share,
and  preferred  stock, consisting of up to one  hundred  thousand
(100,000) shares, of which one hundred thousand (100,000)  shares
have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.  At
the  date hereof, of such authorized shares of common stock,  ten
thousand  (10,000)  shares  have  been  validly  issued  and  are
outstanding, fully paid, and non-assessable.  All of  the  shares
of  common stock are owned of record and beneficially by  Seller.
As  of  the  date hereof, of such authorized shares of  preferred
stock,  one  hundred thousand (100,000) shares have been  validly
issued  and are outstanding, fully paid, and non-assessable,  all
of which are owned of record and beneficially by Epic.  There are
no   options,  warrants,  or  other  securities  exercisable   or
convertible into or any calls, commitments, or agreements of  any
kind relating to any unissued equity securities of Saddleback.

      4.3   Authorization and Validity.  Seller has the requisite
power  and is duly authorized to execute and deliver and to carry
out  the  terms  of this Agreement.  Assuming this Agreement  has
been  approved by all action necessary on the part of EPIC,  this
Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of Seller.

      4.4   Conduct and Transactions of Saddleback.   During  its
current fiscal year, Saddleback conducted the operations  of  its
business consistent with past practice and used its best  efforts
to  maintain  and  preserve its properties,  key  employees,  and
relationships with customers and suppliers.  Without limiting the
foregoing, during such period Saddleback did not:

           (a)   Incur  any  liabilities except to  maintain  its
     facilities  and  assets  in  the  ordinary  course  of   its
     business;

           (b)   Declare  or pay any dividends on any  shares  of
     capital  stock or make any other distribution of  assets  to
     the holders thereof;

           (c)   Issue,  reissue, or sell, or  issue  options  or
     rights  to  subscribe  to, or enter  into  any  contract  or
     commitment to issue, reissue, or sell, any shares of capital
     stock  or acquire or agree to acquire any shares of  capital
     stock;

           (d)  Amend its respective Articles of Incorporation or
     Bylaws  or  merge  or consolidate with  or  into  any  other
     corporation or sell all or substantially all of  its  assets
     or  change in any manner the rights of its capital stock  or
     other securities;

           (e)   Pay or incur any obligation or liability, direct
     or   contingent,  except  in  the  ordinary  course  of  its
     business;
          (f)  Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, assume,
     guarantee,  endorse,  or  otherwise become  responsible  for
     obligations of any other party, or make loans or advances to
     any  other  party  except  in the  ordinary  course  of  its
     business;

          (g)  Increase in any manner the compensation, direct or
     indirect,  of  any  of its officers or executive  employees,
     except as otherwise disclosed in Exhibit 4.4(g), hereto; or

           (h)   Make  any  capital expenditures  except  in  the
     ordinary course of its business.

      4.5   Compensation Due Employees.  Saddleback will not have
any  outstanding liability for payment of wages,  payroll  taxes,
vacation  pay (whether accrued or otherwise), salaries,  bonuses,
pensions, contributions under any employee benefit plans or other
compensation, current or deferred, under any labor or  employment
contracts,  whether oral or written, based upon  or  accruing  in
respect  of those services of employees of Saddleback  that  have
been performed prior to the Closing Date, except as specified  on
Exhibit  4.5  hereto.  On the Closing Date, Saddleback  will  not
have  any  unfunded,  contingent or  other  liability  under  any
defined  benefits plan or any other retirement or retirement-type
plan,  whether  such  plan(s) are to continue  or  are  thereupon
terminated, except for the normal on-going obligations for future
contributions  under  such  plan(s)  not  related,  generally  or
specifically,  to the termination of such plan(s)  or  except  as
specified on Exhibit 4.5 hereto.

     4.6  Union Agreements and Employment Agreements.  Saddleback
is  not  a  party  to any union agreement or any organized  labor
dispute.    Saddleback  has  no  written  or  verbal   employment
agreements with any of its employees, except as listed in Exhibit
4.6 hereto.

      4.7  Contracts and Leases.  Except as listed in Exhibit 4.7
hereto,  Saddleback is not a party to any written or oral leases,
commitments,  or  any  other agreements.  On  the  Closing  Date,
Saddleback  has  paid or performed in all material  respects  all
obligations required to be paid or performed by it to  such  date
and  will  not  be  in  default  under  any  document,  contract,
agreement, lease, or other commitment to which it is a party.

      4.8  Insurance.  All insurance against losses or damages or
other risks which are in force for the benefit of Saddleback  are
set forth in Exhibit 4.8 hereto.

      4.9  Liabilities.  Saddleback has no liabilities, except as
described in Exhibit 4.9 hereto.

      4.10  Proprietary  Rights.   Saddleback  owns  or  is  duly
licensed  to use such trademarks and copyrights as are  necessary
to  conduct its business as presently conducted.  The conduct  of
business  by  Saddleback  does not,  to  the  best  knowledge  of
Saddleback,  infringe upon the trademarks or  copyrights  of  any
third  party.   Saddleback  owns the  rights  to  the  fictitious
business  name  in  all jurisdictions in which  it  is  presently
operating.

     4.11 Internal Controls.

            (a)   There  have  been  no  transactions  except  in
     accordance    with   management's   general   or    specific
     authorization.

           (b)   Saddleback has devised and maintained respective
     systems  of  internal  accounting  controls  sufficient   to
     provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded
     as   necessary  (i)  to  permit  preparation  of   financial
     statements  in conformity with generally accepted accounting
     principles  and (ii) to maintain accountability  for  assets
     and expenses.

     4.12 Contracts and Agreements.  Saddleback is not a party to
any  material contracts or agreements in respect of the operation
of its business, except as listed in Exhibit 4.12 hereto.

      4.13  Minute Books.  The minute books of Saddleback contain
true,  complete, and accurate records of all meetings  and  other
corporate actions of its shareholders and Board of Directors, and
true  and accurate copies thereof have been delivered to  counsel
for EPIC prior to the Closing Date.  The signatures appearing  on
all  documents contained therein are the true signatures  of  the
persons purporting to have signed the same.

     4.14 Litigation.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.14, there
are  no  actions, suits, proceedings, orders, investigations,  or
claims  (whether  or  not purportedly on  behalf  of  Saddleback)
pending  against or affecting Saddleback at law or in  equity  or
before or by any federal, state, municipal, or other governmental
department,   commission,  board,  agency,  or   instrumentality,
domestic  or  foreign, nor has any such action, suit, proceeding,
or investigation been pending or threatened in writing during the
12-month  period preceding the date hereof, which,  if  adversely
determined,  would materially and adversely affect the  financial
condition of Saddleback or which seeks to prohibit, restrict,  or
delay  the  consummation of the stock sale  contemplated  hereby.
Saddleback  is not operating under or subject to, or  in  default
with  respect to, any order, writ, injunction, or decree  of  any
court   or  federal,  state,  municipal,  or  other  governmental
department, commission, board, agency, or instrumentality.

     4.15 Taxes.  At the Closing Date, all tax returns required to be
filed  with  respect  to the operations  or  assets  of  each  of
Saddleback prior to Closing Date have been correctly prepared  in
all material respects and timely filed, and all taxes required to
be  paid  in respect of the periods covered by such returns  have
been paid in full or adequate reserves have been established  for
the  payment of such taxes.  Except as set forth in Exhibit 4.15,
as  of  the  Closing  Date,  Saddleback  has  not  requested  any
extension of time within which to file any tax returns,  and  all
known  deficiencies  for  any  tax, assessment,  or  governmental
charge  or duty shall have been paid in full or adequate reserves
have  been  established  for  the payment  of  such  taxes.   The
Saddleback  tax  returns are true and complete  in  all  material
respects.   No  audits  by  federal  or  state  authorities   are
currently pending or threatened.

      4.16 No Defaults.  Saddleback is not in default under or in
violation  of  any provision of its Articles of Incorporation  or
Bylaws.   Saddleback is not in default under or in  violation  of
any material provision of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
lease, loan agreement, or other agreement or instrument to  which
it  is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its  is
subject, if such default would have a material, adverse effect on
the financial condition or business of Saddleback.  Saddleback is
not in violation of any statute, law, ordinance, order, judgment,
rule,  regulation,  permit,  franchise,  or  other  approval   or
authorization of any court or governmental agency or body  having
jurisdiction over it or any of its properties which, if enforced,
would  have a material, adverse effect on the financial condition
or business of Saddleback.  Neither the execution and delivery of
this   Agreement,  nor  the  consummation  of  the   transactions
contemplated herein, will conflict with or result in a breach  of
or  constitute a default under any of the foregoing or result  in
the   creation  of  any  lien,  mortgage,  pledge,   charge,   or
encumbrance  upon  any asset of Saddleback  and  no  consents  or
waivers  thereunder  are  required to be obtained  in  connection
therewith in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

      4.17  Documents.   The copies of all agreements  and  other
instruments that have been delivered by Seller to EPIC are  true,
correct,  and complete copies of such agreements and  instruments
and include all amendments thereto.

     4.18 Disclosure.  The representations and warranties made by
Seller  herein  and in any schedule, statement,  certificate,  or
document furnished or to be furnished by Saddleback and/or Seller
to  EPIC pursuant to the provisions hereof or in connection  with
the  transactions contemplated hereby taken as a whole do not and
will  not  as  of  their  respective  dates  contain  any  untrue
statements  of a material fact, or omit to state a material  fact
necessary to make the statements made not misleading.


                           SECTION 5

                  INVESTIGATION; PRESS RELEASE

     5.1  Investigation.

            (a)    EPIC   acknowledges  that  it  has   made   an
     investigation of Saddleback to confirm, among other  things,
     the   assets,   liabilities,  and  status  of  business   of
     Saddleback  and  the  cash  position,  accounts  receivable,
     liabilities,  and mortgages in process.   In  the  event  of
     termination of this Agreement, EPIC will deliver  to  Seller
     all  documents,  work papers, and other  materials  and  all
     copies  thereof  obtained by EPIC, or on  its  behalf,  from
     Saddleback or Seller, whether obtained before or  after  the
     execution hereof, will not use, directly or indirectly,  any
     confidential information obtained from Saddleback or  Seller
     hereunder or in connection herewith, and will keep all  such
     information confidential and not used in any way detrimental
     to  Saddleback or Seller except to the extent  the  same  is
     publicly disclosed by Saddleback or Seller.

            (b)    Seller  acknowledges  that  he  has  made   an
     investigation  of  EPIC,  which has  included,  among  other
     things,   the  opportunity  of  discussions  with  executive
     officers  of EPIC, and its accountants, investment  bankers,
     and counsel.  In the event of termination of this Agreement,
     Seller will deliver to EPIC all documents, work papers,  and
     other  materials and all copies thereof obtained by him,  or
     on  his behalf, from EPIC, whether obtained before or  after
     the   execution  hereof  and  will  not  use,  directly   or
     indirectly, any confidential information obtained from  EPIC
     hereunder or in connection herewith, and will keep all  such
     information confidential and not used in any way detrimental
     to EPIC, except to the extent the same is publicly disclosed
     by EPIC.

           (c)   Except  in  the  event  that  any  party  hereto
     discovers   in   the  course  of  his  or   its   respective
     investigation any breach of a representation or warranty  by
     the  other  party hereto and does not disclose  it  to  such
     other  party  prior  to the Closing Date,  no  investigation
     pursuant  to this Section 5.1 shall affect or be  deemed  to
     modify  any  representation or warranty made  by  any  party
     hereto.

     5.2   Press Release.  EPIC and Seller shall agree with  each
other as to the form and substance of any press releases and  the
filing  of any documents with any federal or state agency related
to  this  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby  and
shall  consult  with each other as to the form and  substance  of
other public disclosures related thereto; provided, however, that
nothing contained herein shall prohibit either party from  making
any disclosure that its counsel deems necessary.


                           SECTION 6

                           BROKERAGE

      6.1   Brokers and Finders.  Except as set forth in  Exhibit
6.1,  neither  EPIC  nor  Seller,  or  any  of  their  respective
officers,  directors,  employees, or  agents,  has  employed  any
broker,  finder, or financial advisor or incurred  any  liability
for  any  fee  or  commissions in connection with initiating  the
transactions  contemplated herein.  Each party hereto  agrees  to
indemnify and hold the other party harmless against or in respect
of  any commissions, finder's fees, or brokerage fees incurred or
alleged  to  have  been incurred with respect to  initiating  the
transactions contemplated herein as a result of any action of the
indemnifying party.


                           SECTION 7

              CLOSING AGREEMENTS AND POST-CLOSING

     7.1  Closing Agreements.  On the Closing Date, the following
activities  shall  occur,  the  following  agreements  shall   be
executed and delivered, and the respective parties thereto  shall
have  performed all acts that are required by the terms  of  such
activities  and  agreements to have been performed simultaneously
with the execution and delivery thereof as of the Closing Date:

          (a)  Seller shall have executed and delivered documents
     to  EPIC  sufficient then and there to transfer  record  and
     beneficial  ownership  to  EPIC  of  the  Saddleback  Stock,
     consisting  up  ten thousand (10,000) shares  of  Saddleback
     common stock;

          (b)  EPIC shall have delivered to Seller the EPIC Shares,
     consisting of three million (3,000,000) shares of EPIC common
     stock;


                            SECTION 8

       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EPIC'S OBLIGATIONS TO CLOSE

      The  obligations of EPIC to consummate this  Agreement  are
subject  to satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date  of  the
following conditions:

      8.1   Representations and Warranties.  The  representations
and  warranties  of Seller contained in this Agreement  shall  be
true  and  correct  in all material respects on  and  as  of  the
Closing  Date,  and Seller shall have performed in  all  material
respects  all  of  his obligations hereunder  theretofore  to  be
performed.

      8.2   Other.  The joint conditions precedent in Section  10
hereof  shall have been satisfied and all documents required  for
Closing shall be acceptable to Counsel for EPIC.


                            SECTION 9

     CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLER'S OBLIGATIONS TO CLOSE

      The  obligation of Seller to consummate this  Agreement  is
subject  to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing  Date  of
the following conditions:

      9.1   Representations and Warranties.  The  representations
and  warranties of EPIC contained in this Agreement shall be true
and  correct  in all material respects on and as of  the  Closing
Date, and EPIC shall have performed in all material respects  all
of its obligations hereunder theretofore to be performed.

      9.2   Other.  The joint conditions precedent in Section  10
hereof shall have been satisfied.


                           SECTION 10

                   JOINT CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

      The  obligations  of  EPIC and Seller  to  consummate  this
Agreement  shall be subject to satisfaction or waiver in  writing
by  all  parties  of  each  and all of the  following  additional
conditions precedent at or prior to the Closing Date:

      10.1  Other Agreements.  All of the agreements contemplated
by  Section  7.1 of this Agreement shall have been  executed  and
delivered, and all acts required to be performed thereunder as of
the  Closing  Date  shall  have been duly  performed,  including,
without limitation, completion of all exhibits to this Agreement.

      10.2  Absence  of Litigation.  At the Closing  Date,  there
shall  be  no  action, suit, or proceeding pending or  threatened
against  any  of  the parties hereto by any person,  governmental
agency,  or  subdivision thereof, nor shall there be  pending  or
threatened  any  action in any court or administrative  tribunal,
which would have the effect of inhibiting the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein.


                           SECTION 11

                        CONFIDENTIALITY

      11.1  EPIC acknowledges that its principals have, and will,
acquire  information and materials from Seller and/or  Saddleback
and   knowledge   about   the  technology,  business,   products,
strategies,  customers, clients and suppliers of  the  Saddleback
and  that all such information, materials and knowledge acquired,
are  and  will be trade secrets and confidential and  proprietary
information   of   Saddleback   (collectively,   such    acquired
information,  materials,  and  knowledge  are  the  "Confidential
Information").   EPIC,  itself, and  behalf  of  its  principals,
covenants  to  hold  such  Confidential  Information  in   strict
confidence,  not to disclose it to others or use it in  any  way,
commercially  or  otherwise,  except  in  connection   with   the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and not to allow  any
unauthorized person access to such Confidential Information.

      11.2  The  Confidential Information disclosed by Seller  or
Saddleback  to  EPIC shall remain the property of the  disclosing
party.

      11.3  EPIC,  and principals, shall maintain in secrecy  all
Confidential   Information  disclosed  to  them  by   Seller   or
Saddleback  using not less than reasonable care.  EPIC,  and  its
principals, shall not use or disclose in any manner to any  third
party  any  Confidential Information without the express  written
consent  of  Seller unless or until the Confidential  Information
is:

           (a)   publicly  available or otherwise in  the  public
     domain; or

           (b)   rightfully obtained by any third  party  without
     restriction; or

            (c)    disclosed  by  Seller  or  Saddleback  without
     restriction  pursuant  to  judicial  action,  or  government
     regulations or other requirements.

      11.4 The obligations of EPIC under Sections 11.1, 11.2, and
11.3 of this Agreement shall expire one year from the date hereof
as  to  Confidential  Information consisting  of  commercial  and
financial  information and two years from the date hereof  as  to
Confidential  Information  consisting of  technical  information.
For  this  purpose, technical information shall  include  without
limitation  all  developments, inventions, innovations,  designs,
discoveries,   trade  secrets  and  know-how,  whether   or   not
patentable or copyrightable.


                           SECTION 12

                     TERMINATION AND WAIVER

      12.1  Termination.  This Agreement may  be  terminated  and
abandoned on the Closing Date by:

           (a)   the mutual consent in writing of the  parties hereto;

           (b)   EPIC, if the conditions precedent in Sections  8
     and  10  of this Agreement have not been satisfied or waived
     by the Closing Date; and

           (c)  Seller, if the conditions precedent in Sections 9
     and  10  of this Agreement have not been satisfied or waived
     by the Closing Date.

           If  this  Agreement is terminated pursuant to  Section
     12.1,  the  parties hereto shall not have any further obligations
     under  this  Agreement, and each party shall bear all  costs  and
     expenses incurred by it.


                           SECTION 13

          NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, ETC.

      13.1  All statements contained in any certificate or  other
instrument  delivered by or on behalf of EPIC or Seller  pursuant
to   this  Agreement  or  in  connection  with  the  transactions
contemplated   hereby   shall  be  deemed   representations   and
warranties by such party.  All representations and warranties and
agreements  made by EPIC or Seller in this Agreement or  pursuant
hereto  shall  survive  the  Closing  Date  hereunder  until  the
expiration of the 12th month following the Closing Date.


                           SECTION 14

                         MISCELLANEOUS

      14.1 Notices.  Any notices or other communications required
or permitted hereunder shall be sufficiently given if written and
delivered in person or sent by registered mail, postage  prepaid,
addressed as follows:

          to Seller:               William R. Parker
                                   18952 MacArthur Blvd.,  Suite 300
                                   Irvine, California 92612

          to EPIC:                 EPIC Financial Corporation
                                   Attention: Frank Iannuzzi, President
                                   4695 North Avenue
                                   Oceanside, California 92056

          copy to:                 Bryan Cave LLP
          (which  shall not        Attention:  Randolf W. Katz, Esq.
          constitute notice)       2020 Main Street,  Suite 600
                                   Irvine, California 92614

or  such  other address as shall be furnished in writing  by  the
appropriate person, and any such notice or communication shall be
deemed to have been given as of the date so mailed.

      14.2 Time of the Essence.  Time shall be of the essence  of
this Agreement.

      14.3  Costs.   Each party will bear the costs and  expenses
incurred  by  it  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the
transactions contemplated hereby.

      14.4  Cancellation  of Agreement. In the  event  that  this
Agreement  is canceled by mutual agreement of the parties  or  by
failures  of  any  of  the  conditions  precedent  set  forth  in
Paragraphs 8, 9 and 10, neither Seller nor EPIC shall be entitled
to any damages, fees, costs or other consideration.

      14.5  Entire  Agreement and Amendment.  This Agreement  and
documents  delivered  at the Closing Date hereunder  contain  the
entire  agreement between the parties hereto with respect to  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and  supersedes  all
other  agreements, written or oral, with respect  thereto.   This
Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, and any
rights  hereunder may be waived, only by an agreement in writing,
duly and validly executed in the same manner as this Agreement or
by  the  party  against whom the waiver would be  asserted.   The
waiver  of  any  right  hereunder shall be  effective  only  with
respect to the matter specifically waived and shall not act as  a
continuing waiver unless it so states by its terms.

     14.6 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts each of which shall be deemed to constitute  an
original and shall become effective when one or more counterparts
have  been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other
party.

      14.7  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed  by,
and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the
State of California.

      14.8 Attorneys' Fees and Costs.  In the event any party  to
this Agreement shall be required to initiate legal proceedings to
enforce  performance of any term or condition of this  Agreement,
including, but not limited to, the interpretation of any term  or
provision hereof, the payment of moneys or the enjoining  of  any
action  prohibited  hereunder,  the  prevailing  party  shall  be
entitled  to recover such sums, in addition to any other  damages
or  compensation received, as will reimburse the prevailing party
for  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  court  costs  incurred  on
account thereof (including, without limitation, the costs of  any
appeal)  notwithstanding the nature of  the  claim  or  cause  of
action asserted by the prevailing party.

      14.9 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the  benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and  their
respective    heirs,    executors,   personal    representatives,
successors, and assigns, as the case may be.

     14.10     Access to Counsel.  Each party hereto acknowledges
that  each  has  had access to legal counsel of her  or  its  own
choice  and has obtained such advice therefrom, if any,  as  such
party  has deemed necessary and sufficient prior to the execution
hereof.  Each party hereto acknowledges that the drafting of this
Agreement  has  been  a  joint  effort  and  any  ambiguities  or
interpretative issues that may arise from and after the execution
hereof  shall not be decided in favor or, or against,  any  party
hereto  because  the language reflecting any such ambiguities  or
issues may have been drafted by any specific party or her or  its
counsel.

       14.11      Captions.   The  captions  appearing  in   this
Agreement  are  inserted for convenience of  reference  only  and
shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

                    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]






      IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed  this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.


EPIC FINANCIAL CORPORATION


By:  /s/ Frank Iannuzzi
    --------------------
     Frank Iannuzzi
     President


                "Buyer"


/s/ William R. Parker
------------------------
     WILLIAM R. PARKER

                "Seller"


















                     Purchase Agreement
                             for
                       Acquisition of
            Saddleback Investment Services, Inc.
                             by
                 Epic Financial Corporation




                     SCHEDULE OF ISSUEES
                     -------------------

          William R.Parker                     1,500,000 shares
          John W. Hopkins                        100,000 shares
          Michael A. Cardwell
             and Cynthia K. Cardwell             100,000 shares
          Cheryl Ketner                          300,000 shares
          Danbury Consultants, Inc.              225,000 shares
          NFC Consultants, Inc.                  275,000 shares
          David H. Sun                           500,000 shares




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
