<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>oneline8kex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>RELATED DOCUMENTS
<TEXT>
                            SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

     This Share Exchange  Agreement  ("Agreement")  between  Online  Processing,
Inc.,  a Nevada  corporation  ("ONLINE"),  and the  persons  listed in Exhibit A
hereof (collectively the  "Shareholders"),  being the owners of record of all of
the issued and outstanding stock of Communication Field Services, Inc., a Nevada
corporation ("CFSC"), is entered into as of February 28, 2003.

                                    RECITALS

     A. CFSC is a Nevada corporation.

     B. The Shareholders own all of the issued and outstanding  shares of common
stock of CFSC (the "CFSC Stock").

     C. The Shareholders have agreed to sell to ONLINE, and ONLINE has agreed to
purchase, the CFSC Shares from the Shareholders in exchange for shares of common
stock  of  ONLINE,  pursuant  to the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth in this
Agreement.

     D. CFSC will become a wholly owned subsidiary of ONLINE.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,  warranties,
covenants  and  agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  the parties  agree as
follows:

1. Exchange of Stock.
   ------------------

     (a)  The  Shareholders  agree to transfer to ONLINE,  and ONLINE  agrees to
          purchase from the Shareholders,  all of the Shareholders' right, title
          and interest in their CFSC Stock,  representing 100% of the issued and
          outstanding  stock of CFSC,  free and clear of all  mortgages,  liens,
          pledges, security interests,  restrictions,  encumbrances,  or adverse
          claims of any nature.

     (b)  At the Closing (as defined in Section 2 below),  upon surrender by the
          Shareholders  of the  certificates  evidencing  the  CFSC  Stock  duly
          endorsed  for  transfer  to  ONLINE  or  accompanied  by stock  powers
          executed in blank by the  Shareholders,  ONLINE will cause  10,800,000
          shares (subject to adjustment for  fractionalized  shares as set forth
          below) of the common  voting  stock,  par value  $0.001 of ONLINE (the
          "ONLINE Stock") to be issued to the Shareholders, in full satisfaction
          of any  right or  interest  which  each  Shareholder  held in the CFSC
          Stock.  The ONLINE Stock will be issued to the  Shareholders  on a pro
          rata  basis,  in the  same  proportion  as  the  percentage  of  their
          ownership  interest in the CFSC Stock,  as set forth on Exhibit A. Any
          ---------  fractional  shares  that will  result  due to such pro rata
          distribution will be rounded up to the next highest whole number. As a
          result of the  exchange of the CFSC Stock in  exchange  for the ONLINE
          Stock, CFSC will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of ONLINE.

<PAGE>

          ONLINE intends to change its name to CFS Corporation or a similar name
          available  in Nevada  and the stock  certificates  to be issued to the
          shareholders  may be  issued in the name of ONLINE or such new name as
          may be available.

2. Closing.
   --------

     (a)  The parties to this Agreement will hold a closing (the  "Closing") for
          the  purpose  of  executing  and   exchanging  all  of  the  documents
          contemplated   by  this   Agreement   and   otherwise   effecting  the
          transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. The Closing will be held
          on or after  February 28, 2003, at the offices  CFSC's  counsel at 777
          Third  Avenue,  New York,  NY 10017,  unless  another place or time is
          mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties.  All proceedings to be
          taken and all  documents to be executed  and  exchanged at the Closing
          will  be  deemed  to  have  been   taken,   delivered   and   executed
          simultaneously,  and no proceeding  will be deemed taken nor documents
          deemed executed or delivered until all have been taken,  delivered and
          executed.  If agreed to by the  parties,  the  Closing  may take place
          through the exchange of documents by fax and/or express courier.

     (b)  With the  exception of any stock  certificates  which must be in their
          original form, any copy, fax, e-mail or other reliable reproduction of
          the  writing  or  transmission  required  by  this  Agreement  or  any
          signature  required thereon may be used in lieu of an original writing
          or  transmission  or signature  for any and all purposes for which the
          original could be used,  provided that such copy, fax, e-mail or other
          reproduction is a complete reproduction of the entire original writing
          or transmission or original signature,  and the originals are promptly
          delivered thereafter.

3. Representations and Warranties of ONLINE.
   -----------------------------------------

     ONLINE represents and warrants as follows:

     (a)  ONLINE is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing, and in good
          standing  under  the laws of the State of Nevada  and is  licensed  or
          qualified as a foreign  corporation  in all states in which the nature
          of its business or the character or ownership of its properties  makes
          such licensing or qualification necessary.

     (b)  The  authorized  capital  stock of ONLINE  consists of (i)  25,000,000
          shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 3,613,900
          shares are issued and  outstanding  as of the date of this  Agreement.
          All of the issued and outstanding  shares of ONLINE's common stock are
          fully paid and  nonassessable.  Other than as set forth herein,  there
          are no subscription rights, options, warrants, convertible securities,
          or other rights (contingent or otherwise) presently  outstanding,  for
          the purchase,  acquisition, or sale of the capital stock of Online, or
          any securities  convertible  into or exchangeable for capital stock of
          Online or other securities of Online, from or by Online.

                                        2
<PAGE>


     (c)  ONLINE has no subsidiaries.

     (d)  Execution of this Agreement and  performance  by ONLINE  hereunder has
          been duly authorized by all requisite  corporate action on the part of
          ONLINE, and this Agreement  constitutes a valid and binding obligation
          of ONLINE,  and ONLINE's  performance  hereunder  will not violate any
          provision  of any  charter,  bylaw,  indenture,  mortgage,  lease,  or
          agreement,  or any order, judgment,  decree, or, to ONLINE's knowledge
          any law or  regulation,  to which any property of ONLINE is subject or
          by which ONLINE is bound.

     (e)  The  written  consent of a majority  of  shareholders  to be  provided
          pursuant Section 6(c) herein, satisfies the requirements of NRS 78.378
          to 78.3793,  inclusive,  regarding acquisition of controlling interest
          and as a  result  the  CFS  Shareholders  will  have  full  right  and
          authority  to  vote  the  Online  Stock  upon   consummation   of  the
          transactions contemplated herein.

     (f)  ONLINE  has full  corporate  power and  authority  to enter  into this
          Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder, and will deliver
          at the  Closing  a  certified  copy of  resolutions  of its  board  of
          directors  authorizing execution of this Agreement by its officers and
          performance hereunder.

     (g)  At the Closing ONLINE will have no assets and no liabilities.

     (h)  There are no material  actions,  suits,  judgments,  investigations or
          proceedings of any kind whatsoever outstanding,  pending or threatened
          against  or  affecting  ONLINE at law or in equity or before or by any
          Federal,   State,   Municipal   or  other   governmental   department,
          commission,  board,  bureau or agency of any kind whatsoever and there
          is no basis therefore.

     (i)  ONLINE is not a party to any material  contract.  For purposes of this
          Agreement "material" shall mean any contract,  debt, liability,  claim
          or other obligation valued or otherwise worth $2,000 or more.

     (j)  Other  than  Terri  Wonderly,  ONLINE has no  officers,  directors  or
          employees.

     (k)  No current officer,  director,  affiliate or person known to ONLINE to
          be the  record or  beneficial  owner of in  excess  of 5% of  Online's
          common  stock,  or any person  known to be an  associate of any of the
          foregoing  is a party  adverse  to ONLINE or has a  material  interest
          adverse to ONLINE in any material pending legal proceeding.

                                        3
<PAGE>


     (l)  ONLINE has filed in correct  form all  federal,  state,  and other tax
          returns of every  nature  required  to be filed by it and has paid all
          taxes and all  assessments,  fees and charges which it is obligated to
          pay by federal,  state or other  taxing  authority  to the extent that
          such taxes, assessments,  fees and charges have become due. ONLINE has
          also paid all taxes  which do not  require  the filing of returns  and
          which  are  required  to be  paid  by  it.  To  the  extent  that  tax
          liabilities have accrued, but have not become payable,  they have been
          adequately reflected as liabilities on the books of ONLINE.

     (m)  ONLINE is a publicly  reporting  company  pursuant to Section 15(d) of
          the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act") and is in
          compliance with all reporting  requirements of the Act.  ONLINE's Form
          10-KSB for the period ending December 31, 2002, and any other periodic
          filings made by ONLINE as filed with the SEC,  including all exhibits,
          documents  and  attachments  thereto,  are  true  and  correct  in all
          material  respects  and do  not  contain  any  untrue  statement  of a
          material  fact or omit to state a material  fact required to be stated
          therein or  necessary  to make any  statement  therein not  materially
          misleading.

     (n)  ONLINE's common stock currently trades on the over-the-counter  market
          bulletin board market  commonly  referred to as the "OTCBB." ONLINE is
          not  aware  of any  fact or  circumstance  that  would  jeopardize  or
          otherwise  impair the  ability of  ONLINE's  common  stock to continue
          trading  on  the  OTCBB   presently  or  after   consummation  of  the
          transactions contemplated herein.

     (o)  ONLINE  has  had  the   opportunity   to  perform  all  due  diligence
          investigations  of CFSC  and its  business  and  operations  as it has
          deemed  necessary or appropriate  and to ask questions of the officers
          and directors of CFSC and has received  satisfactory answers to all of
          its questions.  ONLINE has had access to all documents and information
          about  CFSC and has  reviewed  sufficient  information  to allow it to
          evaluate the merits and risks of the transactions contemplated by this
          Agreement.

     (p)  ONLINE is acquiring the CFSC shares to be transferred to it under this
          Agreement  for  investment  and  not  with  a  view  to  the  sale  or
          distribution thereof.


4. Representations and Warranties of the Shareholders.
   ---------------------------------------------------

     The Shareholders, jointly and severally, represent and warrant as follows:

     (a)  CFSC is a corporation duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in good
          standing  under the laws of Nevada and is licensed or  qualified  as a
          foreign  corporation in all places in which the nature of its business
          or the character or ownership of its  properties  makes such licensing
          or qualification necessary.

                                        4
<PAGE>


     (c)  There are no  agreements  purporting  to restrict  the transfer of the
          CFSC  Stock,  nor  any  voting  agreements,  voting  trusts  or  other
          arrangements  restricting  or affecting  the voting of the CFSC Stock.
          The CFSC Stock held by the  Shareholders  are duly and validly issued,
          fully paid and non-assessable,  and issued in full compliance with all
          federal,  state, and local laws,  rules and regulations.  There are no
          subscription rights, options,  warrants,  convertible  securities,  or
          other rights (contingent or otherwise) presently outstanding,  for the
          purchase,  acquisition,  or sale of the capital  stock of CFSC, or any
          securities  convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock of CFSC
          or other securities of CFSC, from or by CFSC.

     (d)  The  Shareholders  have  full  right,  power  and  authority  to sell,
          transfer  and  deliver  the  CFSC  Stock,  and  upon  delivery  of the
          certificates   therefore  as  contemplated  in  this  Agreement,   the
          Shareholders will transfer to ONLINE valid and marketable title to the
          CFSC Stock,  including  all voting and other rights to the CFSC Stock,
          free and clear of all  pledges,  liens,  security  interests,  adverse
          claims,  options,  rights of any third party,  or other  encumbrances.
          Each of the Shareholders  owns and holds that the number or percentage
          of CFSC  Stock,  which are listed  opposite  their  names on Exhibit A
          attached hereto.

     (d)  There is no litigation or proceeding  pending, or to any Shareholder's
          knowledge,  threatened,  against  or  relating  to CFSC or to the CFSC
          Shares.

     (e)  CFSC  has  filed  in  correct  form all tax  returns  of every  nature
          required  to be filed  by it and has  paid all  taxes as shown on such
          returns and all  assessments,  fees and charges  received by it to the
          extent that such taxes, assessments, fees and charges have become due.
          CFSC has also  paid all  taxes  which do not  require  the  filing  of
          returns  and which are  required  to be paid by it. To the extent that
          tax liabilities have accrued,  but have not become payable,  they have
          been adequately reflected as liabilities on the books of CFSC.

     (f)  The financial  statements  that have been provided to ONLINE have been
          prepared consistent with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
          (" U.S.  GAAP") and fairly present the assets and  liabilities of CFSC
          as of the date of such financial statements.

     (g)  The current  residence address or principal place of business (for any
          non-individual  shareholder) of the CFSC  Shareholders is as listed on
          Exhibit A attached hereto.

                                        5
<PAGE>


     (h)  The CFSC  Shareholders  have had the  opportunity  to perform  all due
          diligence  investigations  of  ONLINE  and its  business  as they have
          deemed  necessary  or  appropriate  and to ask  questions  of ONLINE's
          officers and directors and have received  satisfactory  answers to all
          of their questions.  The Shareholders have had access to all documents
          and information about ONLINE and have reviewed sufficient  information
          to allow them to evaluate the merits and risks of the  acquisition  of
          the ONLINE Stock.

     (i)  The  Shareholders are acquiring the ONLINE Stock for their own account
          (and not for the account of others) for investment and not with a view
          to the  distribution  therefor.  The  Shareholders  will  not  sell or
          otherwise dispose of the ONLINE Stock without  registration  under the
          Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom, and the
          certificate or certificates representing the ONLINE Stock will contain
          a legend to the foregoing effect.

     (j)  The  representations  and warranties of the Shareholders shall be true
          and correct as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date.

5. Conduct Prior to the Closing.
   -----------------------------

     ONLINE  and  the  Shareholders  covenant  that  between  the  date  of this
Agreement and the Closing as to each of them:

     (a)  No change will be made in the  charter  documents,  by-laws,  or other
          corporate documents of ONLINE or CFSC.

     (b)  ONLINE  and CFSC  will  each  use its best  efforts  to  maintain  and
          preserve  its  business  organization,   employee  relationships,  and
          goodwill  intact,  and  neither  ONLINE  or CFSC will  enter  into any
          material commitment except in the ordinary course of business.

     (c)  None of the Shareholders  will sell,  transfer,  assign,  hypothecate,
          lien, or otherwise dispose or encumber the CFSC Stock owned by them.

6.  Conditions to Obligations of Shareholders.
    ------------------------------------------

     The  Shareholder's  obligation  to complete the  transactions  contemplated
herein is  subject  to  fulfillment  on or  before  the  Closing  of each of the
following   conditions,   unless  waived  in  writing  by  the  Shareholders  as
appropriate:

     (a)  The  representations and warranties of ONLINE set forth herein will be
          true and  correct  the  Closing as though made at and as of that date,
          except as affected by transactions contemplated hereby.

                                        6
<PAGE>


     (b)  ONLINE will have performed all covenants required by this Agreement to
          be performed by it on or before the Closing.

     (c)  This  Agreement  will have been  approved by the Board of Directors of
          ONLINE  and at least a  majority  of the  Shareholders  of  ONLINE  by
          written consent or otherwise.

     (d)  ONLINE will have delivered to the Shareholders the documents set forth
          below in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the
          Shareholders, to the effect that:

          (i)  ONLINE is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing, and in
               good standing;

          (ii) ONLINE's authorized capital stock is as set forth herein;

          (iii)Certified  copies of the  resolutions  of the Board of  Directors
               and  Shareholders  of ONLINE  authorizing  the  execution of this
               Agreement and the consummation hereof;

          (iv) An opinion of T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C., counsel to ONLINE,
               (A) that the company has had legitimate operations since the date
               of inception and, as a result,  Online's  restricted common stock
               shall be eligible for sale in accordance  with the  provisions of
               Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
               and (B) that the written consent of a majority of shareholders to
               be  provided   pursuant   Section  6(c)  herein,   satisfies  the
               requirements  of NRS  78.378  to  78.3793,  inclusive,  regarding
               acquisition  of  controlling  interest  and as a  result  the CFS
               Shareholders  will have  full  right  and  authority  to vote the
               Online Stock upon  consummation of the transactions  contemplated
               herein; and

          (v)  Any further document as may be reasonably requested by counsel to
               the   Shareholders   in   order  to   substantiate   any  of  the
               representations or warranties of ONLINE set forth herein.

     (e)  Terri Wonderly  shall have canceled back 2,000,000  shares of ONLINE's
          common stock that she currently owns at or prior to Closing.

     (f)  Terri Wonderly shall have entered into the option agreements set forth
          as Exhibit B & C (the "Option  Agreements"),  respectively  with those
          persons listed on Exhibit D (the "Optionees").

     (g)  There will have occurred no material  adverse  change in the business,
          operations or prospects of ONLINE.

                                        7
<PAGE>


7. Conditions to Obligations of ONLINE.
   ------------------------------------

     ONLINE's obligation to complete the transaction contemplated herein will be
subject  to  fulfillment  on or  before  the  Closing  of each of the  following
conditions, unless waived in writing by the ONLINE, as appropriate:

     (a)  The  representations  and  warranties  of the  Shareholders  set forth
          herein  will be true and  correct at the Closing as though made at and
          as of that  date,  except as  affected  by  transactions  contemplated
          hereby.

     (b)  The  Shareholders  will have performed all covenants  required by this
          Agreement to be performed by them on or before the Closing.

     (c)  The Shareholders will have delivered to ONLINE the documents set forth
          below in form and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to counsel for
          ONLINE, to the effect that:

          (i)  CFSC is a corporation duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in
               good standing;

          (ii) CFSC's authorized  capital stock is owned as set forth herein and
               Exhiibit A hereto; and

          (iii)Any further  document as may be  reasonably  requested by counsel
               to  the   Shareholders  in  order  to  substantiate  any  of  the
               representations or warranties of CFSC set forth herein.

     (d)  Terri Wonderly shall have entered into the option agreements set forth
          as Exhibit B & C (the "Option  Agreements"),  respectively  with those
          persons listed on Exhibit D (the "Optionees").

     (e)  The  Shareholders  shall have  deposited  10,800,000  of ONLINE  Stock
          issued  pursuant  to this  Agreement  with  Law  Offices  of  Louis E.
          Taubman,  as the  escrow  agent,  pursuant  to the  terms of the Stock
          Pledge  and  Escrow   Agreements   set  forth  in   Exhibits  E  &  F,
          respectively,  until such time as the Optionees  have complied in full
          with the terms of the Option Agreements.

     (f)  190,000  shares   ONLINE's  common  stock  shall  be  issued  to  Lynn
          Management, LLC.

     (g)  CFSC shall have engaged an auditor reasonably acceptable to ONLINE and
          such  auditor  shall  have  commenced  its audit of  CFSC's  financial
          statements.

     (h)  There will have occurred no material  adverse  change in the business,
          operations or prospects of CFSC.

                                        8
<PAGE>


8. Additional Covenants.
   ---------------------

     (a)  Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing,  the Shareholders,
          with respect to CFSC,  and ONLINE,  with respect to itself,  will, and
          will cause their respective  representatives  to, (i) afford the other
          party and its representatives  access to their personnel,  properties,
          contracts,  books and  records,  and  other  documents  and  data,  as
          reasonably  requested by the other party; (ii) furnish the other party
          and its representatives  with copies of all such contracts,  books and
          records,  and  other  existing  documents  and data as the  other  may
          reasonably request in connection with the transaction  contemplated by
          this   Agreement;   and  (iii)   furnish   the  other  party  and  its
          representatives with such additional financial,  operating,  and other
          data  and  information  as  the  other  may  reasonably  request.  The
          Shareholders   will  cause  CFSC  to,  and  ONLINE  will  provide  the
          Shareholders, with complete copies of all material contracts and other
          relevant  information  on a timely  basis  in order to keep the  other
          party fully  informed of the status of their  respective  business and
          operations.

     (b)  ONLINE will deliver  ONLINE's  corporate books and records,  including
          all records relating to ONLINE's audited financial statements,  to the
          CFSC Shareholders at Closing.

     (c)  The parties agree that they will not make, and the  Shareholders  will
          not permit  CFSC to make,  any public  announcements  relating to this
          Agreement or the  transactions  contemplated  herein without the prior
          written consent of the other party, except as may be required upon the
          written advice of counsel to comply with applicable laws or regulatory
          requirements  after consulting with the other party hereto and seeking
          their consent to such announcement.

     (d)  ONLINE  and the  Shareholders  will  cooperate  with each other in the
          preparation  of a Form 8-K to be filed  with  the SEC  describing  the
          transaction contemplated by this Agreement and such other items as are
          required by the SEC rules and regulations.

     (e)  Each of the  ONLINE  officers  and  directors  will  deliver a written
          statement to ONLINE resigning from all officer and director  positions
          held by them at ONLINE.

     (f)  ONLINE will not issue any shares pursuant to Form S-8 until the Option
          Agreements  referred to in paragraph 7(d) have been exercised and paid
          in full or have  otherwise  terminated in accordance  with their terms
          and ONLINE has completed its first acquisition is completed.

                                        9
<PAGE>


9. Termination.
   ------------

     This Agreement may be terminated  (1) by mutual consent in writing;  (2) by
either the Shareholders or ONLINE if there has been a material misrepresentation
or  material  breach of any  warranty or covenant by any other party that is not
cured by March  31,  2003;  or (3) by any of the  Shareholders  or ONLINE if the
Closing has not taken place by March 31, 2003,  unless adjourned to a later date
by mutual consent in writing.

10. Expenses.
   ----------

     Whether or not the Closing is consummated, each of the parties will pay all
of his, her, or its own legal and accounting fees and other expenses incurred in
the  preparation  of  this  Agreement  and  the  performance  of the  terms  and
provisions of this Agreement.

11. Survival of Representations and Warranties.
   --------------------------------------------

     The  representations  and warranties of the Shareholders and ONLINE set out
in this Agreement will survive Closing for a period twelve months.

12. Waiver.
    -------

     Any  failure on the part of either  party  hereto to comply with any of its
obligations, agreements, or conditions hereunder may be waived in writing by the
party to whom such compliance is owed.

13. Brokers.
    --------

     Each party agrees to indemnify  and hold  harmless the other party  against
any fee, loss, or expense  arising out of claims by brokers or finders  employed
or alleged to have been employed by the indemnifying party.

13. Notices.
    --------

     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to ONLINE, to:

Online Processing, Inc.
750 E. Interstate 30
Suite 100
Rockwell, TX 75087

If to the Shareholders, to:
the addresses set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
                           ---------

                                       10
<PAGE>


14. General Provisions.
    -------------------

     (a)  This  Agreement will be governed by and under the laws of the State of
          New York, USA without giving effect to conflicts of law principles. If
          any provision hereof is found invalid or unenforceable, that part will
          be amended to achieve  as nearly as  possible  the same  effect as the
          original  provision and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in
          full force and effect.

     (b)  The  parties  hereto  expressly  agree  that this  Agreement  shall be
          governed  by,   interpreted  under,  and  construed  and  enforced  in
          accordance of the laws of the State of Nevada.  The parties agree that
          any dispute  arising  under or with respect to or in  connection  with
          this  Agreement,  whether  during the term of this Agreement or at any
          subsequent  time,  shall be resolved fully and  exclusively by binding
          arbitration in accordance  with the commercial  rules then in force of
          the American Arbitration Association with the proceedings taking place
          in Dallas, Texas before a panel of three (3) arbitrators, each with at
          least 10 years experience in the securities industry.  The arbitrators
          shall not alter the terms of this Agreement or any related agreement.

     (c)  In any adverse action, the parties will restrict  themselves to claims
          for compensatory  damages and/or securities issued or to be issued and
          no claims  will be made by any party or  affiliate  for lost  profits,
          punitive or multiple damages.

     (d)  This   Agreement   constitutes   the   entire   agreement   and  final
          understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
          and  supersedes  and  terminates  all  prior  and/or   contemporaneous
          understandings and/or discussions between the parties, whether written
          or verbal,  express or  implied,  relating  in any way to the  subject
          matter hereof. This agreement may not be altered, amended, modified or
          otherwise changed in any way except by a written agreement,  signed by
          both parties.

     (e)  This  Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the
          parties hereto and their  successors and assigns;  provided,  however,
          that any assignment by either party of its rights under this Agreement
          without the written consent of the other party will be void.

     (f)  The  parties  agree to take any  further  actions  and to execute  any
          further  documents  which  may  from  time  to time  be  necessary  or
          appropriate to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

     (g)  The headings of the Sections,  paragraphs  and  subparagraphs  of this
          Agreement are solely for  convenience  of reference and will not limit
          or otherwise  affect the meaning of any of the terms or  provisions of
          this Agreement.  The references in this Agreement to Sections,  unless
          otherwise indicated, are references to sections of this Agreement.

                                       11
<PAGE>


     (h)  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each one of which will
          constitute an original and all of which taken together will constitute
          one document.  This  Agreement may be executed by delivery of a signed
          signature  page  by fax to the  other  parties  hereto  and  such  fax
          execution and delivery will be valid in all respects.

                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS

                                       12
<PAGE>



EXECUTED:

ONLINE PROCESSING, INC.


By: /s/ Terri Wonderly
   ---------------------------------
         Terri Wonderly, President



THE SHAREHOLDERS OF COMMUNICATION FIELD SERVICES, INC.:



/s/ Roger Henely
------------------------------------
         Roger Henely


/s/ Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.
------------------------------------
         Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.


/s/ William R. Shroyer
------------------------------------
         William R. Shroyer


/s/ Thomas A. Brewer
------------------------------------
         Thomas A. Brewer


/s/ Richard R. Holm
------------------------------------
         Richard R. Holm



Partners Resources, LLC


By:
   ---------------------------------



/s/ Peter Bowthorpe
------------------------------------
         Peter Bowthorpe

                                       13
<PAGE>


/s/ Joel A. Shapiro
------------------------------------
         Joel A. Shapiro


/s/ Patrick Shane
------------------------------------
         Patrick Shane


/s/ Barry Alexander
------------------------------------
         Barry Alexander



/s/ Mitchell J. Weiner
------------------------------------
         Mitchell J. Weiner


/s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
------------------------------------
         Richard H. Rosenblum


                                       14
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------


Shareholder                        CFS Shares held    Online Shares to be issued
-----------                        ---------------    --------------------------

Roger Henely                              20,300                   3,260,000
530 Abenida Victoria #F
San Clemente, CA 92672

Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.                       504                      81,000
P.O. Box  164
Kenwood, CA  95452

William R. Shroyer                           504                      81,000
1469 Golf Course Drive
Windsor, CA 94952

Thomas A. Brewer                             504                      81,000
2320 Gads Hill Street
Santa Rosa, CA 95401

Richard R. Holm                              504                      81,000
208 Chicago Avenue North
Wayzata, MN 55391

Partners Resources LLC                     2,030                     326,000
5973 Avenida Encinas, Suite 316
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Peter Bowthorpe                           12,993                   2,086,000
6 The Homestead
Sea Road, East Preston,
Little Hampton
West Sussex BN1616W, United Kingdom

Joel A. Shapiro                           10,815                   1,736,000
65 Shrewsbury Road
Livingston, NJ 07039

Patrick Shane                              10,815                  1,736,000
601 Lake Avenue
Altamonte Springs, FL 32701

                                       15
<PAGE>


Barry Alaxander                            2,604                     418,000
33948 N. 81ST STREET
SCOTTSDSALE, AZ. 85262

Mitchell J. Weiner                         3,864                     620,000
2005 Ocean Walk Terrace
Townhouse 310
Lauderdale by the Sea, FL 33062

Richard H. Rosenblum                       1,831                     294,000
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510

                                       16
<PAGE>

                                OPTION AGREEMENT

     This option agreement (the  "Agreement")  dated as of February 28, 2003, is
entered into by and between Terri Wonderly (the  "Optionor") and Barry Alexander
(the "Option Holder").

                                    Recitals
                                    --------

     A. Optionor is the owner of 205,000 shares of Online Processing,  Inc. (the
"Company's") common stock, par value $.001 (the "Shares") originally acquired on
March 28, 2002.

     B.  Optionor  desires to grant  Option  Holder the option to buy the Shares
from the Optionor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     Now therefore,  in consideration of the premise and the mutual promises and
covenants  contained herein and subject  specifically to the conditions  hereof,
and intending to be legally bound thereby, the parties agree as follows:

     1. Grant of Option.
     -------------------
     Optionor  hereby  grants  to  the  Option  Holder,  the  right  and  option
(hereinafter  called the "Option"),  to require Optionor to sell all or any part
of an aggregate  of 205,000  Shares of the  Company's  common stock (such number
being  subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph 6 hereof) on the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

     2. Purchase Price.
     ------------------
     The purchase  price of the shares of the Shares covered by the Option shall
be $.61 per share  (such  price  being  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  in
paragraph 6 hereof).

     3. Term of Option.
     ------------------
     The term of this Option shall be two (2) years from the date of this grant.


     4. Vesting.
     -----------
     The Options shall vest and become  exercisable in full on the date which is
120 days from the date of this Agreement.

     5. Payment.
     -----------
     The purchase  price of the Shares as to which the Option shall be exercised
shall be paid in full by check,  money order or wire transfer,  at the option of
the Option  Holder,  to the address set forth in Section 8 and all such payments
shall be made payable to:

                  T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
                  Attorney IOLTA Account F/B/O
                  Terri Wonderly
                  Compass Bank
                  Arlington, TX
                  ABA No. 113010547
                  Account No. 70364360
<PAGE>


     6. Changes in Capital Structure.
     --------------------------------
     If all or any portion of the Option  shall be exercised  subsequent  to any
stock dividend,  stock  split-up,  recapitalization,  reclassification,  merger,
consolidation, combination or exchange of shares, separation, reorganization, or
liquidation  occurring after the date hereof, as a result of which shares of the
Company's  common stock shall be changed into the same or a different  number of
shares of the same or another class or classes of stock,  the price per share to
paid by the Option  Holder to Optionor  upon  exercise  of the Option,  shall be
appropriately adjusted so as to account for such change in the Company's capital
structure.  In no event  shall the Option  Holder be  required  to pay more than
$125,050 in the aggregate for the Shares, as adjusted, or shall Optionor be paid
less than $125,050 upon exercise of the full Option granted herein.

     7. Method of Exercising Option.
     -------------------------------
     Subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this  Option,  the  Option may be
exercised by written notice to Optionor  presented any time prior to termination
of this Option to the address set forth in Section 8. The exercise  date will be
the date of the written notice of exercise. Such notice shall state the election
to exercise  the Option and the number of Shares in respect of which it is being
exercised and shall be signed by the person or persons so exercising the Option.

     8. Notices.
     -----------
     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to Optionor, to:


Terri Wonderly
C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

If to the Option Holder to:

Barry Alexander
33948 N. 81st Street
Scottsdale, AZ 85262

<PAGE>


with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

     9. Disclaimer.
     --------------
     Optionor will not advise Option Holder as to the tax consequences resulting
from the execution of the designated options. It is solely the responsibility of
the Option  Holder to  consult  with the Option  Holder's  tax and/or  financial
advisors  regarding any financial or tax liabilities  that may result due to the
execution of the designated Options.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Optionor has executed this Option as of the date first
set forth above.

                                                     OPTIONOR

                                                     /s/ Terri Wonderly
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     Terri Wonderly



<PAGE>


                                OPTION AGREEMENT

     This option agreement (the  "Agreement")  dated as of February 28, 2003, is
entered  into  by and  between  Terri  Wonderly  (the  "Optionor")  and  Richard
Rosenblum (the "Option Holder").

                                    Recitals
                                    --------

     A. Optionor is the owner of 205,000 shares of Online Processing,  Inc. (the
"Company's") common stock, par value $.001 (the "Shares") originally acquired on
March 28, 2002.

     B.  Optionor  desires to grant  Option  Holder the option to buy the Shares
from the Optionor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     Now therefore,  in consideration of the premise and the mutual promises and
covenants  contained herein and subject  specifically to the conditions  hereof,
and intending to be legally bound thereby, the parties agree as follows:

     1. Grant of Option.
     -------------------
     Optionor  hereby  grants  to  the  Option  Holder,  the  right  and  option
(hereinafter  called the "Option"),  to require Optionor to sell all or any part
of an aggregate  of 205,000  Shares of the  Company's  common stock (such number
being  subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph 6 hereof) on the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

     2. Purchase Price.
     ------------------
     The purchase  price of the shares of the Shares covered by the Option shall
be $.61 per share  (such  price  being  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  in
paragraph 6 hereof).

     3. Term of Option.
     ------------------
     The term of this Option shall be two (2) years from the date of this grant.

     4. Vesting.
     -----------
     The Options shall vest and become  exercisable in full on the date which is
120 days from the date of this Agreement.

     5. Payment.
     -----------
     The purchase  price of the Shares as to which the Option shall be exercised
shall be paid in full by check,  money order or wire transfer,  at the option of
the Option  Holder,  to the address set forth in Section 8 and all such payments
shall be made payable to:

                  T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
                  Attorney IOLTA Account F/B/O
                  Terri Wonderly
                  Compass Bank
                  Arlington, TX
                  ABA No. 113010547
                  Account No. 70364360

<PAGE>


     6. Changes in Capital Structure.
     --------------------------------
     If all or any portion of the Option  shall be exercised  subsequent  to any
stock dividend,  stock  split-up,  recapitalization,  reclassification,  merger,
consolidation, combination or exchange of shares, separation, reorganization, or
liquidation  occurring after the date hereof, as a result of which shares of the
Company's  common stock shall be changed into the same or a different  number of
shares of the same or another class or classes of stock,  the price per share to
paid by the Option  Holder to Optionor  upon  exercise  of the Option,  shall be
appropriately adjusted so as to account for such change in the Company's capital
structure.  In no event  shall the Option  Holder be  required  to pay more than
$125,050 in the aggregate for the Shares, as adjusted, or shall Optionor be paid
less than $125,050 upon exercise of the full Option granted herein.

     7. Method of Exercising Option.
     -------------------------------
     Subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this  Option,  the  Option may be
exercised by written notice to Optionor  presented any time prior to termination
of this Option to the address set forth in Section 8. The exercise  date will be
the date of the written notice of exercise. Such notice shall state the election
to exercise  the Option and the number of Shares in respect of which it is being
exercised and shall be signed by the person or persons so exercising the Option.

     8. Notices.
     -----------
     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to Optionor, to:


Terri Wonderly
C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

If to the Option Holder to:

Richard Rosenblum
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510

                                        2
<PAGE>


with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

     9. Disclaimer.
     --------------
     Optionor will not advise Option Holder as to the tax consequences resulting
from the execution of the designated options. It is solely the responsibility of
the Option  Holder to  consult  with the Option  Holder's  tax and/or  financial
advisors  regarding any financial or tax liabilities  that may result due to the
execution of the designated Options.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Optionor has executed this Option as of the date first
set forth above.

                                                     OPTIONOR

                                                     /s/ Terri Wonderly
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     Terri Wonderly

                                        3
<PAGE>


                             STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT
                             ----------------------


     STOCK PLEDGE  AGREEMENT  dated as of February 28, 2003, made by and between
those  certain  parties  set forth on Schedule A hereto  (each a  "Pledgor"  and
collectively  the "Pledgors")  and Terri Wonderly (the "Secured  Party") and Law
Offices  of Louis E.  Taubman,  P.C.  (the  "Agent"),  as agent for the  Secured
Parties.

     PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

     I. The Pledgors own 10,800,000 shares of the common stock,  $.001 par value
(the "Pledged  Securities"),  of Online  Processing,  Inc., a Nevada corporation
("Online").

     II. It is a  condition  precedent  to Online  closing  that  certain  Share
Exchange Agreement dated February 28, 2003, to purchase to all of the issued and
outstanding  shares of  Communication  Field  Services,  Inc.  ("CFSC"),  by and
between  Online and the Pledgors  that the  Pledgors  shall have made the pledge
contemplated by this Agreement.

     III.  Contemporaneously  with the execution of this Agreement,  the parties
hereto shall also execute an Escrow Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,  warranties,
covenants  and  agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  the parties  agree as
follows:

     SECTION A. Pledge.
     ------------------
     The Pledgors hereby pledge to the Agent,  and grant to the Agent a security
interest in, the following (the "Pledged Collateral"):

     1.   the Pledged  Securities and the certificates  representing the Pledged
          Securities,  and all dividends,  cash,  instruments and other property
          from time to time  received,  receivable or otherwise  distributed  in
          respect of or in exchange  for any or all of the  Pledged  Securities;
          and

     2.   all  proceeds  of any  and  all of the  foregoing  Pledged  Collateral
          (including,  without limitation,  proceeds that constitute property of
          the types described above).

     SECTION B. Security for Obligations.
     ------------------------------------
     This  Agreement  secures the payment of all  obligations of Pledgors now or
hereafter  existing under those certain option  agreements  between the Pledgors
and the Secured Party (the  "Options"),  copies of which are attached  hereto as
Exhibits A & B, respectively.

     SECTION C. Delivery of Pledged Collateral.
     ------------------------------------------
     All  certificates  or  instruments  representing  or evidencing the Pledged
Collateral  shall be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Agent pursuant
hereto and shall be in  suitable  form for  transfer  by  delivery,  or shall be
accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all
in form and substance  satisfactory to the Agent. Upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Agent shall have

<PAGE>


the duty,  at any time at the direction of a majority in interest of the Secured
Parties on ten (10)  business  days notice to the Pledgor,  to transfer to or to
register in the name of the Agent or any of its nominees, or in the name of each
of the Secured  Parties on a pro rata basis based on each Secured Party's amount
subscribed  for compared to the total amount  subscribed  for, any or all of the
Pledged  Collateral as provided  herein,  subject only to the  revocable  rights
specified in Section  F(a).  In addition,  the Agent shall have the right at any
such time to exchange  certificates  or instruments  representing  or evidencing
Pledged  Collateral  for  certificates  or  instruments  of  smaller  or  larger
denominations.

     SECTION D. Representations and Warranties.
     ------------------------------------------
     The Pledgors, jointly and severally, represent and warrant as follows:

     1.   The Pledgors are the owners of the Pledged  Collateral  free and clear
          of any lien, security interest,  option or other charge or encumbrance
          except for the security interest created by this Agreement.

     2.   The  pledge  of the  Pledged  Collateral  pursuant  to this  Agreement
          creates a valid and perfected first priority  security interest in the
          Pledged Collateral, securing the exercise and payment of the Options.

     SECTION E. Further Assurances.
     ------------------------------
     The Pledgors agree that at any time and from time to time the Pledgors will
promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all
further  action,  that may be  necessary  or  desirable,  or that the  Agent may
reasonably  request,  in order to perfect  and  protect  any  security  interest
granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Agent to exercise and
enforce  its  rights  and  remedies   hereunder  with  respect  to  any  Pledged
Collateral.  Such acts by Pledgors shall be at Pledgor's expense until such time
as the Options have been  exercised and paid in full and at the Secured  Party's
expense once the Options have been exercised and paid in full,  except for those
expenses that accrued prior to such exercise and payment in full.

     SECTION F. Voting Rights; Dividends; Etc.
     -----------------------------------------
     1.   So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

          (a)  The  Pledgors  shall be  entitled  to  exercise  or refrain  from
               exercising  any  and  all  voting  and  other  consensual  rights
               pertaining to the Pledged  Collateral or any part thereof for any
               purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.

          (b)  The Pledgors  shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all
               dividends  and  distributions  paid  in  respect  of the  Pledged
               Collateral,  provided,  however,  that any and all (i)  dividends
               paid or payable other than in cash in respect of, and instruments
               and other property received,  receivable or otherwise distributed
               in respect of, or in exchange for, Pledged  Collateral,  and (ii)
               dividends  and other  distributions  paid or  payable  in cash in
               respect of any Pledged Collateral in connection with a partial or
               total  liquidation  or  dissolution,   shall  be,  and  shall  be
               forthwith  delivered to the Agent to hold as, Pledged  Collateral
               and shall, if received by the Pledgors,  be received in trust for
               the benefit of the Agent,  be segregated  from the other property
               or funds of the Pledgors, and be forthwith delivered to the Agent
               as Pledged  Collateral in the same form as so received  (with any
               necessary endorsement or assignment).

                                       -2-
<PAGE>


          (c)  The Agent shall  execute and deliver (or cause to be executed and
               delivered)  to the Pledgors  upon demand and without  undue delay
               all such  proxies  and  other  instruments  as the  Pledgors  may
               reasonably  request for the purpose of enabling  the  Pledgors to
               exercise  the voting and other  rights  which it is  entitled  to
               exercise  pursuant  to  paragraph  (i) above and to  receive  the
               dividends  which it is authorized to receive and retain  pursuant
               to paragraph (ii) above.

     2.   Upon the occurrence and during the  continuance of an Event of Default
          or an event which,  with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, or
          both, would become an Event of Default:

          (a)  All rights of the Pledgors to exercise or refrain from exercising
               the voting and other consensual rights which they would otherwise
               be  entitled  to  exercise  pursuant  to Section  F(1)(a)  and to
               receive the  dividends  payments  which they would  otherwise  be
               authorized  to receive  and retain  pursuant  to Section  F(1)(b)
               shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in
               the Agent who shall  thereupon have the sole right to exercise or
               refrain from exercising such voting and other  consensual  rights
               at the  direction of the Secured Party and to receive and hold as
               Pledged Collateral such dividends.

          (b)  All dividends which are received by the Pledgors  contrary to the
               provisions  of  paragraph  (a) of  this  Section  F(2)  shall  be
               received  in  trust  for  the  benefit  of the  Agent,  shall  be
               segregated  from  other  funds  of  the  Pledgors  and  shall  be
               forthwith  paid over to the Agent as  Pledged  Collateral  in the
               same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement).

     3.   As used herein, "Event of Default" shall mean the following:

          (a)  Any  failure on the part of Online or the  Pledgors  to honor the
               terms of the Options.

          (b)  The issuance of any shares of the Online's  capital  stock,  in a
               single  transaction or group of transactions that would cause the
               Pledged  Securities  to be  less  than  51%  of  the  issued  and
               outstanding  stock of ONLINE,  without the written consent of the
               Secured  Party.  The terms of this  paragraph  3(b) shall include
               securities  convertible  into shares of Online's capital stock as
               well.

     SECTION G. Transfers and Other Liens.
     -------------------------------------
     The Pledgors  agrees that they will not (i) sell,  assign (by  operation of
law or otherwise) or otherwise  dispose of, or grant any option with respect to,
any of the  Pledged  Collateral,  or (ii)  create  or  permit to exist any lien,
security interest, option or other charge or encumbrance upon or with respect to
any of the  Pledged  Collateral,  except for the  security  interest  under this
Agreement.

                                       -3-
<PAGE>


     SECTION H. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact.
     --------------------------------------------
     The Pledgors hereby appoint the Agent the Pledgors' attorney-in-fact,  with
full  authority  in the place and stead of the  Pledgors  and in the name of the
Pledgors or otherwise,  from time to time in the Agent's  discretion to take any
action and to  execute  any  instrument  which the Agent may deem  necessary  or
advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of
the  Pledgors  under  Section F),  including,  without  limitation,  to receive,
indorse and collect all  instruments  made payable to the Pledgors  representing
any dividend or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same.

     SECTION I. Agent May Perform.
     -----------------------------
     If the Pledgors fail to perform any agreement  contained herein,  the Agent
may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of
the Agent  incurred in  connection  therewith  shall be payable by the  Pledgors
under Section L.

     SECTION J. The Agent's Duties.
     ------------------------------
     1. The powers  conferred on the Agent  hereunder  are solely to protect the
Secured Party's interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall not impose any duty
upon it to exercise  any such powers,  except upon the  direction of the Secured
Party.  Except for the safe custody of any Pledged  Collateral in its possession
and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Agent shall
have no duty as to any Pledged  Collateral,  as to ascertaining or taking action
with  respect to calls,  conversions,  exchanges,  maturities,  tenders or other
matters relative to any Pledged  Collateral,  whether or not the Agent has or is
deemed to have  knowledge of such matters,  or as to the taking of any necessary
steps to preserve  rights against any parties or any other rights  pertaining to
any Pledged Collateral.  The Agent shall be deemed to have exercised  reasonable
care in the custody and preservation of any Pledged Collateral in its possession
if such Pledged  Collateral is accorded  treatment  substantially  equal to that
which the Agent accords its own property.

     2. Each Pledgor and the Secured Party hereby, jointly and severally,  agree
to indemnify and defend the Agent and to hold the Agent  harmless from any loss,
liability  or expense  incurred  by the Agent  without  willful  malfeasance  or
nonfeasance  or bad faith on its part arising out of or in  connection  with the
acceptance or administration  by the Agent of its duties  hereunder,  including,
but not limited to, the reasonable  fees, costs and expenses of defending itself
against claims of liability hereunder. Anything in the foregoing to the contrary
notwithstanding, in the event of a dispute between the parties or between either
or both of the parties and the agent or in the event of the agent's  resignation
if no successor agent has been appointed within 30 days following written notice
to the parties by the Agent of such  resignation,  at the sole discretion of the
Agent,  the Agent may at any time  deposit any or all of the Pledged  Collateral
with a federal or state court  located in New York County,  New York selected by
the Agent and in such event (x) all  liability and  responsibility  of the Agent
shall  terminate  upon such deposit having been made, and (y) after such deposit
is made, and absent willful  malfeasance or nonfeasance or bad faith on the part
of the Agent,  the Agent may represent the Secured Party in connection  with any
dispute or proceeding  relating to the  disposition  of the Pledged  Collateral.
Absent willful malfeasance or nonfeasance or bad faith on the part of the Agent,
the Secured  Party and each of the  Pledgors  hereby waive any actual or alleged
conflict  of interest by reason of the Agent  serving as Agent  hereunder  or in
connection with any such representation. Any breach or violation of the terms of
this Agreement by any party,  including the provisions and  restrictions of this
Section J, in addition to giving rise to monetary damages, may be enjoined.  The
Agent shall not be bound in any way by any  agreement  or  contract  between the
Secured Party and any Pledgor whether or not it has knowledge  thereof,  and the

                                       -4-
<PAGE>


Agent's only duties and responsibilities  hereunder shall be to hold the Pledged
Collateral as Agent and to dispose of the Pledged  Collateral in accordance with
the terms of this  Agreement.  The Agent may act upon any  instruments  or other
writings  believed  by the Agent in good faith to be genuine and to be signed or
presented by the proper persons.  The Agent shall not be liable for any error in
judgment,  law or fact or for any act done or omitted  to be done in  connection
with the  performance  of its duties  under this  Agreement,  except for its own
willful  malfeasance  or  nonfeasance  or bad faith.  The Agent may consult with
independent  counsel  and a written  opinion of such  counsel  shall be full and
complete  authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted
by the Agent hereunder in good faith and in reliance upon such opinion.

     SECTION K. Remedies upon Default.
     ---------------------------------
     Subject to the  provisions of Section F, if any Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing:

     1. The Agent may,  as  directed  by the Secured  Party,  (i)  transfer  the
Pledged  Collateral to the Secured Party in full  satisfaction  of the Pledgors'
obligations  under the  Options  or (ii)  exercise  in  respect  of the  Pledged
Collateral,  in addition to other  rights and  remedies  provided  for herein or
otherwise  available to it, all the rights and remedies of the Secured  Party on
default under the Uniform  Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York at
the  time  (the  "Code")  (whether  or  not  the  Code  applies  to  the  affect
Collateral),  and may also,  without notice except as specified below,  sell the
Pledged  Collateral  or any part  thereof  in one or more  parcels  at public or
private sale, at any exchange,  broker's  board or at any office of the Agent or
elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms
as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, as directed by the Secured Party.
The Pledgor  agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law,
at least ten days'  notice to the  Pledgor  of the time and place of any  public
sale or the time after  which any  private  sale is to be made shall  constitute
reasonable  notification.  The Agent shall not be  obligated to make any sale of
Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Agent may
adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time
and place fixed therefor,  and such sale may, without further notice, be made at
the time and place to which it was so adjourned.

     2. Any cash held by the Agent as Pledged  Collateral  and all cash proceeds
received  by the Agent in  respect  of any sale of,  collection  from,  or other
realization  upon  all or  any  part  of  the  Pledged  Collateral  may,  in the
discretion of the Agent,  be held by the Agent as collateral for, and/or then or
at any time  thereafter be applied (after payment of any amounts  payable to the
Agent  pursuant  to Section  L) in whole or in part by the Agent to satisfy  the
obligations  of Online and the Pledgors  pursuant to the  Options,  as the Agent
shall be  directed  by the  Secured  Party.  Any  surplus  of such  cash or cash
proceeds  held by the Agent and  remaining  after  satisfaction  in full of such
obligations  shall be paid over to the Pledgors or to whomsoever may be lawfully
entitled to receive such surplus.

     SECTION L. Expenses.
     --------------------
     Prior to exercise  and payment in full of the Options,  the  Pledgors  will
upon  demand  pay to the Agent the  amount of any and all  reasonable  expenses,
including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and
agents,  which  the  Agent  may  incur in  connection  with (i) the  custody  or
preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any
of the Pledged Collateral, (ii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights
of the Agent  hereunder  or (iii) the  failure  by the  Pledgors  to  perform or
observe any of the provisions hereof.  Subsequent to the exercise and payment in
full of the options,  the Secured Party shall be responsible  for all reasonable
expenses of the Agent,  except for such  expenses that accrued prior to exercise
and payment in full of the options.

                                       -5-
<PAGE>


     SECTION M. Amendments, Etc.
     ---------------------------
     This  Agreement may be altered or amended only with the written  consent of
all of the parties hereto.

     SECTION N. Addresses for Notices.
     ---------------------------------
     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to the Secured Party, to:

Terri Wonderly
C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011

If to the Pledgors, to:

the addresses set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
                           ---------

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

If to the Agent, to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

     SECTION O. Continuing Security Interest.
     ----------------------------------------

     1. This  Agreement  shall  create a  continuing  security  interest  in the
Pledged  Collateral  and shall (i)  remain in full  force and  effect  until the
exercise and payment in full of the Options and all other amounts  payable under
this Agreement, (ii) be binding upon the Pledgors, their successors and assigns,
and (iii)  inure to the  benefit  of, and be  enforceable  by, the Agent and its
successors, transferees and assigns.

                                       -6-
<PAGE>


     2.  Upon the  payment  in full of the  obligations  and all  other  amounts
payable  under this  Agreement,  the  security  interest  granted  hereby  shall
terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the Pledgors.
Upon any such termination,  the Agent will, at the Pledgors' expense,  return to
the  Pledgors  such of the  Pledged  Collateral  as shall  not have been sold or
otherwise  applied  pursuant to the terms  hereof and execute and deliver to the
Pledgors such  documents as the Pledgors  shall  reasonably  request to evidence
such termination.

     SECTION P. Governing Law; Terms.
     --------------------------------
     The parties hereto  expressly  agree that this Agreement  shall be governed
by,  interpreted  under, and construed and enforced in accordance of the laws of
the State of New York. The parties agree that any dispute  arising under or with
respect to or in connection with this Agreement, whether during the term of this
Agreement or at any subsequent  time, shall be resolved fully and exclusively by
binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial rules then in force of the
American Arbitration  Association with the proceedings taking place in New York,
New York  before a panel of three (3)  arbitrators,  each with at least 10 years
experience in the securities industry. The arbitrators shall not alter the terms
of this Agreement or any related agreement.

     SECTION Q. This  Agreement  may be  executed in  counterparts,  each one of
which  will  constitute  an  original  and  all of  which  taken  together  will
constitute one document.  This Agreement may be executed by delivery of a signed
signature  page by fax to the other  parties  hereto and such fax  execution and
delivery will be valid in all respects.

                    [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]

                                       -7-
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to
be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

EXECUTED:

PLEDGORS:


/s/ Roger Henely
------------------------------------
         Roger Henely


/s/ Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.
------------------------------------
         Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.


/s/ William R. Shroyer
------------------------------------
         William R. Shroyer


/s/ Thomas A. Brewer
------------------------------------
         Thomas A. Brewer


/s/ Richard R. Holm
------------------------------------
         Richard R. Holm



Partners Resources, LLC


By:
   ---------------------------------


/s/ Peter Bowthorpe
------------------------------------
         Peter Bowthorpe


/s/ Joel A. Shapiro
------------------------------------
         Joel A. Shapiro


/s/ Patrick Shane
------------------------------------
         Patrick Shane

                                       -8-
<PAGE>



/s/ Barry Alexander
------------------------------------
         Barry Alexander


/s/ Mitchell J. Weiner
------------------------------------
         Mitchell J. Weiner


/s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
------------------------------------
         Richard H. Rosenblum



SECURED PARTY:

/s/ Terri Wonderly
------------------------------------
         Terri Wonderly

AGENT:

Law Offices Of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.


By: /s/ Louis E. Taubman
   ---------------------------------
         Louis E. Taubman

                                       -9-
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------


Pledgor                             Online Shares
-------                             -------------

Roger Henely                            3,260,000
530 Abenida Victoria #F
San Clemente, CA 92672

Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.                     81,000
P.O. Box  164
Kenwood, CA  95452

William R. Shroyer                         81,000
1469 Golf Course Drive
Windsor, CA 94952

Thomas A. Brewer                           81,000
2320 Gads Hill Street
Santa Rosa, CA 95401

Richard R. Holm                            81,000
208 Chicago Avenue North
Wayzata, MN 55391

Partners Resources LLC                    326,000
5973 Avenida Encinas, Suite 316
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Peter Bowthorpe                         2,086,000
6 The Homestead
Sea Road, East Preston,
Little Hampton
West Sussex BN1616W, United Kingdom

Joel A. Shapiro                         1,736,000
65 Shrewsbury Road
Livingston, NJ 07039

Patrick Shane                           1,736,000
601 Lake Avenue
Altamonte Springs, FL 32701

Barry Alaxander                           418,000
33948 N. 81ST STREET
SCOTTSDSALE, AZ. 85262

                                      -10-
<PAGE>


Mitchell J. Weiner                        620,000
2005 Ocean Walk Terrace
Townhouse 310
Lauderdale by the Sea, FL 33062

Richard H. Rosenblum                        294,000
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510

                                      -11-
<PAGE>


                                ESCROW AGREEMENT
                                ----------------

     THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT  ("Agreement") is made as of February 28, 2003 by and
between  those  parties  listed  on  Exhibit  A  hereto  (each a  "Pledgor"  and
collectively,  the  "Pledgors"),  Terri Wonderly,  (the "Secured Party") and Law
Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C. (the "Escrow Agent").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS,  the Pledgors,  Online  Processing,  Inc. (the  "Company") and the
Secured Party are parties to certain  option  agreements  (the  "Options") and a
stock pledge agreement (the "Stock Pledge Agreement"),  all dated as of February
28, 2003,  pursuant to which  10,800,000  shares of the  Company's  common stock
owned by the Pledgors (the "Shares") are to be held in escrow; and

     WHEREAS,  the Pledgors and the Secured Party have requested that the Escrow
Agent hold the Shares in escrow pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the covenants  and mutual  promises
contained  herein and other good and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt and
legal  sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE 1
                                    ---------
                               TERMS OF THE ESCROW

     1.1 The parties hereby agree to have Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman,  P.C.
act as Escrow Agent  whereby the Escrow Agent shall receive the Shares in escrow
and distribute the same as set forth in this Agreement.  Any  capitalized  terms
not defined  herein shall have the meaning  ascribed to them in the  Transaction
Documents.

     1.2 At or prior to the issuance of the Options,  the Pledgors shall deliver
to the Escrow Agent  certificates  representing the (i) 10,800,000 Shares of the
Company's  common  stock,  (ii) stock  powers  executed by the Pledgors for each
certificate  representing  the  Shares,  and  (iii) a  letter  addressed  to the
transfer  agent of the company  authorizing  the Transfer Agent to transfer such
Shares into the name of the Secured Party.

     1.3 (a) Upon an event of Default  pursuant to the Stock  Pledge  Agreement,
Escrow Agent is hereby authorized,  10 days after Pledgor has received notice of
such default and had an opportunity to cure, to release to the Secured Party (i)
the Shares,  (ii) stock powers and (iii) a letter from the Pledgors  authorizing
the transfer agent of the Company to transfer the Shares to the Secured Party.

          (b) Upon  exercise  and payment in full or  termination  of all of the
     Options, the Escrow Agent shall return the Shares to the Pledgors, less any
     shares released to the Secured Party pursuant Section 1.3(a).

<PAGE>


          (c)  Upon the  Escrow  Agent's  completion  of its  obligations  under
     Sections  1.3(a) or (b) this Agreement shall terminate and the Escrow Agent
     shall have no further liability hereunder.

     1.4 This Agreement may be altered or amended only with the written  consent
of all of the parties  hereto.  Should the Pledgors or the Secured Party attempt
to change this Agreement in a manner,  which, in the Escrow Agent's  discretion,
shall be  undesirable,  the Escrow Agent may resign as Escrow Agent by notifying
the Pledgors and the Secured Party in writing. In the case of the Escrow Agent's
resignation or removal  pursuant to the foregoing,  his only duty, until receipt
of notice from the Pledgors and the Secured Party that a successor  escrow agent
has been  appointed,  shall be to hold and  preserve  the Shares that are in his
possession.  Upon  receipt by the Escrow  Agent of said notice from the Pledgors
and the Secured Party of the appointment of a successor  escrow agent,  the name
of a successor escrow account and a direction to transfer the Shares, the Escrow
Agent  shall  promptly  thereafter  transfer  all of the Shares that it is still
holding  in escrow,  to said  successor  escrow  agent.  Immediately  after said
transfer of the Shares,  the Escrow Agent shall furnish the Pledgors and Secured
Parties with proof of such transfer. The Escrow Agent is authorized to disregard
any notices, requests,  instructions or demands received by it from the Pledgors
or the Secured Party after notice of resignation or removal has been given.

     1.5 The Escrow  Agent shall be  reimbursed  by the Pledgors and the Secured
Party for any  reasonable  expenses  incurred  in the event  there is a conflict
between  the  parties and the Escrow  Agent  shall deem it  necessary  to retain
counsel, upon whose advice the Escrow Agent may rely. The Escrow Agent shall not
be liable for any  action  taken or omitted by him in good faith and in no event
shall the Escrow Agent be liable or  responsible  except for the Escrow  Agent's
own  gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct.  The  Escrow  Agent has made no
representations or warranties to the Pledgors or the Secured Party in connection
with this  transaction.  The Escrow Agent has no  liability  hereunder to either
party other than to hold the Shares received by the Secured Party and to deliver
them under the terms  hereof.  Each party hereto  agrees to  indemnify  and hold
harmless the Escrow Agent from and with respect to any suits, claims, actions or
liabilities arising in any way out of this transaction  including the obligation
to defend any legal action  brought which in any way arises out of or is related
to this  Agreement or the investment  being made by Secured Party.  The Pledgors
acknowledge  and  represents  that  they are not  being  represented  in a legal
capacity by Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman,  P.C., and have had the opportunity
to consult with their own legal advisors prior to the signing of this Agreement.
The  Pledgors  acknowledge  that the Escrow  Agent is not  rendering  securities
advice to them with respect to this  transaction or otherwise.  The Escrow Agent
has acted as legal  counsel  for the  Secured  Party and may  continue to act as
legal  counsel for the Secured  Party,  from time to time,  notwithstanding  its
duties as the Escrow Agent  hereunder.  The Pledgors consent to the Escrow Agent
acting in such  capacity as legal  counsel  for the Secured  Party and waive any
claim that such representation  represents a conflict of interest on the part of
the Escrow  Agent.  The Company  understands  that the Secured  Party and Escrow
Agent are relying  explicitly  on the  foregoing  provisions  contained  in this
Section 1.5 in entering into this Agreement.

                                        2
<PAGE>


     1.6 The Escrow Agent shall be obligated  only for the  performance  of such
duties as are  specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected
in relying or refraining  from acting on any instrument  reasonably  believed by
the  Escrow  Agent to be genuine  and to have been  signed or  presented  by the
proper party or parties. The Escrow Agent shall not be personally liable for any
act the Escrow  Agent may do or omit to do  hereunder  as the Escrow Agent while
acting in good faith,  and any act done or omitted by the Escrow Agent  pursuant
to the  advice  of the  Escrow  Agent's  attorneys-at-law  shall  be  conclusive
evidence of such good faith.

     1.7 The Escrow Agent is hereby  expressly  authorized  to disregard any and
all  warnings  given by any of the  parties  hereto  or by any  other  person or
corporation,  excepting  only  orders or  process of courts of law and is hereby
expressly authorized to comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any
court. In case the Escrow Agent obeys or complies with any such order,  judgment
or decree,  the Escrow Agent shall not be liable to any of the parties hereto or
to any  other  person,  firm or  corporation  by  reason  of such  decree  being
subsequently reversed,  modified,  annulled, set aside, vacated or found to have
been entered without jurisdiction.

     1.8 The Escrow  Agent  shall not be liable in any respect on account of the
identity,  authorities  or rights of the  parties  executing  or  delivering  or
purporting  to execute or  deliver  the  Agreement  or any  documents  or papers
deposited or called for hereunder.

     1.9 If the Escrow Agent reasonably  requires other or further  documents in
connection  with this  Agreement,  the  necessary  parties  hereto shall join in
furnishing such documents.

     1.10 It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or  ownership or right of possession of the documents or the
Shares held by the Escrow Agent  hereunder,  the Escrow Agent is authorized  and
directed  in the  Escrow  Agent's  sole  discretion  (a) to retain in the Escrow
Agent's possession without liability to anyone all or any part of said documents
or the Shares  until such  disputes  shall  have been  settled  either by mutual
written  agreement  of the  parties  concerned  or by a final  order,  decree or
judgment  of a court of  competent  jurisdiction  after the time for  appeal has
expired and no appeal has been perfected, but the Escrow Agent shall be under no
duty  whatsoever to institute or defend any such  proceedings  or (b) to deliver
the  Shares  and any other  property  and  documents  held by the  Escrow  Agent
hereunder  to  a  state  or  federal  court  having  competent   subject  matter
jurisdiction  and  located  in the  State  of New  York in  accordance  with the
applicable procedure therefor.

                                    ARTICLE 2
                                    ---------
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     2.1 No waiver of any breach of any covenant or provision  herein  contained
shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding  breach  thereof,  or of
any other  covenant or  provision  herein  contained.  No  extension of time for
performance  of any  obligation or act shall be deemed any extension of the time
for performance of any other obligation or act.

                                        3
<PAGE>


     2.2 This Agreement  shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of
the permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

     2.3 This  Agreement  is the final  expression  of, and  contains the entire
agreement  between,  the parties with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings with respect thereto. This Agreement may not
be  modified,  changed,  supplemented  or  terminated,  nor may any  obligations
hereunder be waived,  except by written  instrument  signed by the parties to be
charged or by its agent duly  authorized  in writing or as  otherwise  expressly
permitted herein.

     2.4 Whenever required by the context of this Agreement,  the singular shall
include the plural and masculine shall include the feminine.  This Agreement may
be  executed in two or more  counterparts,  all of which  taken  together  shall
constitute one instrument.  Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange
of facsimile copies bearing the facsimile  signature of a party shall constitute
a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party. Such
facsimile copies shall constitute enforceable original documents.

     2.5 The  parties  hereto  expressly  agree  that  this  Agreement  shall be
governed by,  interpreted under, and construed and enforced in accordance of the
laws of the State of New York. The parties agree that any dispute  arising under
or with respect to or in connection with this Agreement, whether during the term
of this  Agreement  or at any  subsequent  time,  shall be  resolved  fully  and
exclusively by binding  arbitration in accordance with the commercial rules then
in force of the American  Arbitration  Association  with the proceedings  taking
place in New York, New York before a panel of three (3)  arbitrators,  each with
at least 10 years experience in the securities  industry.  The arbitrators shall
not alter the terms of this Agreement or any related agreement.

     2.6 All notices and other  communications  under this  Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to the Secured Party, to:

Terri Wonderly
C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011


If to the Shareholders, to:

the addresses set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
                           ---------

                                        4
<PAGE>


with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

If to the Escrow Agent, to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

     2.7 By signing this Agreement, the Escrow Agent becomes a party hereto only
for the purpose of this  Agreement;  the Escrow Agent does not become a party to
the Transaction Documents.

     2.8 Each party  acknowledges  and agrees that this  Agreement  shall not be
deemed prepared or drafted by any one party. In the event of any dispute between
the  parties  concerning  this  Agreement,  the  parties  agree that any rule of
construction,  to the effect that any ambiguity in the language of the Agreement
is to be resolved against the drafting party, shall not apply.

     2.9 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each one of which will
constitute  an original  and all of which taken  together  will  constitute  one
document.  This Agreement may be executed by delivery of a signed signature page
by fax to the other  parties  hereto and such fax execution and delivery will be
valid in all respects.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS

                                        5
<PAGE>


EXECUTED:

PLEDGORS:

/s/ Roger Henely
------------------------------------
         Roger Henely

/s/ Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.
------------------------------------
         Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.

/s/ William R. Shroyer
------------------------------------
         William R. Shroyer

/s/ Thomas A. Brewer
------------------------------------
         Thomas A. Brewer


/s/ Richard R. Holm
------------------------------------
         Richard R. Holm


Partners Resources, LLC


By:
   ---------------------------------



/s/ Peter Bowthorpe
------------------------------------
         Peter Bowthorpe


/s/ Joel A. Shapiro
------------------------------------
         Joel A. Shapiro


/s/ Patrick Shane
------------------------------------
         Patrick Shane


/s/ Barry Alexander
------------------------------------
         Barry Alexander

                                        6
<PAGE>


/s/ Mitchell J. Weiner
------------------------------------
         Mitchell J. Weiner


/s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
------------------------------------
         Richard H. Rosenblum



SECURED PARTY:

/s/ Terri Wonderly
------------------------------------
         Terri Wonderly

ESCROW AGENT:

Law Offices Of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.


By: /s/ Louis E. Taubman
   ---------------------------------
         Louis E. Taubman


                                        7
<PAGE>

                        EXHIBIT A
                        ---------


Pledgor                                Online Shares
-------                                -------------

Roger Henely                               3,260,000
530 Abenida Victoria #F
San Clemente, CA 92672

Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.                        81,000
P.O. Box  164
Kenwood, CA  95452

William R. Shroyer                            81,000
1469 Golf Course Drive
Windsor, CA 94952

Thomas A. Brewer                              81,000
2320 Gads Hill Street
Santa Rosa, CA 95401

Richard R. Holm                               81,000
208 Chicago Avenue North
Wayzata, MN 55391

Partners Resources LLC                       326,000
5973 Avenida Encinas, Suite 316
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Peter Bowthorpe                            2,086,000
6 The Homestead
Sea Road, East Preston,
Little Hampton
West Sussex BN1616W, United Kingdom

Joel A. Shapiro                            1,736,000
65 Shrewsbury Road
Livingston, NJ 07039

Patrick Shane                              1,736,000
601 Lake Avenue
Altamonte Springs, FL 32701

Barry Alaxander                              418,000
33948 N. 81ST STREET
SCOTTSDSALE, AZ. 85262

                                        8
<PAGE>


Mitchell J. Weiner                           620,000
2005 Ocean Walk Terrace
Townhouse 310
Lauderdale by the Sea, FL 33062


Richard H. Rosenblum                         294,000
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510

                                        9
<PAGE>

                             STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT
                             ----------------------


     STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") dated as of February 28, 2003, made by
and between  Online  Processing,  Inc., a Nevada  corporation  ("Pledgor"),  the
parties  listed on Exhibit A hereto  (the  "Secured  Parties"),  Terri  Wonderly
("Wonderly") and Kaufman, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin & Robbins LLP (the "Agent").

     PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

     I. The Pledgor, and the Secured Parties and Wonderly are parties to certain
option agreements all dated February 28, 2003, pursuant to which the Pledgor has
granted  Wonderly  an  option  (the  "Put  Option")  to sell  410,000  shares of
Pledgor's common stock to Pledgor for $.61 per share ($250,100 total).

     II. In order to secure payment of the Put Option,  the secured parties have
pledged  10,800,000  shares of Pledgor's common stock to Wonderly  pursuant to a
Stock Pledge Agreement (the "Online Pledge Agreement"),  and as a result, in the
event of a default of the Put Option, the Secured Parties would cease to own any
shares of the Pledgor.

     III.  In such event of default of the Put Option,  the  parties  agree that
Pledgor  shall divest itself of all ownership  interest of  Communication  Field
Services,  Inc., a Nevada corporation ("CFSC") and as a result have entered into
this Agreement.

     IV. In order to carry out such  divestiture,  Pledgor  is  pledging  67,268
shares  of CFSC  common  (the  "CFSC  Shares")  pursuant  to the  terms  of this
Agreement.

     IV.  Contemporaneously  with the execution of this  Agreement,  the parties
hereto shall also execute an Escrow Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual representations,  warranties,
covenants  and  agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  the parties  agree as
follows:

     SECTION A. Pledge.
                -------
     The Pledgor hereby pledges to the Agent, and grants to the Agent a security
interest in, the following (the "Pledged Collateral"):

     1.   the CFSC Shares and the certificates representing the CFSC Shares, and
          all dividends,  cash, instruments and other property from time to time
          received,  receivable  or  otherwise  distributed  in respect of or in
          exchange for any or all of the CFSC Shares; and

     2.   all  proceeds  of any  and  all of the  foregoing  Pledged  Collateral
          (including,  without limitation,  proceeds that constitute property of
          the types described above).

<PAGE>

     SECTION B. Security for Obligations.
                -------------------------
     This  Agreement  secures the  Pledgor's  agreement to divest  itself of all
shares of CFSC in the event that it defaults on the payment of the Put Option to
Wonderly.

     SECTION C. Delivery of Pledged Collateral.
                -------------------------------
     All  certificates  or  instruments  representing  or evidencing the Pledged
Collateral  shall be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Agent pursuant
hereto and shall be in  suitable  form for  transfer  by  delivery,  or shall be
accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all
in form and substance  satisfactory to the Agent. Upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined below), the Agent shall have
the duty,  at any time at the direction of a majority in interest of the Secured
Parties on ten (10)  business  days notice to the Pledgor,  to transfer to or to
register in the name of the Agent or any of its nominees, or in the name of each
of the Secured  Parties on a pro rata basis based on each Secured Party's amount
subscribed  for compared to the total amount  subscribed  for, any or all of the
Pledged  Collateral as provided  herein,  subject only to the  revocable  rights
specified in Section  F(a).  In addition,  the Agent shall have the right at any
such time to exchange  certificates  or instruments  representing  or evidencing
Pledged  Collateral  for  certificates  or  instruments  of  smaller  or  larger
denominations.

     SECTION D. Representations and Warranties.
                ------------------------------
     The Pledgor represents and warrants as follows:

     1.   The Pledgor is the owners of the Pledged  Collateral free and clear of
          any lien,  security  interest,  option or other charge or  encumbrance
          except for the security interest created by this Agreement.

     2.   The  pledge  of the  Pledged  Collateral  pursuant  to this  Agreement
          creates a valid and perfected first priority  security interest in the
          Pledged  Collateral,  securing Pledgor's agreement to divest itself of
          the CFSC  shares in the event that it  defaults  in the payment of the
          Put Option.

     SECTION E. Further Assurances.
                -------------------
     The Pledgor  agrees that at any time and from time to time the Pledgor,  at
its  expense,  will  promptly  execute and deliver all further  instruments  and
documents,  and take all further action, that may be necessary or desirable,  or
that the Agent may  reasonably  request,  in order to perfect  and  protect  any
security  interest  granted or purported  to be granted  hereby or to enable the
Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies  hereunder with respect to
any Pledged Collateral.

     SECTION F. Voting Rights; Dividends; Etc.
                ------------------------------

     1.   So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

          (a) The  Pledgor  shall  be  entitled  to  exercise  or  refrain  from
          exercising any and all voting and other consensual  rights  pertaining
          to the  Pledged  Collateral  or any part  thereof  for any purpose not
          inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.

                                       -2-
<PAGE>


          (b) The  Pledgor  shall be  entitled to receive and retain any and all
          dividends and distributions paid in respect of the Pledged Collateral,
          provided,  however,  that any and all (i)  dividends  paid or  payable
          other than in cash in respect of, and  instruments  and other property
          received,  receivable  or otherwise  distributed  in respect of, or in
          exchange  for,  Pledged  Collateral,  and  (ii)  dividends  and  other
          distributions  paid  or  payable  in cash in  respect  of any  Pledged
          Collateral  in  connection  with a  partial  or total  liquidation  or
          dissolution,  shall be, and shall be forthwith  delivered to the Agent
          to hold as, Pledged Collateral and shall, if received by the Pledgors,
          be received in trust for the benefit of the Agent,  be segregated from
          the other property or funds of the Pledgor, and be forthwith delivered
          to the Agent as  Pledged  Collateral  in the same form as so  received
          (with any necessary endorsement or assignment).

          (c) The Agent shall  execute and deliver (or cause to be executed  and
          delivered) to the Pledgor upon demand and without undue delay all such
          proxies and other  instruments as the Pledgor may  reasonably  request
          for the  purpose of enabling  the  Pledgor to exercise  the voting and
          other  rights  which it is entitled to exercise  pursuant to paragraph
          (i) above and to  receive  the  dividends  which it is  authorized  to
          receive and retain pursuant to paragraph (ii) above.

     2.   Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default:

          (a) All rights of the Pledgor to exercise or refrain  from  exercising
          the voting and other  consensual  rights  which it would  otherwise be
          entitled  to exercise  pursuant to Section  F(1)(a) and to receive the
          dividends  payments which it would  otherwise be authorized to receive
          and retain  pursuant  to Section  F(1)(b)  shall  cease,  and all such
          rights shall thereupon  become vested in the Agent who shall thereupon
          have the sole right to exercise or refrain from exercising such voting
          and other consensual  rights at the direction of the Secured Party and
          to receive and hold as Pledged Collateral such dividends.

          (b) All  dividends  which are received by the Pledgor  contrary to the
          provisions  of paragraph (a) of this Section F(2) shall be received in
          trust for the  benefit of the Agent,  shall be  segregated  from other
          funds of the Pledgor and shall be forthwith  paid over to the Agent as
          Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received (with any necessary
          endorsement).

     3.   As used herein,  "Event of Default" shall mean any failure on the part
          of Pledgor to honor the terms of the Put Option.



     SECTION G. Transfers and Other Liens.
                --------------------------
     The Pledgor  agrees that it will not (i) sell,  assign (by operation of law
or otherwise) or otherwise  dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, any
of the Pledged Collateral,  or (ii) create or permit to exist any lien, security
interest,  option or other charge or encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of
the Pledged Collateral, except for the security interest under this Agreement.

                                       -3-
<PAGE>


     SECTION H. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact.
                ---------------------------------
     The Pledgor hereby appoints the Agent the Pledgor's attorney-in-fact,  with
full  authority  in the place and  stead of the  Pledgor  and in the name of the
Pledgor or  otherwise,  from time to time in the Agent's  discretion to take any
action and to  execute  any  instrument  which the Agent may deem  necessary  or
advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of
the Pledgor under Section F), including, without limitation, to receive, indorse
and  collect  all  instruments  made  payable to the  Pledgor  representing  any
dividend or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same.

     SECTION I. Agent May Perform.
                ------------------
     If the Pledgor fails to perform any agreement  contained herein,  the Agent
may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of
the Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Pledgor under
Section L.

     SECTION J. The Agent's Duties.
                -------------------

     1.   The powers  conferred on the Agent hereunder are solely to protect the
          Secured  Parties  interest  in the  Pledged  Collateral  and shall not
          impose any duty upon it to exercise any such  powers,  except upon the
          direction of the Secured  Parties.  Except for the safe custody of any
          Pledged  Collateral in its  possession  and the  accounting for moneys
          actually received by it hereunder,  the Agent shall have no duty as to
          any  Pledged  Collateral,  as to  ascertaining  or taking  action with
          respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other
          matters relative to any Pledged  Collateral,  whether or not the Agent
          has or is  deemed  to have  knowledge  of such  matters,  or as to the
          taking of any necessary  steps to preserve  rights against any parties
          or any other rights  pertaining to any Pledged  Collateral.  The Agent
          shall be deemed to have exercised  reasonable  care in the custody and
          preservation  of any  Pledged  Collateral  in its  possession  if such
          Pledged Collateral is accorded treatment  substantially  equal to that
          which the Agent accords its own property.

     2.   Each  Pledgor and the Secured  Party  hereby,  jointly and  severally,
          agree to indemnify and defend the Agent and to hold the Agent harmless
          from any loss,  liability  or expense  incurred  by the Agent  without
          willful  malfeasance  or  nonfeasance or bad faith on its part arising
          out of or in connection with the acceptance or  administration  by the
          Agent of its duties  hereunder,  including,  but not  limited  to, the
          reasonable fees, costs and expenses of defending itself against claims
          of  liability  hereunder.  Anything in the  foregoing  to the contrary
          notwithstanding,  in the event of a dispute  between  the  parties  or
          between either or both of the parties and the agent or in the event of
          the  agent's  resignation  if no  successor  agent has been  appointed
          within 30 days following written notice to the parties by the Agent of
          such  resignation,  at the sole discretion of the Agent, the Agent may
          at any  time  deposit  any or all  of the  Pledged  Collateral  with a
          federal or state court  located in New York County,  New York selected
          by the Agent and in such event (x) all liability and responsibility of
          the Agent shall  terminate upon such deposit having been made, and (y)
          after  such  deposit  is  made,  and  absent  willful  malfeasance  or
          nonfeasance  or bad  faith on the part of the  Agent,  the  Agent  may
          represent  the  Secured  Party  in  connection  with  any  dispute  or
          proceeding  relating to the  disposition  of the  Pledged  Collateral.
          Absent willful  malfeasance or nonfeasance or bad faith on the part of
          the Agent, the Secured Party and each of the Pledgors hereby waive any
          actual or alleged  conflict of interest by reason of the Agent serving
          as Agent hereunder or in connection with any such representation.  Any
          breach or  violation  of the  terms of this  Agreement  by any  party,
          including  the  provisions  and  restrictions  of this  Section  J, in
          addition to giving  rise to monetary  damages,  may be  enjoined.  The
          Agent  shall  not be bound  in any way by any  agreement  or  contract
          between  the  Secured  Party  and any  Pledgor  whether  or not it has

                                       -4-
<PAGE>

          knowledge  thereof,  and the Agent's only duties and  responsibilities
          hereunder  shall be to hold the  Pledged  Collateral  as Agent  and to
          dispose of the Pledged Collateral in accordance with the terms of this
          Agreement.  The Agent may act upon any  instruments  or other writings
          believed  by the Agent in good faith to be genuine and to be signed or
          presented by the proper persons. The Agent shall not be liable for any
          error in  judgment,  law or fact or for any act done or  omitted to be
          done in  connection  with the  performance  of its  duties  under this
          Agreement,  except for its own willful  malfeasance  or nonfeasance or
          bad  faith.  The Agent may  consult  with  independent  counsel  and a
          written   opinion  of  such   counsel   shall  be  full  and  complete
          authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted
          by the  Agent  hereunder  in good  faith  and in  reliance  upon  such
          opinion.

     SECTION K. Remedies upon Default.
                ----------------------
     Subject to the  provisions of Section F, if any Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing:

     1.   The Agent may, as directed by the Secured  Parties,  (i)  transfer the
          Pledged  Collateral to the Secured Parties in full satisfaction of the
          Pledgor's obligations under this Agreement or (ii) exercise in respect
          of the Pledged  Collateral,  in addition to other  rights and remedies
          provided for herein or  otherwise  available to it, all the rights and
          remedies of the Secured Party on default under the Uniform  Commercial
          Code in  effect  in the  State of New York at the  time  (the  "Code")
          (whether or not the Code  applies to the affect  Collateral),  and may
          also,  without  notice  except as  specified  below,  sell the Pledged
          Collateral  or any part  thereof  in one or more  parcels at public or
          private sale, at any exchange,  broker's board or at any office of the
          Agent or elsewhere,  for cash, on credit or for future  delivery,  and
          upon such other terms as the Agent may deem  commercially  reasonable,
          as directed by the Secured  Party.  The Pledgor  agrees  that,  to the
          extent  notice of sale shall be  required  by law,  at least ten days'
          notice to the  Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or the
          time  after  which any  private  sale is to be made  shall  constitute
          reasonable notification.  The Agent shall not be obligated to make any
          sale of Pledged  Collateral  regardless  of notice of sale having been
          given.  The Agent may adjourn any public or private  sale from time to
          time by announcement  at the time and place fixed  therefor,  and such
          sale may,  without  further  notice,  be made at the time and place to
          which it was so adjourned.

     2.   Any cash held by the Agent as Pledged Collateral and all cash proceeds
          received by the Agent in respect of any sale of,  collection  from, or
          other realization upon all or any part of the Pledged  Collateral may,
          in the  discretion  of the Agent,  be held by the Agent as  collateral
          for,  and/or then or at any time  thereafter be applied (after payment
          of any amounts payable to the Agent pursuant to Section L) in whole or
          in part by the Agent to satisfy the  obligations  of  Pledgor,  as the
          Agent shall be directed  by the Secured  Parties.  Any surplus of such
          cash  or  cash  proceeds  held  by  the  Agent  and  remaining   after
          satisfaction  in full of such  obligations  shall be paid  over to the
          Pledgor or to  whomsoever  may be lawfully  entitled  to receive  such
          surplus.

     SECTION L. Expenses.
                ---------
     Prior to exercise  and payment in full of the Options,  the  Pledgors  will
upon  demand  pay to the Agent the  amount of any and all  reasonable  expenses,
including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and
agents,  which  the  Agent  may  incur in  connection  with (i) the  custody  or
preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any
of the Pledged Collateral, (ii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights
of the Agent hereunder or (iii) the failure by the Pledgor to perform or observe
any of the provisions hereof.

                                       -5-
<PAGE>


     SECTION M. Amendments,  Etc.
                ----------------
     No amendment or waiver of any provision of this  Agreement,  and no consent
to any departure by the Pledgor herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless
the same shall be in writing and signed by the Agent, as directed by the Secured
Party,  and then such waiver or consent shall be effective  only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

     SECTION N. Addresses for Notices.
                ---------------------
     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to the Secured Parties, to:

the addresses set forth on Exhibit A hereto.


If to Terri Wonderly, to:

C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011
with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

If to the Pledgor, to:

Online Processing, Inc.
1295 South Lewis Street
Anaheim, CA 92805

If to the Agent, to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017

                                       -6-
<PAGE>


     SECTION O. Continuing Security Interest.
                -----------------------------

     1.   This  Agreement  shall  create a continuing  security  interest in the
          Pledged Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until
          the exercise and payment in full of the Options and all other  amounts
          payable under this  Agreement,  (ii) be binding upon the Pledgor,  its
          successors  and  assigns,  and (iii)  inure to the  benefit of, and be
          enforceable by, the Agent and its successors, transferees and assigns.

     2.   Upon the  payment  in full of the  obligations  and all other  amounts
          payable under this  Agreement,  the security  interest  granted hereby
          shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged  Collateral shall revert
          to the  Pledgor.  Upon any such  termination,  the Agent will,  at the
          Pledgor's  expense,   return  to  the  Pledgor  such  of  the  Pledged
          Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise  applied  pursuant
          to the terms  hereof  and  execute  and  deliver to the  Pledgor  such
          documents as the Pledgor  shall  reasonably  request to evidence  such
          termination.

     SECTION P. Governing Law; Terms.
                ---------------------
     The parties hereto  expressly  agree that this Agreement  shall be governed
by,  interpreted  under, and construed and enforced in accordance of the laws of
the State of New York. The parties agree that any dispute  arising under or with
respect to or in connection with this Agreement, whether during the term of this
Agreement or at any subsequent  time, shall be resolved fully and exclusively by
binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial rules then in force of the
American Arbitration  Association with the proceedings taking place in New York,
New York  before a panel of three (3)  arbitrators,  each with at least 10 years
experience in the securities industry. The arbitrators shall not alter the terms
of this Agreement or any related agreement.

     SECTION Q. This  Agreement  may be  executed in  counterparts,  each one of
which  will  constitute  an  original  and  all of  which  taken  together  will
constitute one document.  This Agreement may be executed by delivery of a signed
signature  page by fax to the other  parties  hereto and such fax  execution and
delivery will be valid in all respects.


                    [SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]

                                       -7-
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to
be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

SECURED PARTIES:


/s/ Roger Henely
------------------------------------
    Roger Henely


/s/ Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.
------------------------------------
    Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.


/s/ William R. Shroyer
------------------------------------
    William R. Shroyer


/s/ Thomas A. Brewer
------------------------------------
    Thomas A. Brewer


/s/ Richard R. Holm
------------------------------------
    Richard R. Holm



Partners Resources, LLC


By:
   ---------------------------------


/s/ Peter Bowthorpe
------------------------------------
    Peter Bowthorpe


/s/ Joel A. Shapiro
------------------------------------
    Joel A. Shapiro


/s/ Patrick Shane
------------------------------------
    Patrick Shane

                                       -8-
<PAGE>


/s/ Barry Alexander
------------------------------------
    Barry Alexander


/s/ Mitchell J. Weiner
------------------------------------
    Mitchell J. Weiner


/s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
------------------------------------
    Richard H. Rosenblum


PLEDGOR

Online Processing, Inc.


By:
   ---------------------------------


AGENT:


KAUFMAN, FEINER, YAMIN, GILDIN & ROBBINS LLP


By: /s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
   ---------------------------------
        Richard H. Rosenblum


                                       -9-
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A


                                            CFS Shares
                                            ----------
Secured Party                               to be issued upon default
-------------                               -------------------------

Roger Henly                                 20,300
530 Abenida Victoria #F
San Clemente, CA 92672

Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.                         504
P.O. Box  164
Kenwood, CA  95452

William R. Shroyer                             504
1469 Golf Course Drive
Windsor, CA 94952

Thomas A. Brewer                               504
2320 Gads Hill Street
Santa Rosa, CA 95401

Richard R. Holm                                504
208 Chicago Avenue North
Wayzata, MN 55391

Partners Resources LLC                       2,030
5973 Avenida Encinas, Suite 316
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Peter Bowthorpe                             12,993
6 The Homestead
Sea Road, East Preston,
Little Hampton
West Sussex BN1616W, United Kingdom

Joel A. Shapiro                             10,815
65 Shrewsbury Road
Livingston, NJ 07039

Patrick Shane                               10,815
601 Lake Avenue
Altamonte Springs, FL 32701


                                      -10-
<PAGE>


Barry Alaxander                              2,604
33948 N. 81ST STREET
SCOTTSDSALE, AZ. 85262

Mitchell J. Weiner                           3,864
2005 Ocean Walk Terrace
Townhouse 310
Lauderdale by the Sea, FL 33062

Richard H. Rosenblum                         1,831
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510

                                      -11-
<PAGE>


Signature page cont'd for Stock Pledge Agreement


/s/ Terri Wonderly
------------------------------------
         Terri Wonderly


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

                                ESCROW AGREEMENT
                                ----------------

     THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT  ("Agreement") is made as of February 28, 2003 by and
between Online Processing,  Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Pledgor"),  the parties
listed on Exhibit A hereto (the "Secured Parties"),  Terri Wonderly ("Wonderly")
and Kaufman, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin & Robbins LLP (the "Escrow Agent").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS,  the Pledgor,  and the Secured Parties and Wonderly are parties to
certain option  agreements  all dated  February 28, 2003,  pursuant to which the
Pledgor has granted Wonderly an option (the "Put Option") to sell 410,000 shares
of Pledgor's common stock to Pledgor for $.61 per share ($250,100 total);

     WHEREAS,  in order to secure payment of the Put Option, the secured parties
have pledged 10,800,000 shares of Pledgor's common stock to Wonderly pursuant to
a Stock Pledge Agreement (the "Online Pledge  Agreement"),  and as a result,  in
the event of a default of the Put Option, the Secured Parties would cease to own
any shares of the Pledgor;

     WHEREAS, in such event of default of the Put Option, the parties agree that
Pledgor  shall divest itself of all ownership  interest of  Communication  Field
Services,  Inc., a Nevada corporation ("CFSC") and as a result have entered into
the Stock Pledge  Agreement  (the "CFSC Pledge  Agreement")  attached  hereto as
Exhibit A; and

     WHEREAS,  the parties have  requested that the Escrow Agent hold the shares
of CFSC pledged  pursuant to the CFSC Pledge Agreement in escrow pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the covenants  and mutual  promises
contained  herein and other good and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt and
legal  sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE 1
                                    ---------
                               TERMS OF THE ESCROW

     1.1 The parties  hereby  agree to have  Kaufman,  Feiner,  Yamin,  Gildin &
Robbins LLP act as Escrow Agent  whereby the Escrow Agent shall receive the CFSC
Shares in escrow and  distribute  the same as set forth in this  Agreement.  Any
capitalized  terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in
the Share Exchange Agreement dated as of February __, 2003 and related documents
(the "Transaction Documents").

                                        1
<PAGE>


     1.2 At or prior to the  issuance  of the Put  Option,  the  Pledgors  shall
deliver to the Escrow Agent  certificates  representing the (i) 67,268 Shares of
the CFSC's  common  stock,  (ii) stock  powers  executed by the Pledgor for each
certificate  representing  the CFSC Shares,  and (iii) a letter addressed to the
transfer  agent of the company  authorizing  the Transfer Agent to transfer such
CFSC Shares into the name of the Secured Parties.

     1.3 (a) Upon Wonderly gaining control of the shares of Pledgor's stock held
pursuant to the Online Pledge Agreement, the Escrow shall release to the Secured
Parties  (i) the CFSC  Shares,  (ii) stock  powers  and (iii) a letter  from the
Pledgors  authorizing  the  transfer  agent of the Company to transfer  the CFSC
Shares to the Secured Party.

          (b)  Upon  exercise  and  payment  in full or  termination  of the Put
     Options, the Escrow Agent shall return the CFSC Shares to the Pledgor, less
     any shares released to the Secured Parties pursuant Section 1.3(a).

          (c)  Upon the  Escrow  Agent's  completion  of its  obligations  under
     Sections  1.3(a) or (b) this Agreement shall terminate and the Escrow Agent
     shall have no further liability hereunder.

     1.4 This Agreement may be altered or amended only with the written  consent
of all of the parties hereto.  Should the Pledgor or the Secured Parties attempt
to change this Agreement in a manner,  which, in the Escrow Agent's  discretion,
shall be  undesirable,  the Escrow Agent may resign as Escrow Agent by notifying
the  Pledgor  and the  Secured  Parties  in  writing.  In the case of the Escrow
Agent's  resignation or removal pursuant to the foregoing,  his only duty, until
receipt of notice  from the Pledgor  and the  Secured  Parties  that a successor
escrow agent has been  appointed,  shall be to hold and preserve the Shares that
are in his possession.  Upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of said notice from the
Pledgor and the Secured Parties of the appointment of a successor  escrow agent,
the name of a successor  escrow  account and a  direction  to transfer  the CFSC
Shares,  the Escrow  Agent shall  promptly  thereafter  transfer all of the CFSC
Shares  that it is still  holding in escrow,  to said  successor  escrow  agent.
Immediately  after said  transfer  of the CFSC  Shares,  the Escrow  Agent shall
furnish the Pledgors and Secured Parties with proof of such transfer. The Escrow
Agent is authorized to disregard any notices, requests,  instructions or demands
received  by it  from  the  Pledgor  or the  Secured  Parties  after  notice  of
resignation or removal has been given.

     1.5 The Escrow  Agent  shall be  reimbursed  by the Pledgor and the Secured
Parties for any  reasonable  expenses  incurred in the event there is a conflict
between  the  parties and the Escrow  Agent  shall deem it  necessary  to retain
counsel, upon whose advice the Escrow Agent may rely. The Escrow Agent shall not
be liable for any  action  taken or omitted by him in good faith and in no event
shall the Escrow Agent be liable or  responsible  except for the Escrow  Agent's
own  gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct.  The  Escrow  Agent has made no
representations  or  warranties  to  the  Pledgor  or  the  Secured  Parties  in
connection with this transaction. The Escrow Agent has no liability hereunder to
either party other than to hold the CFSC Shares  received by the Secured Parties
and to  deliver  them  under the  terms  hereof.  Each  party  hereto  agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow Agent from and with respect to any suits,
claims,  actions  or  liabilities  arising  in any way  out of this  transaction
including  the  obligation  to defend any legal action  brought which in any way
arises out of or is related to this  Agreement or the  investment  being made by
Secured Parties.

                                        2
<PAGE>


     1.6 The Escrow Agent shall be obligated  only for the  performance  of such
duties as are  specifically set forth herein and may rely and shall be protected
in relying or refraining  from acting on any instrument  reasonably  believed by
the  Escrow  Agent to be genuine  and to have been  signed or  presented  by the
proper party or parties. The Escrow Agent shall not be personally liable for any
act the Escrow  Agent may do or omit to do  hereunder  as the Escrow Agent while
acting in good faith,  and any act done or omitted by the Escrow Agent  pursuant
to the  advice  of the  Escrow  Agent's  attorneys-at-law  shall  be  conclusive
evidence of such good faith.

     1.7 The Escrow Agent is hereby  expressly  authorized  to disregard any and
all  warnings  given by any of the  parties  hereto  or by any  other  person or
corporation,  excepting  only  orders or  process of courts of law and is hereby
expressly authorized to comply with and obey orders, judgments or decrees of any
court. In case the Escrow Agent obeys or complies with any such order,  judgment
or decree,  the Escrow Agent shall not be liable to any of the parties hereto or
to any  other  person,  firm or  corporation  by  reason  of such  decree  being
subsequently reversed,  modified,  annulled, set aside, vacated or found to have
been entered without jurisdiction.

     1.8 The Escrow  Agent  shall not be liable in any respect on account of the
identity,  authorities  or rights of the  parties  executing  or  delivering  or
purporting  to execute or  deliver  the  Agreement  or any  documents  or papers
deposited or called for hereunder.

     1.9 If the Escrow Agent reasonably  requires other or further  documents in
connection  with this  Agreement,  the  necessary  parties  hereto shall join in
furnishing such documents.

     1.10 It is understood and agreed that should any dispute arise with respect
to the delivery and/or  ownership or right of possession of the documents or the
CFSC Shares held by the Escrow Agent  hereunder,  the Escrow Agent is authorized
and directed in the Escrow  Agent's sole  discretion (a) to retain in the Escrow
Agent's possession without liability to anyone all or any part of said documents
or the CFSC Shares until such disputes  shall have been settled either by mutual
written  agreement  of the  parties  concerned  or by a final  order,  decree or
judgment  of a court of  competent  jurisdiction  after the time for  appeal has
expired and no appeal has been perfected, but the Escrow Agent shall be under no
duty  whatsoever to institute or defend any such  proceedings  or (b) to deliver
the CFSC Shares and any other  property and  documents  held by the Escrow Agent
hereunder  to  a  state  or  federal  court  having  competent   subject  matter
jurisdiction  and  located  in the  State  of New  York in  accordance  with the
applicable procedure therefor.

                                        3
<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE 2
                                    ---------
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     2.1 No waiver of any breach of any covenant or provision  herein  contained
shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding  breach  thereof,  or of
any other  covenant or  provision  herein  contained.  No  extension of time for
performance  of any  obligation or act shall be deemed any extension of the time
for performance of any other obligation or act.

     2.2 This Agreement  shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of
the permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

     2.3 This  Agreement  is the final  expression  of, and  contains the entire
agreement  between,  the parties with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings with respect thereto. This Agreement may not
be  modified,  changed,  supplemented  or  terminated,  nor may any  obligations
hereunder be waived,  except by written  instrument  signed by the parties to be
charged or by its agent duly  authorized  in writing or as  otherwise  expressly
permitted herein.

     2.4 Whenever required by the context of this Agreement,  the singular shall
include the plural and masculine shall include the feminine.  This Agreement may
be  executed in two or more  counterparts,  all of which  taken  together  shall
constitute one instrument.  Execution and delivery of this Agreement by exchange
of facsimile copies bearing the facsimile  signature of a party shall constitute
a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party. Such
facsimile copies shall constitute enforceable original documents.

     2.5 The  parties  hereto  expressly  agree  that  this  Agreement  shall be
governed by,  interpreted under, and construed and enforced in accordance of the
laws of the State of New York. The parties agree that any dispute  arising under
or with respect to or in connection with this Agreement, whether during the term
of this  Agreement  or at any  subsequent  time,  shall be  resolved  fully  and
exclusively by binding  arbitration in accordance with the commercial rules then
in force of the American  Arbitration  Association  with the proceedings  taking
place in New York, New York before a panel of three (3) arbitrators.

     2.6 All notices and other  communications  under this  Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to the Secured Parties, to:

the addresses set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

                                        4
<PAGE>


If to Terri Wonderly, to:

C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011


with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

If to the Pledgor, to:

Online Processing, Inc.
1295 South Lewis Street
Anaheim, CA 92805


If to the Escrow Agent, to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017


     2.7 By signing this Agreement, the Escrow Agent becomes a party hereto only
for the purpose of this  Agreement;  the Escrow Agent does not become a party to
the Transaction Documents.

     2.8 Each party  acknowledges  and agrees that this  Agreement  shall not be
deemed prepared or drafted by any one party. In the event of any dispute between
the  parties  concerning  this  Agreement,  the  parties  agree that any rule of
construction,  to the effect that any ambiguity in the language of the Agreement
is to be resolved against the drafting party, shall not apply.

     2.9 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each one of which will
constitute  an original  and all of which taken  together  will  constitute  one
document.  This Agreement may be executed by delivery of a signed signature page
by fax to the other  parties  hereto and such fax execution and delivery will be
valid in all respects.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first written above.

                              SIGNTURE PAGE FOLLOWS

                                        5
<PAGE>


SECURED PARTIES:


/s/ Roger Henely
------------------------------------
         Roger Henely

/s/ Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.
------------------------------------
         Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.

/s/ William R. Shroyer
------------------------------------
         William R. Shroyer

/s/ Thomas A. Brewer
------------------------------------
         Thomas A. Brewer

/s/ Richard R. Holm
------------------------------------
         Richard R. Holm



Partners Resources, LLC


By:
   ---------------------------------


/s/ Peter Bowthorpe
------------------------------------
         Peter Bowthorpe

/s/ Joel A. Shapiro
------------------------------------
         Joel A. Shapiro

/s/ Patrick Shane
------------------------------------
         Patrick Shane

/s/ Barry Alexander
------------------------------------
         Barry Alexander



                                        6
<PAGE>


/s/ Mitchell J. Weiner
------------------------------------
         Mitchell J. Weiner

/s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
------------------------------------
         Richard H. Rosenblum




PLEDGOR:


Online Processing, Inc.


By:
   ---------------------------------

AGENT:

KAUFMAN, FEINER, YAMIN, GILDIN &
ROBBINS LLP


By /s/ Richard H. Rosenblum
   ---------------------------------
         Richard H. Rosenblum


/s/ Terri Wonderly
------------------------------------
         Terri Wonderly


                                        7
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A

Secured Party                        CFS Shares
-------------                        ----------
                                     to be issued upon default
                                     -------------------------

Roger Henly                                 20,300
530 Abenida Victoria #F
San Clemente, CA 92672

Kenneth E. Bailey, Jr.                         504
P.O. Box  164
Kenwood, CA  95452

William R. Shroyer                             504
1469 Golf Course Drive
Windsor, CA 94952

Thomas A. Brewer                               504
2320 Gads Hill Street
Santa Rosa, CA 95401

Richard R. Holm                                504
208 Chicago Avenue North
Wayzata, MN 55391

Partners Resources LLC                       2,030
5973 Avenida Encinas, Suite 316
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Peter Bowthorpe                             12,993
6 The Homestead
Sea Road, East Preston,
Little Hampton
West Sussex BN1616W, United Kingdom

Joel A. Shapiro                             10,815
65 Shrewsbury Road
Livingston, NJ 07039

Patrick Shane                               10,815
601 Lake Avenue
Altamonte Springs, FL 32701

Barry Alaxander                              2,604
33948 N. 81ST STREET
SCOTTSDSALE, AZ. 85262

                                        8
<PAGE>


Mitchell J. Weiner                           3,864
2005 Ocean Walk Terrace
Townhouse 310
Lauderdale by the Sea, FL 33062

Richard H. Rosenblum                         1,831
122 Marlborough Road
Scarborough, New York 10510


                                        9
<PAGE>

                                OPTION AGREEMENT

         This option agreement (the "Agreement")  dated as of February 28, 2003,
is entered into by and between  Online  Processing,  Inc., a Nevada  corporation
(the "Company") and Terri Wonderly ("Option Holder").

                                    Recitals
                                    --------

     A. Option  Holder is the owner of 410,000  shares of the  Company's  common
stock, par value $.001 (the "Shares").

     B. The Company desires to grant Option Holder the option to sell the Shares
to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     Now therefore,  in consideration of the premise and the mutual promises and
covenants  contained herein and subject  specifically to the conditions  hereof,
and intending to be legally bound thereby, the parties agree as follows:


1. Grant of Option.
-------------------
     The  Company  hereby  grants to the  Option  Holder,  the right and  option
(hereinafter  called the Option),  to require the Company to buy all or any part
of an aggregate  of 410,000  Shares of the  Company's  common stock (such number
being  subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph 6 hereof) on the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

     2. Purchase Price.
     ------------------
     The purchase  price of the shares of the Common Stock covered by the Option
shall be $.61 per share (such price being  subject to  adjustment as provided in
paragraph 6 hereof).

     3. Term of Option.
     ------------------
     The term of this  Option  shall be three  (3)  years  from the date of this
grant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  this Option shall immediately expire and
be of no  further  force and  effect  upon the  exercise  of all of the  options
granted by Option Holder to those certain holders (the "Call  Options"),  copies
of which are attached hereto as Exhibit A.

     4. Vesting.
     -----------
     The  Options  shall vest and become  exercisable  in full 366 days from the
date of this Agreement.


     5. Payment.
     -----------
     The purchase  price of the Shares as to which the Option shall be exercised
shall be paid in full by check,  money order or wire transfer,  at the option of
the Option  Holder,  to the address set forth in Section 8 and all such payments
shall be made payable to to:

                  T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
                  Attorney IOLTA Account F/B/O
                  Terri Wonderly
                  Compass Bank
                  Arlington, TX
                  ABA No. 113010547
                  Account No. 70364360


<PAGE>


     6. Changes in Capital Structure.
     --------------------------------
     If all or any portion of the Option  shall be exercised  subsequent  to any
stock dividend,  stock  split-up,  recapitalization,  reclassification,  merger,
consolidation, combination or exchange of shares, separation, reorganization, or
liquidation  occurring after the date hereof, as a result of which shares of the
Company's  common stock  holdings  shall be changed into the same or a different
number of shares of the same or another class or classes of stock, the price per
share to paid by the Company to the Option  Holder upon  exercise of the Option,
shall  be  appropriately  adjusted  so as to  account  for  such  change  in the
Company's  capital  structure.  In no event shall the Company be required to pay
more than $250,100 in the aggregate  for the Shares,  as adjusted,  or shall the
Option  Holder be paid less  than  $250,100  upon  exercise  of the full  Option
granted herein.

     7. Method of Exercising Option.
     -------------------------------
     Subject  to the terms and  conditions  of this  Option,  the  Option may be
exercised by written notice to the Company's  Treasurer,  in accordance with the
provisions of Section 8 herein,  presented any time prior to termination of this
Option.  The  exercise  date  will be the  date  of the  written  notice  to the
Treasurer.  Such notice  shall state the election to exercise the Option and the
number of Shares in respect of which it is being  exercised  and shall be signed
by the person or persons so  exercising  the  Option.  Accompanying  such notice
shall be certificates  representing such number of Shares of the common stock of
the  Company as are then being sold to the Company  pursuant to the  exercise of
the Option,  which  certificates  shall be duly endorsed or  accompanied by duly
exercised stock powers transferring such Shares to the Company.

     8. Notices.
     -----------
     All  notices  and other  communications  under  this  Agreement  must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been given only if  delivered in person or by
internationally  recognized  commercial  courier  service such as UPS or Federal
Express, as follows:

If to Option Holder, to:


Terri Wonderly
C/O T. Alan Owen & Associates, P.C.
1112 East Copland Road, Suite 420
Arlington, TX 76011


with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Louis E. Taubman, Esq.
Law Offices of Louis E. Taubman, P.C.
225 Broadway, Suite 1200
New York, NY 10007

                                        2
<PAGE>


If to the Company to:

Communications Field Services, Inc.
295 South Lewis Street
Anaheim, California 92805

Attn: Peter Bothorpe

with a copy which shall not constitute notice to:

Richard H. Rosenblum, Esq.
Kaufmann, Feiner, Yamin, Gildin and Robbins LLP
777 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017


     9. Disclaimer.
     --------------
     The  Company  will not  advise  Option  Holder  as to the tax  consequences
resulting  from the  execution  of the  designated  options.  It is  solely  the
responsibility  of the Option  Holder to consult  with the Option  Holder's  tax
and/or  financial  advisors  regarding any financial or tax liabilities that may
result due to the execution of the designated Options.

                                        3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
