<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4.57
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>y83810exv99w4w57.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 4.57

                               CanWest Media Inc.

January 8, 2003

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL
----------------------

Mr. D. Babick
3 Fidelia Avenue
Toronto, Ontario
M4N 3E7

Dear Don:

Subject:  Cessation and Transitional Matters

The following describes the agreement CanWest Publications Inc. (formerly
Southam Publications Inc.) (the "Company") and you have reached regarding the
cessation of your employment and the related transitional matters.

1.   On or about the week of January 27, 2003 or such later date as determined
     by the Company, as part of a larger announcement in respect of the
     restructuring of the management of CanWest's Canadian media operations, we
     will jointly announce your departure from the Company effective April 30,
     2003. Notwithstanding that you will receive the termination benefits
     described in this letter, both you and the Company will describe your
     departure from the Company as a decision on your part to "retire".

2.   As of the date of the announcement in paragraph 1 above, you will
     relinquish your position as President & Chief Operating Officer of the
     Company and be appointed as Special Advisor to the Chief Operating Officer
     (Rick Camilleri).

3.   Your base salary, benefits, vacation entitlement and perquisites will
     continue for the balance of the notice period to April 30, 2003, at their
     current levels; i.e., a base salary of $600,000 per annum and the benefits
     and perquisites described in your employment letter of February 12, 2002 in
     paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 6, and paragraph 8 as it pertains to adjustment of
     your base salary.

4.   In addition, notwithstanding the date of your retirement being April 30,
     2003, the Company will only continue to:

     (a)  pay monthly your base salary of $50,000 per month for the period from
          May 1, 2003 to November 30, 2004;

     (b)  provide you with group benefits under the Company's plan, other than
          long-term disability, to November 30, 2004; and

     (c)  lease for your use, your current Company vehicle at $1,186 per month
          and reimburse you for operating expenses (maintenance and fuel);
          provided however,





<PAGE>
          that in the event that the lease for your vehicle expires prior to
          November 30, 2004, in lieu of leasing a vehicle for you, the Company
          will provide you with a monthly car allowance of $1,186 and reimburse
          you for operating expenses (maintenance and fuel) applicable to any
          replacement vehicle you may lease or purchase until November 30, 2004.

5.   Your financial incentive for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2003 will be
     a fixed amount of $150,000 and will be paid to you on November 30, 2003.

6.   As of May 1, 2003, you will be entitled to receive your SERA annual
     retiring allowance, calculated on the basis described in paragraph 12 of
     your employment letter dated February 12, 2002.

7.   As of May 1, 2003, you will be responsible for any tax liability associated
     with imputed interest in respect of your $560,000 housing loan, or any
     remaining balance thereof (see paragraphs 8 and 9 below), without
     make-whole compensation from CanWest.

8.   You will repay your interest-free housing loan of $560,000 amortized
     annually over a period of not more than ten (10) years from May 1, 2003,
     provided that you continue to own and reside in your current house at 3
     Fidelia Avenue in Toronto. In the event of your death prior to the loan
     being repaid in full, the principal amount of the loan outstanding at the
     time of your death will become repayable in full ninety (90) days
     thereafter. CanWest will continue to hold a second mortgage on the property
     in question until the housing loan is repaid in full. Alternatively, should
     you repay in full the housing loan on or prior to May 1, 2003, then the
     Company will pay to you on November 30, 2004, a financial incentive for the
     fiscal year ending August 31, 2004 in the fixed amount of $150,000.

9.   Should you sell your current residence at any point on or after May 1, 2003
     and have not, prior to that date, repaid in full the housing loan, you may
     elect to repay the then remaining principal amount of your housing loan
     over a period of no more than three (3) years from the date of sale of your
     residence at 3 Fidelia Avenue. In the event that you elect not to repay in
     full on closing of the sale of your residence the then remaining principal
     amount of your housing loan, you and CanWest will agree to an annual
     amortization schedule for the then remaining principal amount of the loan
     over a period of not more than three (3) years, with the principal
     repayments to be set off against the SERA pension payments otherwise due to
     you over that period. In the event of your death prior to the loan being
     repaid in full, the principal amount of the loan outstanding at the time of
     your death will become payable in full ninety (90) days thereafter.

10.  For the period from December 1, 2002 to November 30, 2004, you will agree
     not to seek or accept employment or a business consultancy assignment with
     any other newspaper organization within Canada without prior written
     consent of the Company.

11.  You will continue to be bound by your covenant of confidentiality with the
     Company, both during the period from the date of the announcement referred
     to in paragraph 1 above to April 30, 2003 and during your subsequent
     retirement. You will use your




                                       2
<PAGE>
     reasonable best efforts prior to April 30, 2003 to assist and support the
     Company and its COO in the Company's restructuring efforts in respect of
     its Canadian operations. Further, either during the period prior to April
     30, 2003 or during your subsequent retirement, you will not make any
     disparaging remarks in respect of the Company, its proprietors, directors
     or management or with respect to the Company's restructuring efforts in
     respect of its Canadian operations during either period.

12.  The foregoing shall supersede, and be paid to you in lieu of, all other
     claims and amounts (other than arising pursuant to entitlements in respect
     of your SERA annual retiring allowance) associated with your ceasing to be
     an employee of CanWest Publications Inc. (formerly Southam Publications
     Inc.).

13.  The parties agree to keep confidential all of the terms and conditions of
     this letter agreement, provided that you may disclose same to your legal
     and financial advisors and members of your immediate family. You agree to
     ensure that any such advisors and family members understand their
     obligation to maintain the confidentiality of these terms and conditions.

14.  Except as noted above, no other benefits, bonuses, payments or allowances
     will be paid to you by the Company.

15.  In consideration of the performance by the parties set out in this letter
     agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties,
     the parties hereby release and forever discharge each other and, where
     applicable, their respective corporate parents, subsidiaries, affiliates
     and their respective officers, directors and employees, assigns, heirs and
     executors of and from all claims and demands whatsoever, including damages,
     loss or injury not now known or anticipated, which may arise in the future,
     and all effects and consequences thereof and including any statutory claims
     whatsoever, howsoever and wherever arising, which they now have, ever had
     or hereafter can have in relation to your employment (excluding all rights
     and claims under the SERA or your rights of claims under the Basic Pension
     Plan).

If the foregoing is acceptable to you, kindly indicate your acceptance by
signing and returning to me the duplicate copy of this letter agreement.  In
accepting this letter agreement, you acknowledge having received independent
legal advice or having been given the opportunity to obtain same and having
waived such opportunity.



                                       3
<PAGE>


We wish you sincere good luck in your future endeavours.

Sincerely.



CANWEST MEDIA INC. ON BEHALF
OF CANWEST PUBLICATIONS INC.



Thomas Strike
Chief Operating Officer (Corporate)

The above terms and conditions are hereby acknowledged and accepted
this ____ day of January, 2003.


 /s/ DONALD BABICK
------------------------------
Donald Babick



                                       4






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
