<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE 12-06-2002
<TEXT>
CORTEX ANNOUNCES  SHIFT IN CORE BUSINESS INITIATIVES.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 6th , 2002 (BUSINESS WIRE) - Cortex Systems, Inc.
(OTC-BB: CTXY, the Company) today announced that simultaneous with closing of
a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA)* between its majority shareholders and Mr.
Shane Lowry, it expects to make a series of changes to the Companys Board
of Directors and Senior Management team to help dramatically redefine the
Companys core business initiatives and market focus*. The text of the SPA,
including all terms and conditions of closing, have been disclosed in an
8-k filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and may
be viewed through the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov.

Pursuant to certain terms of the SPA, the Company expects to implement
the following changes: Dr. Ingrid C. Friesen, director, secretary, and
treasurer of the Company will voluntarily resign each of her positions.
Kenneth H. Finkelstein will remain as a director of the Company but
resign his position as president. Dr. Andrew Willoughby is to be
appointed to the office of president and chairman of the board of
directors. Mr. Shane Lowry is to be appointed to the office of treasurer
and a member of the board of directors.  Mr. Donald Walker is to be
appointed to the office of secretary and a member of the board of
directors*.

In reference to the Companys news release dated November 27, 2002:
The Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) is between the two majority shareholders
of the Company and a third party; the Company is not a party to the SPA,
however, Cardinal Capital Management, Inc. has committed to raising funds
for Elasticated Adhesive Technologies, Inc. ("E.A.T.")*.  The Companys
new Board of directors plans to reorganize the Companys capital
stockholdings and then acquire 100% of E.A.T's issued and outstanding
Common shares via the process of a Share Exchange Agreement whose
definitive terms are currently being negotiated*.  It is expected that
this Share Exchange Agreement will allow the Company to acquire
EAT's Trans Dermal Intellectual Property Rights and thereby focus
its core business operations on R&D Trans-Dermal drug delivery.

Additionally, EAT is pleased to announce that effective Friday, December 06,
2002, Dr. Mark Gelfer, Physician and entrepreneur; Dr. Jeff Berg, Ph.D.,
recognized pharmaceutical analyst and contributing editor to B.B.I. News,
and Mr. Ken Kirby, VP Sales for Medical Mart Supplies Ltd., will be formally
appointed to EAT's newly formed Scientific Board of Advisors.

 " We are  delighted to be a part of Cortex's anticipated new core business
initiatives, as EAT's Scientific Board of Advisors can clearly identify with
the potential advantages created by the Trans Dermal delivery of products
such as lipid lowering  and hypertensive drugs due to the elimination of
the liver's first pass effect" said Dr. Mark Gelfer, chairperson, EAT's
Scientific Board of Advisors.

About Cardinal Capital Management, Inc: Based in Miami FL, with branch offices
in California, New York, and Pennsylvania, Cardinal Capital is a full-service
broker dealer and registered investment adviser. Cardinal Capital is a member
of the National Association of Securities Dealers  (NASD), Municipal Securities
Rulemaking Board (MSRB), The Securities Investors Protection Corp. (SIPC),
Securities Industry Association (SIA), and Florida Securities Dealers
Association (FSDA).

About Elasticated Adhesive Technologies, Inc. (E.A.T.): Based in
Incline Village, Nevada, EAT is a closely held Nevada corporation that is
in the final stages of negotiating the acquisition of an innovative
series of highly proprietary assets, manufacturing expertise and trade
secrets (the Intellectual Property or  I.P. position)*. After the Share
Exchange Agreement has been completed, E.A.T. plans on utilizing this
unique I.P. position, to develop and commercialize advanced proprietary
Trans Dermal Drug Delivery systems, capable of delivering a much broader
range of Trans Dermal drug compounds [with enhanced safety, efficacy
and therapeutic effect] than is currently available.

Legal Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including
forward-looking statements as that term is defined in Section 27A of
the United States Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.  Statements in this press release which are not
purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements
regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future.
Forward-looking statements in this press release have been identified with
an "*" and include statements regarding:

	(a) the successful closing of the Share Purchase Agreement;
	(b) the successful negotiation, execution and closing of the Share
	Exchange Agreement;
	(c) Cardinal Capital Management, Inc.'s ability to successfully raise one
	million dollars for E.A.T.;
	(d) E.A.T.'s ability to successfully acquire the Trans-Dermal Drug
	Delivery systems and associated manufacturing
      	expertise and trade secrets on commercially attractive terms, if at all;
	(e) the Companys ability to re-focus its business operations on the
	Trans-Dermal Drug Delivery systems; and
	(f) the Companys ability to obtain the resignations and appointments of
	officers and directors of the Company.

It is important to note that the actual outcomes may differ materially
from those contained in the forward-looking statements contained in this
press release.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties such as unforeseen
liabilities, market volatility or other unforeseen facts and circumstances
which may make the parties unable to satisfy the conditions to completion
of the acquisition of Elasticated Adhesive Technologies, Inc.  Although
Cortex believes that the beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions
contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance
that such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to
be accurate.  Readers should refer to the risk disclosures outlined
in Cortexs annual report of Form 10-KSB for the 2002 fiscal year and
the Companys other periodic reports filed from time-to-time with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained
in this press release are made as of the date hereof and the Company does
not assume any obligation to update them or the reasons why actual results
could differ materially from those projected.

	Contact: Kenneth H. Finkelstein
	Tel: 206.310.1344
	E-mail: map@cortex-systems.com

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
