<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>exhibit10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.10


                               COMCAST CORPORATION

                        2002 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH BONUS PLAN



     1. BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE

         Comcast Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, hereby adopts the
Comcast Corporation 2002 Supplemental Cash Bonus Plan (the "Plan"), effective as
of November 18, 2002. The purpose of the Plan is to provide the senior
management of Comcast Corporation (the "Company") and the Company's Affiliates
(as defined below) with an incentive to accomplish such business objectives as
from time to time may be determined by the Committee, including, but not limited
to the integration of the business of the former AT&T Broadband Corp.

     2. DEFINITIONS

         (a) "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other person
that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term
"control," including its correlative terms "controlled by" and "under common
control with," mean, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise.

         (b) "Award" means a cash bonus award granted under the Plan. An Award
shall be expressed as the percentage of a Grantee's base salary payable for a
Plan Year that shall become payable if all of the Targets established by the
Committee are satisfied. The portion of an Award that shall be payable to a
Grantee shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with the rules
established for the Award for each Plan Year. In addition, in the discretion of
the Committee, based on the satisfaction of performance standards as it may
determine, whether or not previously designated as a Target, such additional
amounts as may be determined by the Committee may be included in an Award for a
Plan Year, consistent with the rules of the Plan.

         (c) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

         (d) "Change of Control" means any transaction or series of transactions
as a result of which any Person who was a Third Party immediately before such
transaction or series of transactions owns then-outstanding securities of the
Company such that such Person has the ability to direct the management of the
Company, as determined by the Board in its discretion. The Board may also
determine that a Change of Control shall occur upon the completion of one or
more proposed transactions. The Board's determination shall be final and
binding.



<PAGE>

         (e) "Committee" means the Compensation Committee of the Board or such
other committee of the Board assigned by the Board to administer the Plan.

         (f) "Company" means Comcast Corporation (formerly known as AT&T Comcast
Corporation), a Pennsylvania corporation, including any successor thereto by
merger, consolidation, acquisition of all or substantially all the assets
thereof, or otherwise.

         (g) "Date of Grant" means the date on which an Award is granted.

         (h) "Eligible Employee" means an employee of the Company or an
Affiliate, as determined by the Committee.

         (i) "Grantee" means an Eligible Employee who is granted an Award.

         (j) "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity or organization.

         (k) "Plan" means the Comcast Corporation 2002 Supplemental Cash Bonus
Plan, as set forth herein, and as amended from time to time.

         (l) "Plan Year" means the calendar year.

         (m) "Qualitative Performance Standards" means performance standards
other than Quantitative Performance Standards, including but not limited to
customer satisfaction, management effectiveness, workforce diversity and other
Qualitative Performance Standards relevant to the Company's business, as may be
established by the Committee, and the achievement of which shall be determined
in the discretion of the Committee.

         (n) "Quantitative Performance Standards" means performance standards
such as income, expense, operating cash flow, numbers of customers of or
subscribers for various services and products offered by the Company or a
division, customer service measurements and other objective financial or
service-based standards relevant to the Company's business as may be established
by the Committee.

         (o) "Target" means, for any Plan Year, the Qualitative Performance
Standards and the Quantitative Performance Standards established by the
Committee, in its discretion. Qualitative Performance Standards, Quantitative
Performance Standards and the weighting of such Standards may differ from Plan
Year to Plan Year, and within a Plan Year, may differ among Grantees or classes
of Grantees.

         (p) "Terminating Event" means any of the following events:

                    (i) the liquidation of the Company; or

                    (ii) a Change of Control.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         (q) "Third Party" means any Person, together with such Person's
Affiliates, provided that the term "Third Party" shall not include the Company
or an Affiliate of the Company.

     3. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

         (a) Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.
The Committee shall have the power and duty to do all things necessary or
convenient to effect the intent and purposes of the Plan and not inconsistent
with any of the provisions hereof, whether or not such powers and duties are
specifically set forth herein, and, by way of amplification and not limitation
of the foregoing, the Committee shall have the power to:

                    (i) provide rules and regulations for the management,
operation and administration of the Plan, and, from time to time, to amend or
supplement such rules and regulations;

                    (ii) construe the Plan, which construction, as long as made
in good faith, shall be final and conclusive upon all parties hereto; and

                    (iii) correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile
any inconsistency in the Plan in such manner and to such extent as it shall deem
expedient to carry the same into effect, and it shall be the sole and final
judge of when such action shall be appropriate.

         The resolution of any questions with respect to payments and
entitlements pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be determined by the
Committee, and all such determinations shall be final and conclusive.

         (b) Grants. Subject to the express terms and conditions set forth in
the Plan, the Committee shall have the power, from time to time, to select those
Eligible Employees to whom Awards shall be granted under the Plan, to determine
the amount of cash to be paid pursuant to each Award, and, pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan, to determine the terms and conditions of each Award. The
Committee may delegate to an officer of the Company or committee of two or more
officers of the Company discretion under the Plan to grant an Award to any
employee of the Company or its subsidiaries who, at the time of the grant, has a
base salary of less than $250,000. Such delegation of authority shall continue
in effect until the earliest of (i) such time as the Committee shall, in its
discretion, revoke such delegation of authority, (ii) its delegate shall cease
to be an employee of the Company for any reason or (iii) its delegate shall
notify the Committee that he declines to continue exercise such authority.

         (c) Grantee Information. The Company shall furnish to the Committee in
writing all information the Company deems appropriate for the Committee to
exercise its powers and duties in administration of the Plan. Such information
shall be conclusive for all purposes of the Plan and the Committee shall be
entitled to rely thereon without any investigation thereof; provided, however,
that the Committee may correct any errors discovered in any such information.

     4. ELIGIBILITY

                                      -3-
<PAGE>


         Awards may be granted only to Eligible Employees of the Company and its
Affiliates, as determined by the Committee. No Awards shall be granted to an
individual who is not an Eligible Employee of the Company or an Affiliate of the
Company.

     5. AWARDS

         The Committee may grant Awards in accordance with the Plan. The terms
and conditions of Awards shall be as determined from time to time by the
Committee, consistent, however, with the following:

         (a) Time of Grant. Awards may be granted at any time from the date of
adoption of the Plan by the Board until the Plan is terminated by the Board or
the Committee.

         (b) Non-uniformity of Awards. The provisions of Awards need not be the
same with respect to each Grantee.

         (c) Establishment of Targets and Conditions to Payment of Awards.

                    (i) Awards shall be expressed as a percentage of a Grantee's
Base Salary.

                    (ii) The Committee shall establish such conditions on the
payment of a bonus pursuant to an Award as it may, in its sole discretion, deem
appropriate.

                    (iii) The Award may provide for the payment of Awards in
installments, or upon the satisfaction of Qualitative Performance Standards or
Quantitative Performance Standards, on an individual, divisional or Company-wide
basis, as determined by the Committee.

                    (iv) The Committee shall establish the Targets for each Plan
Year beginning after 2002 no later than 90 days after the first day of the Plan
Year. Each Grantee shall be entitled to receive payment of the Award for Plan
Years beginning after 2002 only after certification by the Committee that the
Targets established by the Committee for such Plan Year have been satisfied. The
Company shall pay the Awards under the Plan to each Grantee as soon as
practicable with respect to each Plan Year.

         (e) Termination of Grantee's Employment.

                    (1) A transfer of an Eligible Employee between two
employers, each of which is the Company or an Affiliate of the Company (a
"Transfer"), shall not be deemed a termination of employment. The Committee may
grant Awards pursuant to which the Committee reserves the right to modify the
calculation of an Award in connection with a Transfer. In general, except as
otherwise provided by the Committee at the time an Award is granted or in
connection with a Transfer, upon the Transfer of a Grantee between divisions
while an Award is outstanding and unexpired, the outstanding Award shall be
treated as having terminated and expired, and a new Award shall be treated as
having been made, effective as of the effective date of the Transfer, for the
portion of the Award which had not expired or been paid, but subject to the
performance and payment conditions applicable generally to Awards for


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

Grantees who are employees of the transferee division, all as shall be
determined by the Committee in an equitable manner.

                    (2) In the event that a Grantee terminates employment with
the Company and its Affiliates, all Awards remaining subject to conditions to
payment shall be forfeited by the Grantee and deemed canceled by the Company.

         (f) Maximum Grant. In no event shall the amount paid to any Grantee
pursuant to an Award for any Plan Year beginning after 2002 exceed $5 million.

         (g) 2002 Awards. Payments authorized by the actions of the Board of
Directors of Comcast Holdings Corporation (formerly known as Comcast Corporation
and, hereinafter, "Old Comcast") taken on July 9, 2002 and November 15, 2002
with respect to the authorization for payment of supplemental cash bonuses
contingent on the completion of the acquisition of AT&T Broadband Corp. by the
Company shall be made pursuant to the Plan.

         (h) Shareholder Approval. The effectiveness of the grants of Awards
under the Plan relating to payments on the satisfaction of the Quantitative
Performance Standards established by the Committee from time to time with
respect to Plan Years beginning after 2002 shall be conditioned on the approval
of the Plan by the Company's shareholders.

     6. TERMINATING EVENTS

         The Committee shall give Grantees at least thirty (30) days' notice
(or, if not practicable, such shorter notice as may be reasonably practicable)
prior to the anticipated date of the consummation of a Terminating Event. The
Committee may, in its discretion, provide in such notice that upon the
consummation of such Terminating Event, any remaining conditions to payment of a
Grantee's Award shall be waived, in whole or in part.

     7. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

         No Awards shall be granted for any period commencing after December 31,
2012. The Plan may be terminated by the Board or the Committee at any time. The
Plan may be amended by the Board or the Committee at any time. No Award shall be
affected by any such termination or amendment without the written consent of the
Grantee.

     8. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         (a) Unsecured Creditor Status. A Grantee entitled to payment of an
Award hereunder shall rely solely upon the unsecured promise of the Company, as
set forth herein, for the payment thereof, and nothing herein contained shall be
construed to give to or vest in a Grantee or any other person now or at any time
in the future, any right, title, interest, or claim in or to any specific asset,
fund, reserve, account, insurance or annuity policy or contract, or other
property of any kind whatever owned by the Company, or in which the Company may
have any right, title, or interest, nor or at any time in the future.

         (b) Non-Assignment of Awards. The Grantee shall not be permitted to
sell, transfer, pledge or assign any amount payable pursuant to the Plan or an
Award, provided

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

that the right to payment under an Award may pass by will or the laws of descent
and distribution.

         (c) Other Company Plans. It is agreed and understood that any benefits
under this Plan are in addition to any and all benefits to which a Grantee may
otherwise be entitled under any other contract, arrangement, or voluntary
pension, profit sharing or other compensation plan of the Company, whether
funded or unfunded, and that this Plan shall not affect or impair the rights or
obligations of the Company or a Grantee under any other such contract,
arrangement, or voluntary pension, profit sharing or other compensation plan.

         (d) Separability. If any term or condition of the Plan shall be invalid
or unenforceable to any extent or in any application, then the remainder of the
Plan, with the exception of such invalid or unenforceable provision, shall not
be affected thereby, and shall continue in effect and application to its fullest
extent.

         (e) Continued Employment. Neither the establishment of the Plan, any
provisions of the Plan, nor any action of the Committee shall be held or
construed to confer upon any Grantee the right to a continuation of employment
by the Company. The Company reserves the right to dismiss any employee
(including a Grantee), or otherwise deal with any employee (including a Grantee)
to the same extent as though the Plan had not been adopted.

         (f) Incapacity. If the Committee determines that a Grantee is unable to
care for his affairs because of illness or accident, any benefit due such
Grantee under the Plan may be paid to his spouse, child, parent, or any other
person deemed by the Committee to have incurred expense for such Grantee
(including a duly appointed guardian, committee, or other legal representative),
and any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the Company's obligation
hereunder.

         (g) Withholding. The Company shall withhold the amount of any federal,
state, local or other tax, charge or assessment attributable to the grant of any
Award or lapse of restrictions under any Award as it may deem necessary or
appropriate, in its sole discretion.

     9. GOVERNING LAW

         The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the
Plan shall be governed in accordance with Pennsylvania law.


     10. EFFECTIVE DATE

         The effective date of the Plan is November 18, 2002.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                           COMCAST CORPORATION



                                           BY:__________________________________



                                           ATTEST:______________________________




                                      -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
