<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exhibit10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.4


                               COMCAST CORPORATION
                         2002 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                          ARTICLE 1 - COVERAGE OF PLAN

     1.1. Continuation of Plan.
          --------------------
     Comcast Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, hereby amends and restates
the Comcast Corporation 2002 Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Plan"), effective
February 26, 2003. The Plan was initially adopted effective February 12, 1974
and was amended and restated effective August 15, 1996, June 21, 1999, December
19, 2000, October 26, 2001, April 29, 2002, July 9, 2002 and November 18, 2002.

     1.2. Plan Unfunded and Limited to Outside Directors and Select Group of
          ------------------------------------------------------------------
Management or Highly Compensated Employees.
------------------------------------------
     The Plan is unfunded and is maintained primarily for the purpose of
providing outside directors and a select group of management or highly
compensated employees the opportunity to defer the receipt of compensation
otherwise payable to such outside directors and eligible employees in accordance
with the terms of the Plan.

                            ARTICLE 2 - DEFINITIONS

     2.1. "Account"
          ---------
     means the bookkeeping accounts established pursuant to Section 5.1 and
maintained by the Administrator in the names of the respective Participants, to
which all amounts deferred and earnings allocated under the Plan shall be
credited, and from which all amounts distributed pursuant to the Plan shall be
debited.

     2.2. "Active Participant" means:
           -----------------

               (a) Each Participant who is in active service as an Outside
Director; and

               (b) Each Participant who is actively employed by a Participating
Company as an Eligible Employee.

     2.3. "Administrator" means the Committee.
           -------------

     2.4. "Affiliate"
           ---------
                  means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "control,"
including its correlative terms "controlled by" and "under common control with,"
mean, with respect to any Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

     2.5. "Annual Rate of Pay"
           ------------------
               means, as of any date, an employee's annualized base pay rate. An
employee's Annual Rate of Pay shall not include sales commissions or other
similar payments or awards.

     2.6. "Applicable Interest Rate" means:
           ------------------------

<PAGE>


               (a) Except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.6(b) or (c), the
Applicable Interest Rate means 12% per annum, compounded annually as of the last
day of the calendar year.

               (b) Except to the extent otherwise required by Section 10.2,
effective for the period extending from a Participant's employment termination
date to the date the Participant's Account is distributed in full, the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may designate the term "Applicable
Interest Rate" for such Participant's Account to mean the lesser of (i) the rate
in effect under Section 2.6(a) or (ii) the Prime Rate plus one percent,
compounded annually as of the last day of the calendar year. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Administrator may delegate its authority to determine the
Applicable Interest Rate under this Section 2.6(b) to an officer of the Company
or committee of two or more officers of the Company.

               (c) Except to the extent otherwise required by Section 10.2, the
Applicable Interest Rate for Severance Pay deferred pursuant to Article 3 shall
be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, provided that the
Applicable Interest Rate shall not be less than the lower of the Prime Rate or
LIBOR, compounded annually as of the last day of the calendar year, nor more
than the rate specified in Section 2.6(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Administrator may delegate its authority to determine the Applicable Interest
Rate under this Section 2.6(c) to an officer of the Company.

     2.7. "Beneficiary"
           -----------
     means such person or persons or legal entity or entities, including, but
not limited to, an organization exempt from federal income tax under section
501(c)(3) of the Code, designated by a Participant or Beneficiary to receive
benefits pursuant to the terms of the Plan after such Participant's or
Beneficiary's death. If no Beneficiary is designated by the Participant or
Beneficiary, or if no Beneficiary survives the Participant or Beneficiary (as
the case may be), the Participant's Beneficiary shall be the Participant's
Surviving Spouse if the Participant has a Surviving Spouse and otherwise the
Participant's estate, and the Beneficiary of a Beneficiary shall be the
Beneficiary's Surviving Spouse if the Beneficiary has a Surviving Spouse and
otherwise the Beneficiary's estate.

     2.8. "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
           -----
     2.9. "CCCHI" means Comcast Cable Communications Holdings, Inc., formerly
known as AT&T Broadband Corp.

     2.10. "Change of Control"
            -----------------
     means any transaction or series of transactions as a result of which any
Person who was a Third Party immediately before such transaction or series of
transactions owns then-outstanding securities of the Company such that such
Person has the ability to direct the management of the Company, as determined by
the Board in its discretion. The Board may also determine that a Change of
Control shall occur upon the completion of one or more proposed transactions.
The Board's determination shall be final and binding.

     2.11. "CHC"
            ---
         means Comcast Holdings Corporation, formerly known as Comcast
Corporation.

     2.12. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
            ----


<PAGE>

     2.13. "Committee"
            ---------
     means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

     2.14. "Company"
            -------
     means Comcast Corporation (formerly known as AT&T Comcast Corporation), a
Pennsylvania corporation, as successor to CHC, including any successor thereto
by merger, consolidation, acquisition of all or substantially all the assets
thereof, or otherwise.

     2.15. "Company Stock" means:
            -------------

               (a) except as provided in Section 2.15(b), Comcast Corporation
Class A Special Common Stock, par value, $0.01, including a fractional share;
and

               (b) with respect to amounts credited to the Company Stock Fund
pursuant to deferral elections by Outside Directors made pursuant to Section
3.1(a), Comcast Corporation Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01, including a
fractional share;

and such other  securities  issued by Comcast  Corporation  as may be subject to
adjustment in the event that shares of either class of Company Stock are changed
into, or exchanged  for, a different  number or kind of shares of stock or other
securities   of   the   Company,   whether   through   merger,    consolidation,
reorganization,  recapitalization,  stock  dividend,  stock  split-up  or  other
substitution  of securities of the Company.  In such event,  the Committee shall
make appropriate equitable anti-dilution  adjustments to the number and class of
hypothetical  shares of Company Stock credited to  Participants'  Accounts under
the Company Stock Fund.  Any  reference to the term "Company  Stock" in the Plan
shall be a reference to the  appropriate  number and class of shares of stock as
adjusted  pursuant to this Section 2.15.  The  Committee's  adjustment  shall be
effective and binding for all purposes of the Plan.

     2.16. "Company Stock Fund"
            ------------------
               means a hypothetical investment fund pursuant to which income,
gains and losses are credited to a Participant's Account as if the Account, to
the extent deemed invested in the Company Stock Fund, were invested in
hypothetical shares of Company Stock, and all dividends and other distributions
paid with respect to Company Stock were held uninvested in cash, and reinvested
in additional hypothetical shares of Company Stock as of the next succeeding
December 31 (to the extent the Account continues to be deemed invested in the
Company Stock Fund through such December 31), based on the Fair Market Value of
the Company Stock for such December 31.

     2.17. "Compensation" means:
            ------------
               (a) In the case of an Outside Director, the total remuneration
payable in cash or payable in Company Stock (as elected by the Outside Director
pursuant to the Comcast Corporation 2003 Director Compensation Plan) for
services as a member of the Board and as a member of any Committee of the Board;
and

               (b) In the case of an Eligible Employee, the total cash
remuneration for services payable by a Participating Company, excluding sales
commissions or other similar payments or awards.

<PAGE>


     2.18. "Death Tax Clearance Date"
            ------------------------
               means the date upon which a Deceased Participant's or a deceased
Beneficiary's Personal Representative certifies to the Administrator that (i)
such Deceased Participant's or deceased Beneficiary's Death Taxes have been
finally determined, (ii) all of such Deceased Participant's or deceased
Beneficiary's Death Taxes apportioned against the Deceased Participant's or
deceased Beneficiary's Account have been paid in full and (iii) all potential
liability for Death Taxes with respect to the Deceased Participant's or deceased
Beneficiary's Account has been satisfied.

     2.19. "Death Taxes"
            -----------
               means any and all estate, inheritance, generation-skipping
transfer, and other death taxes as well as any interest and penalties thereon
imposed by any governmental entity (a "taxing authority") as a result of the
death of the Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary.

     2.20. "Deceased Participant"
            --------------------
               means a Participant whose employment, or, in the case of a
Participant who was an Outside Director, a Participant whose service as an
Outside Director, is terminated by death.

     2.21. "Disabled Participant" means:
            --------------------

               (a) A Participant whose employment or, in the case of a
Participant who is an Outside Director, a Participant whose service as an
Outside Director, is terminated by reason of disability;

               (b) The duly-appointed legal guardian of an individual described
in Section 2.21(a) acting on behalf of such individual.

     2.22. "Eligible Employee" means:
            -----------------

               (a) Each employee of a Participating Company who, as of December
31, 1989, was eligible to participate in the Prior Plan.

               (b) Each employee of a Participating Company who was, at any time
before January 1, 1995, eligible to participate in the Prior Plan and whose
Annual Rate of Pay is $90,000 or more as of both (i) the date on which an
Initial Election is filed with the Administrator and (ii) the first day of each
calendar year beginning after December 31, 1994.

               (c) Each individual who was an employee of an entity that was a
Participating Company in the Plan as of June 30, 2002 and who has an Annual Rate
of Pay of $125,000 as of each of (i) June 30, 2002; (ii) the date on which an
Initial Election is filed with the Administrator and (iii) the first day of each
calendar year beginning after December 31, 2002.

               (d) Each employee of a Participating Company whose Annual Rate of
Pay is $200,000 or more as of both (i) the date on which an Initial Election is
filed with the Administrator and (ii) the first day of the calendar year in
which such Initial Election is filed.

               (e) Each New Key Employee.

<PAGE>


               (f) Each other employee of a Participating Company who is
designated by the Committee, in its discretion, as an Eligible Employee.

Notwithstanding  anything  in the  foregoing  to the  contrary,  for the  period
beginning  November 18, 2002 and ending  December 31, 2002,  each individual who
(x) immediately  preceding his date of hire by a Participating  Company,  was an
employee  of  AT&T  Corp.  and  (y)  is  designated  by  the  Committee,  in its
discretion,  as an eligible New Key Employees pursuant to Section  2.31(a)(iii),
shall be an Eligible Employee.

     2.23. "Fair Market Value"
            -----------------

               (a) If shares of Company Stock are listed on a stock exchange,
Fair Market Value shall be determined based on the last reported sale price of a
share on the principal exchange on which shares are listed on the last trading
day prior to the date of determination; or

               (b) If shares of Company Stock are not so listed, but trades of
shares are reported on the Nasdaq National Market the last quoted sale price of
a share on the Nasdaq National Market on the last trading day prior to the date
of determination.

               (c) If shares of Company Stock are not so listed nor trades of
shares so reported, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in
good faith.

     2.24. "Former Eligible Employee"
            ------------------------
               means an employee of a Participating Company who, as of any
relevant date, does not satisfy the requirements of an "Eligible Employee" but
who previously met such requirements under the Plan or the Prior Plan.

     2.25. "Grandfathered Participant"
            -------------------------
               means an Inactive Participant who, on or before December 31,
1991, entered into a written agreement with the Company to terminate service to
the Company or gives written notice of intention to terminate service to the
Company, regardless of the actual date of termination of service.

     2.26. "Hardship"
            --------
               means a Participant's severe financial hardship due to an
unforeseeable emergency resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or
accident of the Participant, or, a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of
a dependent (as defined by section 152(a) of the Code) of the Participant, or
loss of the Participant's property due to casualty, or other similar and
extraordinary unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond
the control of the Participant. A need to send the Participant's child to
college or a desire to purchase a home is not an unforeseeable emergency. No
Hardship shall be deemed to exist to the extent that the financial hardship is
or may be relieved (a) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or
otherwise, (b) by borrowing from commercial sources on reasonable commercial
terms to the extent that this borrowing would not itself cause a severe
financial hardship, (c) by cessation of deferrals under the Plan, or (d) by
liquidation of the Participant's other assets (including assets of the
Participant's spouse and minor children that are reasonably available to the
Participant) to the extent that this liquidation would not itself cause severe
financial hardship. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the
Participant's resources shall be deemed to include those assets of his spouse
and minor children that are reasonably available to the Participant; however,
property held for the Participant's child under an irrevocable trust or under a
Uniform Gifts to Minors Act custodianship or Uniform Transfers to


<PAGE>

Minors Act custodianship shall not be treated as a resource of the Participant.
The Board shall determine whether the circumstances of the Participant
constitute an unforeseeable emergency and thus a Hardship within the meaning of
this Section. Following a uniform procedure, the Board's determination shall
consider any facts or conditions deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, and
the Participant shall be required to submit any evidence of the Participant's
circumstances that the Board requires. The determination as to whether the
Participant's circumstances are a case of Hardship shall be based on the facts
of each case; provided however, that all determinations as to Hardship shall be
uniformly and consistently made according to the provisions of this Section for
all Participants in similar circumstances.

     2.27. "Inactive Participant"
            --------------------
               means each Participant (other than a Retired Participant,
Deceased Participant or Disabled Participant) who is not in active service as an
Outside Director and is not actively employed by a Participating Company.

     2.28. "Income Fund"
            -----------
               means a hypothetical investment fund pursuant to which income,
gains and losses are credited to a Participant's Account as if the Account, to
the extent deemed invested in the Income Fund, were credited with interest at
the Applicable Interest Rate.

     2.29. "Initial Election"
            ----------------
               means a written election on a form provided by the Administrator,
filed with the Administrator in accordance with Article 3, pursuant to which an
Outside Director or an Eligible Employee may:

               (a) Elect to defer all or any portion of the Compensation payable
for the performance of services as an Outside Director or as an Eligible
Employee (including Severance Pay, to the extent permitted with respect to an
Eligible Employee pursuant to Section 3.2) following the time that such election
is filed; and

               (b) Designate the time of payment of the amount of deferred
Compensation to which the Initial Election relates.

     2.30. "Insider"
            ------
               means an Eligible Employee or Outside Director who is subject to
the short-swing profit recapture rules of section 16(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     2.31. "LIBOR"
            -----
               means the annual London Inter Bank Offered Rate, as published in
the Eastern Edition of The Wall Street Journal, as of a Participant's employment
termination date (or the next preceding business day, if such termination date
is not a business day) and as adjusted as of the last business day preceding the
first day of each calendar year beginning thereafter.

     2.32. "New Key Employee" means:
            ----------------

               (a) For the period beginning November 18, 2002 and ending
December 31, 2002:

                       (i) each employee of a Participating Company, other than
CCCHI or its subsidiaries, who becomes an employee of a Participating Company
and has an Annual Rate of Pay of $200,000 or more as of his employment
commencement date;


<PAGE>


                       (ii) each employee of a Participating Company, other than
CCCHI or its subsidiaries, who has an Annual Rate of Pay that is increased to
$200,000 or more and who, immediately preceding such increase, was not an
Eligible Employee; and

                       (iii) each individual who, immediately preceding his date
of hire by a Participating Company was an employee of AT&T Corp. and who is
specifically designated as a New Key Employee by the Committee, in its
discretion.

               (b) For Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2002, each
employee of a Participating Company:

                       (i) who becomes an employee of a Participating Company
and has an Annual Rate of Pay of $200,000 or more as of his employment
commencement date;

                       (ii) who has an Annual Rate of Pay that is increased to
$200,000 or more and who, immediately preceding such increase, was not an
Eligible Employee

     2.33. "Normal Retirement" means:
            ----------------
               (a) For a Participant who is an employee of a Participating
Company immediately preceding his termination of employment, a termination of
employment that is treated by the Participating Company as a retirement under
its employment policies and practices as in effect from time to time; and

               (b) For a Participant who is an Outside Director immediately
preceding his termination of service, his normal retirement from the Board.

     2.34. "Outside Director"
            ----------------
               means a member of the Board, who is not an employee of a
Participating Company.

     2.35. "Participant"
            -----------
               means each individual who has made an Initial Election, or for
whom an Account is established pursuant to Section 5.1, and who has an
undistributed amount credited to an Account under the Plan, including an Active
Participant, a Deceased Participant and an Inactive Participant.

     2.36. "Participating Company" means:
            ---------------------

               (a) The Company;

               (b) CHC;

               (c) Comcast Cable Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries;

               (d) Comcast International Holdings, Inc.;

               (e) Comcast Online Communications, Inc.;

               (f) Comcast Business Communications, Inc.;


<PAGE>


               (g) CCCHI and its subsidiaries; and

               (h) Any other entities that are subsidiaries of the Company as
designated by the Committee in its sole discretion.

     2.37. "Person"
            ------
               means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity or organization.

     2.38. "Plan"
            ----
          means the Comcast Corporation 2002 Deferred Compensation Plan,
as set forth herein, and as amended from time to time.

     2.39. "Prime Rate"
            ----------
               means the annual rate of interest identified by PNC Bank as its
prime rate as of a Participant's employment termination date and as of the first
day of each calendar year beginning thereafter.

     2.40. "Prior Plan"
            ----------
               means the Comcast Corporation 1996 Deferred Compensation Plan, as
in effect immediately preceding the amendment, restatement and renaming of the
Plan as the Comcast Corporation 2002 Deferred Compensation Plan.

     2.41. "Retired Participant"
            -------------------
               means a Participant who has terminated service pursuant to a
Normal Retirement.

     2.42. "Severance Pay"
            -------------
               means any amount that is payable in cash and is identified by a
Participating Company as severance pay, or any amount which is payable on
account of periods beginning after the last date on which an employee (or former
employee) is required to report for work for a Participating Company.

     2.43. "Subsequent Election"
            -------------------
               means a written election on a form provided by the Administrator,
filed with the Administrator in accordance with Article 3, pursuant to which a
Participant or Beneficiary may elect to defer (or, in limited cases, accelerate)
the time of payment or to change the manner of payment of amounts previously
deferred in accordance with the terms of a previously made Initial Election or
Subsequent Election.

     2.44. "Surviving Spouse"
            ----------------
               means the widow or widower, as the case may be, of a Deceased
Participant or a Deceased Beneficiary (as applicable).

     2.45. "Terminating Event" means either of the following events:
            -----------------

               (a) the liquidation of the Company; or

               (b) a Change of Control.

     2.46. "Third Party"
            -----------
               means any Person, together with such Person's Affiliates,
provided that the term "Third Party" shall not include the Company or an
Affiliate of the Company.

<PAGE>


                  ARTICLE 3 - INITIAL AND SUBSEQUENT ELECTIONS

     3.1. Elections.
     --------------

               (a) Initial Elections.
                   -----------------
                Each Outside Director and Eligible Employee shall have the right
to defer all or any portion of the Compensation (including bonuses, if any, and,
in the case of Outside Directors, including any portion of an Outside Director's
Compensation payable in the form of Company Stock) that he would otherwise be
entitled to receive in a calendar year by filing an Initial Election at the time
and in the manner described in this Article 3; provided that Severance Pay shall
be included as "Compensation" for purposes of this Section 3.1 only to the
extent permitted, and subject to such rules regarding the length of any initial
deferral period and subsequent deferral period, if any, established by the
Administrator in its sole discretion. The Compensation of such Outside Director
or Eligible Employee for a calendar year shall be reduced in an amount equal to
the portion of the Compensation deferred by such Outside Director or Eligible
Employee for such calendar year pursuant to such Outside Director's or Eligible
Employee's Initial Election. Such reduction shall be effected on a pro rata
basis from each periodic installment payment of such Outside Director's or
Eligible Employee's Compensation for the calendar year (in accordance with the
general pay practices of the Participating Company), and credited, as a
bookkeeping entry, to such Outside Director's or Eligible Employee's Account in
accordance with Section 5.1. Amounts credited to the Accounts of Outside
Directors in the form of Company Stock shall be credited to the Company Stock
Fund and credited with income, gains and losses in accordance with Section
5.2(c).

               (b) Subsequent Elections.
                   --------------------
               Each Participant or Beneficiary shall have the right to elect to
defer (or, in limited cases, accelerate) the time of payment or to change the
manner of payment of amounts previously deferred in accordance with the terms of
a previously made Initial Election pursuant to the terms of the Plan by filing a
Subsequent Election at the time, to the extent, and in the manner described in
this Article 3.

     3.2. Filing of Initial Election:
          --------------------------
               General. An Initial Election shall be made on the form provided
by the Administrator for this purpose. Except as provided in Section 3.3, no
such Initial Election shall be effective unless it is filed with the
Administrator on or before December 31 of the calendar year preceding the
calendar year to which the Initial Election applies; provided that an Initial
Election with respect to Severance Pay shall not be effective unless it is filed
within 30 days following the date of written notification to an Eligible
Employee from the Administrator or its duly authorized delegate of such Eligible
Employee's eligibility to defer Severance Pay.

     3.3. Filing of Initial Election by New Key Employees and New Outside
          ---------------------------------------------------------------
Directors.
---------

               (a) New Key Employees.
                   -----------------
               Notwithstanding Section 3.1 and Section 3.2, a New Key Employee
may elect to defer all or any portion of his Compensation that he would
otherwise be entitled to receive in the calendar year in which the New Key
Employee was employed, beginning with the payroll period next following the
filing of an Initial Election with the Administrator and before the close of
such calendar year by making and filing the Initial Election with the
Administrator within 30 days of such New Key Employee's date of hire or


<PAGE>

within 30 days of the date such New Key Employee first becomes eligible to
participate in the Plan. Any Initial Election by such New Key Employee for
succeeding calendar years shall be made in accordance with Section 3.1 and
Section 3.2.

               (b) New Outside Directors.
                   ---------------------
               Notwithstanding Section 3.1 and Section 3.2, an Outside Director
may elect to defer all or any portion of his Compensation that he would
otherwise be entitled to receive in the calendar year in which an Outside
Director's election as a member of the Board becomes effective (provided that
such Outside Director is not a member of the Board immediately preceding such
effective date), beginning with Compensation payable following the filing of an
Initial Election with the Administrator and before the close of such calendar
year by making and filing the Initial Election with the Administrator within 30
days of the effective date of such Outside Director's election. Any Initial
Election by such Outside Director for succeeding calendar years shall be made in
accordance with Section 3.1 and Section 3.2

     3.4. Calendar Years to which Initial Election May Apply.
          --------------------------------------------------
               A separate Initial Election may be made for each calendar year as
to which an Outside Director or Eligible Employee desires to defer all or any
portion of such Outside Director's or Eligible Employee's Compensation. The
failure of an Outside Director or Eligible Employee to make an Initial Election
for any calendar year shall not affect such Outside Director's or Eligible
Employee's right to make an Initial Election for any other calendar year.

               (a) Initial Election of Distribution Date.
                   -------------------------------------
               Each Outside Director or Eligible Employee shall,
contemporaneously with an Initial Election, also elect the time of payment of
the amount of the deferred Compensation to which such Initial Election relates;
provided, however, that, subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 3.5(e) or
(f), Section 3.7, Section 7.1, 7.2, or Article 8, no distribution may commence
earlier than January 2nd of the second calendar year beginning after the date
the Initial Election is filed with the Administrator, nor later than January 2nd
of the eleventh calendar year beginning after the date the Initial Election is
filed with the Administrator. Further, each Outside Director or Eligible
Employee may select with each Initial Election the manner of distribution in
accordance with Article 4.

     3.5. Subsequent Elections.
          --------------------

               (a) Active Participants.
                   -------------------
               Each Active Participant, who has made an Initial Election, or who
has made a Subsequent Election, may elect to change the manner of distribution
or defer the time of payment of any part or all of such Participant's Account
for a minimum of two and a maximum of ten additional years from the
previously-elected payment date, by filing a Subsequent Election with the
Administrator on or before the close of business on June 30 of the calendar year
preceding the calendar year in which the lump-sum distribution or initial
installment payment would otherwise be made. The number of Subsequent Elections
under this Section 3.5(a) shall not be limited.

               (b) Inactive Participants.
                   ---------------------
               The Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, permit an
Inactive Participant to make a Subsequent Election to change the manner of
distribution, or defer the time of payment of any part or all of such Inactive
Participant's Account for a minimum of two years and a maximum of ten additional
years from the

<PAGE>

previously-elected payment date, by filing a Subsequent Election with the
Administrator on or before the close of business on June 30 of the calendar year
preceding the calendar year in which the lump-sum distribution or initial
installment payment would otherwise be made. The number of Subsequent Elections
under this Section 3.5(b) shall be determined by the Committee in its sole and
absolute discretion.

               (c) Surviving Spouses.
                   -----------------

                       (i) General Rule.
                           ------------
                       A Surviving Spouse who is a Deceased Participant's
Beneficiary may elect to change the manner of distribution, or defer the time of
payment, of any part or all of such Deceased Participant's Account the payment
of which would be made neither within six (6) months after, nor within the
calendar year of, the date of such election. Such election shall be made by
filing a Subsequent Election with the Administrator in which the Surviving
Spouse shall specify the change in the manner of distribution or the change in
the time of payment, which shall be no less than two nor more than ten years
from the previously-elected payment date, or such Surviving Spouse may elect to
defer payment until such Surviving Spouse's death. A Surviving Spouse may make a
total of two (2) Subsequent Elections under this Section 3.5(c)(i), with respect
to all or any part of the Deceased Participant's Account. Subsequent Elections
pursuant to this Section 3.5(c)(i) may specify different changes with respect to
different parts of the Deceased Participant's Account.

                       (ii) Exception.
                            ---------
                       Notwithstanding the above Section 3.5(c)(i), a Subsequent
Election may be made by a Surviving Spouse within sixty (60) days of the
Deceased Participant's death; provided, however, such election may only be made
with respect to amounts which would not be paid under the Deceased Participant's
election as in effect on the date of the Deceased Participant's death until a
date which is at least six (6) months from the Deceased Participant's date of
death. Such election shall be made by filing a Subsequent Election with the
Administrator in which the Surviving Spouse shall specify the change in the
manner of distribution or the change in the time of payment, which shall be no
less than two (2) nor more than ten (10) years from the previously-elected
payment date, or such Surviving Spouse may elect to defer payment until such
Surviving Spouse's death. A Surviving Spouse may only make one (1) Subsequent
Election under this Section 3.5(c)(ii) with respect to all or any part of the
Deceased Participant's Account. Such Surviving Spouse may, however, make one
additional Subsequent Election under Section 3.5(c)(i) in accordance with the
terms of Section 3.5(c)(i). The one (1) Subsequent Election permitted under this
Section 3.5(c)(ii) may specify different changes for different parts of the
Deceased Participant's Account.

              (d) Beneficiary of a Deceased Participant Other Than a Surviving
Spouse.           ------------------------------------------------------------
------
                       (i) General Rule.
                           -------------
                       A Beneficiary of a Deceased Participant (other than a
Surviving Spouse) may elect to change the manner of distribution, or defer the
time of payment, of any part or all of such Deceased Participant's Account the
payment of which would be made neither within six (6) months after, nor within
the calendar year of, the date of such election. Such election shall be made by
filing a Subsequent Election with the Administrator in which the Beneficiary
shall specify the change in the manner of distribution or the change in the time
of payment, which shall be no less than two (2) nor more than ten (10) years
from the previously-elected payment date. A Beneficiary may make one (1)
Subsequent


<PAGE>


Election under this Section 3.5(d)(i), with respect to all or any part of the
Deceased Participant's Account. Subsequent Elections pursuant to this Section
3.5(d)(i) may specify different changes for different parts of the Deceased
Participant's Account.

                       (ii) Exception.
                            ---------
                       Notwithstanding the above Section 3.5(d)(i), a Subsequent
Election may be made by a Beneficiary within sixty (60) days of the Deceased
Participant's death; provided, however, such election may only be made with
respect to amounts which would not be paid under the Deceased Participant's
election as in effect on the date of the Deceased Participant's death until a
date which is at least six (6) months from the Deceased Participant's date of
death. Such election shall be made by filing a Subsequent Election with the
Administrator in which the Beneficiary shall specify the change in the manner of
distribution or the change in the time of payment, which shall be no less than
two (2) nor more than ten (10) years from the previously-elected payment date. A
Beneficiary may make one (1) Subsequent Election under this Section 3.5(d)(ii)
with respect to all or any part of the Deceased Participant's Account.
Subsequent Elections pursuant to this Section 3.5(d)(ii) may specify different
changes for different parts of the Deceased Participant's Account.

               (e) Other Deferral and Acceleration by a Beneficiary.
                   ------------------------------------------------
               Any Beneficiary (other than a Surviving Spouse who has made a
Subsequent Election under Section 3.5(c) or a Beneficiary who has made a
Subsequent Election under Section 3.5(d)) may elect to change the manner of
distribution from the manner of distribution in which payment of a Deceased
Participant's Account would otherwise be made, and

                       (i) Defer the time of payment of any part or all of the
Deceased Participant's Account or deceased Beneficiary's Account for one
additional year from the date a payment would otherwise be made or begin
(provided that if a Subsequent Election is made pursuant to this Section
3.5(e)(i), the Deceased Participant's Account or deceased Beneficiary's Account
shall be in all events distributed in full on or before the fifth anniversary of
the Deceased Participant's or a deceased Beneficiary's death); or

                       (ii) Accelerate the time of payment of a Deceased
Participant's Account or deceased Beneficiary's Account from the date or dates
that payment would otherwise be made or begin to the date that is the later of
(A) six (6) months after the date of the Deceased Participant's or deceased
Beneficiary's death and (B) January 2nd of the calendar year beginning after the
Deceased Participant's or deceased Beneficiary's death, provided that if a
Subsequent Election is made pursuant to this Section 3.5(e)(ii), the Deceased
Participant's Account or deceased Beneficiary's Account shall be distributed in
full on such accelerated payment date.

A Subsequent  Election  pursuant to this  Section  3.5(e) must be filed with the
Administrator  within one hundred and twenty (120) days  following  the Deceased
Participant's  or  deceased  Beneficiary's  death.  One and only one  Subsequent
Election  shall be permitted  pursuant to this Section  3.5(e) with respect to a
Deceased Participant's Account or deceased  Beneficiary's  Account,  although if
such Subsequent Election is filed pursuant to Section 3.5(e)(i),  it may specify
different changes for different parts of the Account.

               (f) Disabled Participant.
                   --------------------
               A Disabled Participant (who has not been permitted to make a
Subsequent Election under Section 3.5(h)) may elect to change the form of

<PAGE>


distribution from the form of distribution that the payment of the Disabled
Participant's Account would otherwise be made and may elect to accelerate the
time of payment of the Disabled Participant's Account from the date payment
would otherwise be made to January 2nd of the calendar year beginning after the
Participant became disabled. A Subsequent Election pursuant to this Section
3.5(f) must be filed with the Administrator on or before the close of business
on the later of (i) the June 30 following the date the Participant becomes a
Disabled Participant if the Participant becomes a Disabled Participant on or
before May 1 of a calendar year; (ii) the 60th day following the date the
Participant becomes a Disabled Participant if the Participant becomes a Disabled
Participant after May 1 and before November 2 of a calendar year or (iii) the
December 31 following the date the Participant becomes a Disabled Participant if
the Participant becomes a Disabled Participant after November 1 of a calendar
year.

               (g) Retired Participant.
                   -------------------
               A Retired Participant (who has not been permitted to make a
Subsequent Election under Section 3.5(h)) may elect to change the form of
distribution from the form of distribution that payment of the Retired
Participant's Account would otherwise be made and may elect to defer the time of
payment of the Retired Participant's Account for a minimum of two additional
years from the date payment would otherwise be made (provided that if a
Subsequent Election is made pursuant to this Section 3.5(g), the Retired
Participant's Account shall be distributed in full on or before the fifth
anniversary of the Retired Participant's Normal Retirement). A Subsequent
Election pursuant to this Section 3.5(g) must be filed with the Administrator on
or before the close of business on the later of (i) the June 30 following the
Participant's Normal Retirement on or before May 1 or a calendar year, (ii) the
60th day following the Participant's Normal Retirement after May 1 and before
November 2 of a calendar year or (iii) the December 31 following the
Participant's Normal Retirement after November 1 of a calendar year.

               (h) Retired Participants and Disabled Participants.
                  ------------------------------------------------
               The Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, permit a
Retired Participant or a Disabled Participant to make a Subsequent Election to
change the form of distribution that the payment of the Retired Participant's
account would otherwise be made or to defer the time of payment of any part or
all of such Retired or Disabled Participant's Account for a minimum of two years
and a maximum of ten additional years from the previously-elected payment date,
by filing a Subsequent Election with the Administrator on or before the close of
business on June 30 of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which
the lump-sum distribution or initial installment payment would otherwise be
made. The number of Subsequent Elections under this Section 3.5(h) shall be
determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion.

               (i) Most Recently Filed Initial Election or Subsequent Election
                   -----------------------------------------------------------
Controlling.
-----------
Subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 3.5(e) or 3.5(f),
Section 3.7 or Section 7.1, no distribution of the amounts deferred by a
Participant for any calendar year shall be made before the payment date
designated by the Participant or Beneficiary on the most recently filed Initial
Election or Subsequent Election with respect to each deferred amount.

     3.6.  Distribution  in Full Upon  Terminating  Event.
           ----------------------------------------------
               The Company shall give Participants at least thirty (30) days
notice (or, if not practicable, such shorter notice as may be reasonably
practicable) prior to the anticipated date of the consummation of a Terminating
Event. The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in such notice that
notwithstanding any


<PAGE>


other provision of the Plan or the terms of any Initial Election or Subsequent
Election, upon the consummation of a Terminating Event, the Account balance of
each Participant shall be distributed in full and any outstanding Initial
Elections or Subsequent Elections shall be revoked.

     3.7. Withholding and Payment of Death Taxes.

               (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the
contrary, including but not limited to the provisions of Article 3 and Article
7, or any Initial or Subsequent Election filed by a Deceased Participant or a
Deceased Participant's Beneficiary (for purposes of this Section, the
"Decedent"), the Administrator shall apply the terms of Section 3.7(b) to the
Decedent's Account unless the Decedent affirmatively has elected, in writing,
filed with the Administrator, to waive the application of Section 3.7(b).

               (b) Unless the Decedent affirmatively has elected, pursuant to
Section 3.7(a), that the terms of this Section 3.7(b) not apply:

                       (i) The Administrator shall prohibit the Decedent's
Beneficiary from taking any action under any of the provisions of the Plan with
regard to the Decedent's Account other than the Beneficiary's making of a
Subsequent Election pursuant to Section 3.5;

                       (ii) The Administrator shall defer payment of the
Decedent's Account until the later of the Death Tax Clearance Date and the
payment date designated in the Decedent's Initial Election or Subsequent
Election;

                       (iii) The Administrator shall withdraw from the
Decedent's Account such amount or amounts as the Decedent's Personal
Representative shall certify to the Administrator as being necessary to pay the
Death Taxes apportioned against the Decedent's Account; the Administrator shall
remit the amounts so withdrawn to the Personal Representative, who shall apply
the same to the payment of the Decedent's Death Taxes, or the Administrator may
pay such amounts directly to any taxing authority as payment on account of
Decedent's Death Taxes, as the Administrator elects;

                       (iv) If the Administrator makes a withdrawal from the
Decedent's Account to pay the Decedent's Death Taxes and such withdrawal causes
the recognition of income to the Beneficiary, the Administrator shall pay to the
Beneficiary from the Decedent's Account, within thirty (30) days of the
Beneficiary's request, the amount necessary to enable the Beneficiary to pay the
Beneficiary's income tax liability resulting from such recognition of income;
additionally, the Administrator shall pay to the Beneficiary from the Decedent's
Account, within thirty (30) days of the Beneficiary's request, such additional
amounts as are required to enable the Beneficiary to pay the Beneficiary's
income tax liability attributable to the Beneficiary's recognition of income
resulting from a distribution from the Decedent's Account pursuant to this
Section 3.7(b)(iv);

                       (v) Amounts withdrawn from the Decedent's Account by the
Administrator pursuant to Sections 3.7(b)(iii) and 3.7(b)(iv) shall be withdrawn
from the portions of Decedent's Account having the earliest distribution dates
as specified in Decedent's Initial Election or Subsequent Election; and

<PAGE>



                       (vi) Within a reasonable time after the later to occur of
the Death Tax Clearance Date and the payment date designated in the Decedent's
Initial Election or Subsequent Election, the Administrator shall pay the
Decedent's Account to the Beneficiary.

                       ARTICLE 4 - MANNER OF DISTRIBUTION

     4.1. Manner of Distribution.

               (a) Amounts credited to an Account shall be distributed, pursuant
to an Initial Election or Subsequent Election in either (i) a lump sum payment
or (ii) substantially equal annual installments over a five (5), ten (10) or
fifteen (15) year period or (iii) substantially equal monthly installments over
a period not exceeding fifteen (15) years. Installment distributions payable in
the form of shares of Company Stock shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.

               (b) Notwithstanding any Initial Election or Subsequent Election
or any other provision of the Plan to the contrary: (i) distributions pursuant
to Initial Elections or Subsequent Elections shall be made in one lump sum
payment unless the portion of a Participant's Account subject to distribution,
as of both the date of the Initial Election or Subsequent Election and the
benefit commencement date, has a value of more than $10,000;

                       (ii) following a Participant's termination of employment
for any reason, if the amount credited to the Participant's Account has a value
of $25,000 or less, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, direct that
such amount be distributed to the Participant (or Beneficiary, as applicable) in
one lump sum payment; provided, however, that this Section 4.1(b)(ii) shall not
apply to any amount credited to a Participant's Account until the expiration of
the deferral period applicable under any Initial Election or Subsequent Election
in effect as of April 29, 2002.

     4.2. Determination of Account Balances for Purposes of Distribution.
          --------------------------------------------------------------
     The amount of any distribution made pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be based
on the balances in the Participant's Account on the date of distribution. For
this purpose, the balance in a Participant's Account shall be calculated by
crediting income, gains and losses under the Company Stock Fund and Income Fund,
as applicable, through the date immediately preceding the date of distribution.

                           ARTICLE 5 - BOOK ACCOUNTS

     5.1. Deferred Compensation Account.
          -----------------------------
     A deferred Compensation Account shall be established for each Outside
Director and Eligible Employee when such Outside Director or Eligible Employee
becomes a Participant. Compensation deferred pursuant to the Plan shall be
credited to the Account on the date such Compensation would otherwise have been
payable to the Participant.

     5.2. Crediting of Income, Gains and Losses on Accounts.
          --------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>


               (a) In General.
                   ----------
               Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the
Administrator shall credit income, gains and losses with respect to each
Participant's Account as if it were invested in the Income Fund.

               (b) Investment Fund Elections.
                   -------------------------

                       (i) Except for amounts credited to the Accounts of
Participants who are Outside Directors who have elected to defer the receipt of
Compensation payable in the form of Company Stock, all amounts credited to
Participants' Accounts on and after July 9, 2002 shall be credited with income,
gains and losses as if it were invested in the Income Fund. Each Participant
who, as of July 9, 2002, has all or any portion of his or her Account credited
with income, gains and losses as if it were invested in the Company Stock Fund
may direct, as of December 31, 2002 or the last day of any Plan Year thereafter,
to have all or any portion of the amount credited to the Company Stock Fund
deemed transferred to the Income Fund. No portion of the Participant's Account
credited to the Income Fund may be deemed transferred to the Company Stock Fund.

                       (ii) With respect to amounts credited to Participants'
Accounts through July 9, 2002, investment fund elections shall continue in
effect until revoked or superseded. Except for amounts credited to the Accounts
of Participants who are Outside Directors who have elected to defer the receipt
of Compensation payable in the form of Company Stock, all amounts credited to
Participants' Accounts on and after July 9, 2002 shall be deemed to be invested
in the Income Fund. Except for amounts described in Section 5.2(c),
notwithstanding any investment fund election to the contrary, as of the
valuation date (as determined under Section 4.2) for the distribution of all or
any portion of a Participant's Account that is subject to distribution in the
form of installments described in Section 4.1(a) or (b), such Account, or
portion thereof, shall be deemed invested in the Income Fund (and transferred
from the Company Stock Fund to the Income Fund, to the extent necessary) until
such Account, or portion thereof, is distributed in full.

                       (iii) Investment fund elections under this Section 5.2(b)
shall be effective as of the first day of each calendar year, provided that the
election is filed with the Committee on or before the close of business on
December 31 of the calendar year preceding such calendar year. An Active
Participant may only make an investment fund election with respect to the
Participant's accumulated Account as of December 31, and not with respect to
Compensation to be deferred for a calendar year.

                       (iv) Except for amounts described in Section 5.2(c), if a
Participant ceases to continue in service as an Active Participant, then,
notwithstanding any election to the contrary, such Participant's Account shall
be deemed invested in the Income Fund, effective as of the first day of any
calendar year beginning after such Participant ceases to continue in service as
an Active Participant.

               (c) Outside Director Stock Fund Credits.
                   -----------------------------------
               Amounts credited to the Accounts of Outside Directors in the form
of Company Stock shall be credited with income, gains and losses as if they were
invested in the Company Stock Fund. No portion of such Participant's Account
attributable to amounts credited after December 31, 2002 to the Company

<PAGE>


Stock Fund may be deemed transferred to the Income Fund. Distributions of
amounts credited to the Company Stock Fund with respect to Outside Directors'
Accounts after December 31, 2002 shall be distributable in the form of Company
Stock, rounded to the nearest whole share.

               (d) Timing of Credits.
                   -----------------
               Compensation deferred pursuant to the Plan shall be deemed
invested in the Income Fund on the date such Compensation would otherwise have
been payable to the Participant. Accumulated Account balances subject to an
investment fund election under Section 5.2(b) shall be deemed invested in the
applicable investment fund as of the effective date of such election. The value
of amounts deemed invested in the Company Stock Fund shall be based on
hypothetical purchases and sales of Company Stock at Fair Market Value as of the
effective date of an investment election

     5.3. Status of Deferred Amounts.
          --------------------------
     Regardless of whether or not the Company is a Participant's employer, all
Compensation deferred under this Plan shall continue for all purposes to be a
part of the general funds of the Company.

     5.4. Participants' Status as General Creditors.
          -----------------------------------------
     Regardless of whether or not the Company is a Participant's employer, an
Account shall at all times represent a general obligation of the Company. The
Participant shall be a general creditor of the Company with respect to this
obligation, and shall not have a secured or preferred position with respect to
the Participant's Accounts. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create
an escrow, trust, custodial account or fiduciary relationship of any kind.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed to eliminate any priority or
preferred position of a Participant in a bankruptcy matter with respect to
claims for wages.

            ARTICLE 6 - NO ALIENATION OF BENEFITS; PAYEE DESIGNATION

                  Except as otherwise  required by applicable  law, the right of
any  Participant  or  Beneficiary  to any benefit or  interest  under any of the
provisions  of this  Plan  shall  not be  subject  to  encumbrance,  attachment,
execution,  garnishment,  assignment,  pledge,  alienation,  sale, transfer,  or
anticipation,  either by the voluntary or involuntary  act of any Participant or
any  Participant's  Beneficiary  or by operation of law, nor shall such payment,
right, or interest be subject to any other legal or equitable process.  However,
subject to the terms and  conditions of the Plan, a Participant  or  Beneficiary
may  direct  that any  amount  payable  pursuant  to an  Initial  Election  or a
Subsequent  Election on any date designated for payment be paid to any person or
persons  or  legal  entity  or  entities,  including,  but not  limited  to,  an
organization exempt from federal income tax under section 501(c)(3) of the Code,
instead of to the Participant or Beneficiary.  Such a payee designation shall be
provided to the  Administrator by the Participant or Beneficiary in writing on a
form  provided by the  Administrator,  and shall not be  effective  unless it is
provided  immediately  preceding  the time of  payment.  The  Company's  payment
pursuant  to  such a  payee  designation  shall  relieve  the  Company  and  its
Affiliates of all liability for such payment.

                        ARTICLE 7 - DEATH OF PARTICIPANT

     7.1. Death of Participant.
          -------------------
     A Deceased Participant's Account shall be distributed in accordance with
the last Initial Election or Subsequent Election made by the Deceased

<PAGE>

Participant before the Deceased Participant's death, unless the Deceased
Participant's Surviving Spouse or other Beneficiary timely elects to accelerate
or defer the time or change the manner of payment pursuant to Section 3.5.

7.2.  Designation of Beneficiaries.
      ----------------------------
     Each Participant and Beneficiary shall have the right to designate one or
more Beneficiaries to receive distributions in the event of the Participant's or
Beneficiary's death by filing with the Administrator a Beneficiary designation
on the form provided by the Administrator for such purpose. The designation of a
Beneficiary or Beneficiaries may be changed by a Participant or Beneficiary at
any time prior to such Participant's or Beneficiary's death by the delivery to
the Administrator of a new Beneficiary designation form.

                       ARTICLE 8 - HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS

                  Notwithstanding the terms of an Initial Election or Subsequent
Election,  if,  at the  Participant's  request,  the Board  determines  that the
Participant has incurred a Hardship, the Board may, in its discretion, authorize
the immediate distribution of all or any portion of the Participant's Account.

                           ARTICLE 9 - INTERPRETATION

    9.1. Authority of Committee.
         ----------------------
     The Committee shall have full and exclusive authority to construe,
interpret and administer this Plan and the Committee's construction and
interpretation thereof shall be binding and conclusive on all persons for all
purposes.

     9.2. Claims Procedure.
          ---------------
     If an individual (hereinafter referred to as the "Applicant," which
reference shall include the legal representative, if any, of the individual)
does not receive timely payment of benefits to which the Applicant believes he
is entitled under the Plan, the Applicant may make a claim for benefits in the
manner hereinafter provided.

                  An  Applicant   may  file  a  claim  for  benefits   with  the
Administrator  on a form  supplied by the  Administrator.  If the  Administrator
wholly  or  partially  denies a  claim,  the  Administrator  shall  provide  the
Applicant with a written notice stating:

               (a) The specific reason or reasons for the denial;

               (b) Specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the
denial is based;

               (c) A description of any additional material or information
necessary for the Applicant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such
material or information is necessary; and

               (d) Appropriate information as to the steps to be taken in order
to submit a claim for review.

Written  notice of a denial of a claim shall be  provided  within 90 days of the
receipt  of the  claim,  provided  that  if  special  circumstances  require  an
extension of time for processing  the claim,  the


<PAGE>


Administrator may notify the Applicant in writing that an additional period of
up to 90 days will be required to process the claim.

                  If the Applicant's  claim is denied,  the Applicant shall have
60 days from the date of receipt of written notice of the denial of the claim to
request a review of the denial of the claim by the  Administrator.  Request  for
review of the denial of a claim must be  submitted  in  writing.  The  Applicant
shall  have the  right to review  pertinent  documents  and  submit  issues  and
comments to the  Administrator  in writing.  The  Administrator  shall provide a
written  decision within 60 days of its receipt of the  Applicant's  request for
review,  provided that if special circumstances require an extension of time for
processing the review of the Applicant's claim, the Administrator may notify the
Applicant  in  writing  that an  additional  period  of up to 60 days  shall  be
required to process the Applicant's request for review.

                  It is  intended  that the  claims  procedures  of this Plan be
administered  in  accordance  with  the  claims  procedure  regulations  of  the
Department of Labor set forth in 29 CFR ss. 2560.503-1.

Claims for benefits under the Plan must be filed with the Administrator
at the following address:

                  Comcast Corporation
                  1500 Market Street
                  Philadelphia, PA 19102
                  Attention:  General Counsel

                     ARTICLE 10 - AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION

               10.1. Amendment or Termination.
                     ------------------------
               Except as otherwise provided by Section 10.2, the Company, by
action of the Board or by action of the Committee, shall have the right at any
time, or from time to time, to amend or modify this Plan. The Company, by action
of the Board, shall have the right to terminate this Plan at any time.

               10.2. Amendment of Rate of Credited Earnings.
                     --------------------------------------
               No amendment shall change the Applicable Interest Rate with
respect to the portion of a Participant's Account that is attributable to an
Initial Election or Subsequent Election made with respect to Compensation earned
in a calendar year and filed with the Administrator before the date of adoption
of such amendment by the Board. For purposes of this Section 10.2, a Subsequent
Election to defer the payment of part or all of an Account for an additional
period after a previously-elected payment date (as described in Section 3.5)
shall be treated as a separate Subsequent Election from any previous Initial
Election or Subsequent Election with respect to such Account.

                       ARTICLE 11 - WITHHOLDING OF TAXES

                  Whenever  the  Participating  Company  is  required  to credit
deferred Compensation to the Account of a Participant, the Participating Company
shall have the right to require the  Participant  to remit to the  Participating
Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state and local withholding
tax requirements  prior to the date on which the deferred  Compensation shall be
deemed credited to the Account of the  Participant,  or take any action

<PAGE>


whatever that it deems necessary to protect its interests with respect to tax
liabilities. The Participating Company's obligation to credit deferred
Compensation to an Account shall be conditioned on the Participant's compliance,
to the Participating Company's satisfaction, with any withholding requirement.
To the maximum extent possible, the Participating Company shall satisfy all
applicable withholding tax requirements by withholding tax from other
Compensation payable by the Participating Company to the Participant, or by the
Participant's delivery of cash to the Participating Company in an amount equal
to the applicable withholding tax.

                     ARTICLE 12 - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     12.1. No Right to Continued Employment.
           --------------------------------
     Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring upon any
Participant the right to remain in service as an Outside Director or in the
employment of a Participating Company as an executive or in any other capacity.

     12.2. Expenses of Plan.
           ----------------
     All expenses of the Plan shall be paid by the Participating Companies.

     12.3. Gender and Number.
           ----------------
     Whenever any words are used herein in any specific gender, they shall be
construed as though they were also used in any other applicable gender. The
singular form, whenever used herein, shall mean or include the plural form, and
vice versa, as the context may require.

     12.4. Law Governing Construction.
           --------------------------
     The construction and administration of the Plan and all questions
pertaining thereto, shall be governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and other applicable federal law and, to the
extent not governed by federal law, by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania.

     12.5. Headings Not a Part Hereof.
           --------------------------
     Any headings preceding the text of the several Articles, Sections,
subsections, or paragraphs hereof are inserted solely for convenience of
reference and shall not constitute a part of the Plan, nor shall they affect its
meaning, construction, or effect.

     12.6. Severability of Provisions.
           --------------------------
     If any provision of this Plan is determined to be void by any court of
competent jurisdiction, the Plan shall continue to operate and, for the purposes
of the jurisdiction of that court only, shall be deemed not to include the
provision determined to be void.

                          ARTICLE 13 - EFFECTIVE DATE

                  The effective  date of this  amendment and  restatement of the
Plan shall be February 26, 2003.

<PAGE>


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  COMCAST  CORPORATION has caused this Plan
to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized, and its corporate seal
to be affixed hereto, as of the 26th day of February, 2003.



                              COMCAST CORPORATION




                               BY:
                                     ----------------------------------


                               ATTEST:
                                     ---------------------------------








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
