<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>v87074exv2w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.3
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.3

                                                                       EXHIBIT B


                    ABPM PRIVATE LABEL DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

                                     BETWEEN

                             SPACELABS MEDICAL, INC.

                                       AND

                             SPACELABS BURDICK, INC.

                                                                          Page 1

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.v

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

GENERAL

         This Distribution Agreement is entered on December 31, 2002 by and
         between Spacelabs Medical, Inc., a California corporation having its
         principal executive offices in Redmond, Washington ("MANUFACTURER") and
         Spacelabs Burdick, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal
         executive offices in Deerfield, Wisconsin (referred to herein as
         "DISTRIBUTOR"). The effective date of this Agreement shall be the
         Closing Date contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement dated
         December 23, 2002 among MANUFACTURER, DISTRUBUTOR and certain other
         parties.

         WHEREAS MANUFACTURER manufactures certain medical products and seeks to
         establish a distribution channel in certain territories, and,

         WHEREAS DISTRIBUTOR distributes certain medical products and desires to
         distribute additional products to its customers; and,

         WHEREAS MANUFACTURER desires to appoint DISTRIBUTOR as an authorized
         distributor in certain territories of certain products supplied by
         MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR desires to accept such appointment.

         THEREFORE The parties agree to such appointment upon the following
         terms and conditions:

ARTICLE 1.  DEFINITIONS

         The following terms have the meaning indicated here when used in this
         Agreement:

         "ACCESSORIES" means those Product related accessories, if any, listed
         on SCHEDULE 1.

         "AFFILIATE" means any person, firm, corporation, and other legal
         entity, which controls or is controlled by or under common control with
         either MANUFACTURER or DISTRIBUTOR (as the case may be).

         "DISTRIBUTOR" means Spacelabs Burdick, Inc.

         "MINIMUM ANNUAL PURCHASE QUOTA" means the minimum Product purchase
         requirements set forth on SCHEDULE 2, as amended from time to time
         pursuant to Section 2.4 below.

         "PARTIES" means MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR;

         "PARTY" means MANUFACTURER or DISTRIBUTOR, as the case may be.

         "PRICES" means US$ prices at which MANUFACTURER shall sell Products and
         Accessories to DISTRIBUTOR as set forth in SCHEDULE 1, and shall
         include costs for labeling and packaging, but shall exclude freight,
         duties, taxes and insurance.

         "PRODUCT" means such medical appliances, materials and equipment
         manufactured by MANUFACTURER that are listed on SCHEDULE 1. Products
         shall also include improvements and substitutes to the Products listed
         on SCHEDULE 1, provided that the Prices for such Product improvements
         and substitutes may be greater than the Prices listed on Schedule 1 for
         the Product.

                                                                          Page 2

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         "TARGET QUOTA" means the Product purchase targets set forth on SCHEDULE
         2, as amended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.4 below.

         "SERVICE CONTRACT" means service contracts for after sales servicing by
         MANUFACTURER for Products and Accessories, which Service Contract shall
         be in the form and on the terms and conditions attached to this
         Agreement as EXHIBIT A, as may be revised by MANUFACTURER from time to
         time.

         "TERRITORY" means the countries and locations, and the specific field
         of use, that are set forth in SCHEDULE 3, and includes the Exclusive
         Territory and the Non-Exclusive Territory.

ARTICLE 2.  APPOINTMENT

         2.1 Subject to Section 2.4, MANUFACTURER hereby appoints DISTRIBUTOR as
         the exclusive distributor of the Products and Accessories in the
         Exclusive Territory and as a non-exclusive distributor of the Products
         and Accessories in the Non-Exclusive Territory.

         In addition to the foregoing, DISTRIBUTOR is authorized by MANUFACTURER
         to sell Service Contracts in the Territory in a form provided from time
         to time by MANUFACTURER; provided, that within 14 days after any such
         sale of a Service Contract, DISTRIBUTOR shall notify MANUFACTURER of
         such Service Contract, including the name and address of such customer
         and the Products and Accessories to which the Service Contract relates,
         and shall provide MANUFACTURER with a true and complete copy of the
         Service Contract. MANUFACTURER agrees that MANUFACTURER will be bound
         by the terms of any Service Contract sold by DISTRIBUTOR in accordance
         herewith. MANUFACTURER appoints DISTRIBUTOR as its agent for purposes
         of negotiating and executing such Service Contracts. DISTRIBUTOR shall
         not sell to any customer a Service Contract other than
         contemporaneously with the sale of the specified Products or
         Accessories covered by such Service Contract; provided, however, a
         customer may renew an existing Service Contract prior to its
         expiration. DISTRIBUTOR shall serve as the first point of contact for
         DISTRIBUTOR's customers for service issues.

         2.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall not, directly or indirectly, sell Products or
         Accessories acquired from MANUFACTURER for distribution under this
         Agreement or Service Contracts outside the Territory (including without
         limitation in the Non-Permitted Territory (as set forth on SCHEDULE
         3)). DISTRIBUTOR agrees to purchase all its requirements for the
         Products and the Accessories within the Exclusive Territory exclusively
         from the MANUFACTURER.

         2.3 In order to achieve better coverage of the Territory, DISTRIBUTOR
         shall have the right to appoint local firms as its local distributors
         in the Territory and may sell Products and Accessories, and Service
         Contracts, directly or indirectly through one or more tiers of
         distributors, resellers or contractors; provided, however, no such
         appointment shall relieve DISTRIBUTOR of its obligations and
         liabilities hereunder. The terms and conditions of appointment of local
         distributors and/or sales representatives by DISTRIBUTOR shall in all
         respects be consistent with the rights and obligations herein imposed
         upon DISTRIBUTOR.

                                                                          Page 3

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         2.4. In the event that DISTRIBUTOR fails to meet the Target Quota set
         forth on SCHEDULE 2 for any calendar year, MANUFACTURER shall have the
         right, exercisable in its sole and absolute discretion, to immediately
         terminate DISTRIBUTOR's appointment as MANUFACTURER'S exclusive
         distributor in the Territory, in which case DISTRIBUTOR shall continue
         as a non-exclusive distributor of the Products and Accessories in the
         Territory for the remainder of the term of the Agreement, and Section
         2.1 shall be deemed amended accordingly. In the event that DISTRIBUTOR
         fails to meet the Minimum Annual Purchase Quota for any calendar year,
         MANUFACTURER shall have the right, exercisable in its sole and absolute
         discretion, to immediately terminate this Agreement for material breach
         in accordance with the provisions of Article 6 (without regard for the
         30-day cure provisions in Section 6.1). MANUFACTURER'S rights to
         terminate exclusivity and terminate this Agreement as set forth in this
         Section 2.4 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for any failure by
         DISTRIBUTOR to meet the Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota
         and DISTRIBUTOR will have no liability to MANUFACTURER for failure to
         meet the Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota. DISTRIBUTOR
         shall be deemed to have satisfied the Target Quota or Minimum Annual
         Purchase Quota, as applicable, for a particular year if DISTRIBUTOR
         submits orders (not subsequently cancelled or modified) for the
         applicable quantity of products listed on SCHEDULE 2.

         The Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota set forth on
         SCHEDULE 2 shall be effective for a calendar year. In December of each
         year during the term of this Agreement, MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
         shall use their reasonable good faith efforts to meet and jointly agree
         on an increase to the purchase quantities for the Target Quota and
         Minimum Annual Purchase Quota for the next subsequent calendar year;
         provided, however, that the Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase
         Quota shall increase by a minimum of ten percent (10%) each year. In
         the event that by December 31 of any year MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
         are unable to jointly agree on the increased Target Quota and Minimum
         Annual Purchase Quota for the next subsequent calendar year, the Target
         Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota for the next subsequent
         calendar year shall automatically be fixed at one hundred and ten
         percent (110%) of the Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota
         for the calendar year then ending, and SCHEDULE 2 shall be deemed
         amended accordingly.

         In the event MANUFACTURER exercises its right pursuant to Section 2.4
         to terminate DISTRIBUTOR's exclusive distribution rights, then the
         Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase Quota will no longer apply.

ARTICLE 3.  RELATIONSHIP

         3.1 The relationship of DISTRIBUTOR to MANUFACTURER shall be that of an
         independent contractor engaged in purchasing Products and Accessories,
         and Service Contracts, from MANUFACTURER for resale to DISTRIBUTOR's
         customers.

         3.2 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a
         partnership or joint venture between the Parties. Neither the making
         nor the performance of this Agreement shall be construed in any manner
         to have established a joint venture or partnership.

         3.3 Except with respect to the sale of Service Contracts by
         DISTRIBUTOR, neither Party shall hold itself out as the agent of the
         other, nor shall they incur any indebtedness or

                                                                          Page 4

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         obligations in the name of, or which shall be binding on the other,
         without the prior written consent of the other. Each Party assumes full
         responsibility for its own personnel under laws and regulations of the
         governmental authorities of the competent jurisdiction.

ARTICLE 4.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND DOCUMENTS

         4.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
         MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR regarding the subject matter herein, and
         there are no other understandings, agreements or representations,
         express or implied, written or oral regarding this subject matter that
         are not specified herein.

         4.2 All Schedules and Exhibits attached to the Agreement shall be
         deemed a part of this Agreement and incorporated herein. Terms that are
         defined in this Agreement, and used in any Schedule or Exhibit, have
         the same meaning in the Schedule or Exhibit as in this Agreement. The
         following are hereby made a part of this Agreement:

                           Schedule 1 - Products, Accessories, and Prices
                           Schedule 2 - Target Quota and Minimum Annual Purchase
                                        Quota
                           Schedule 3 - Territory
                           Schedule 4 - General Provisions
                           Schedule 5 - Product Support Requirements
                           Schedule 6 - Labeling of Products

ARTICLE 5.  TERM OF AGREEMENT

         Unless earlier terminated pursuant to other terms hereof, this
         Agreement shall remain in effect until December 31, 2005. The initial
         term shall be automatically extended for additional terms of twelve
         (12) months each, in accordance with the provisions hereof, unless
         either Party shall have provided the other with written notice of its
         desire not to extend the initial term at least twelve (12) months prior
         to the scheduled expiration date of such initial term or any successive
         additional terms. In the event of such expiration or any early
         termination, this Agreement shall continue to apply to all orders
         previously accepted by MANUFACTURER unless cancelled by DISTRIBUTOR
         pursuant to Article 6 or Article 9.2.

ARTICLE 6.  TERMINATION

         6.1 Either party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the
         other party commits a material breach and such breach remains uncured
         for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice.

         6.2 To the extent permitted by law, if either Party becomes insolvent,
         is unable to pay its debts when due, files for bankruptcy, is subject
         of involuntary bankruptcy and such involuntary proceeding is not
         dismissed within ninety (90) days, has a receiver appointed, or has its
         assets assigned, the other Party may terminate this Agreement by giving
         written notice to the other party.

         6.3 DISTRIBUTOR shall immediately cease to be an authorized distributor
         of MANUFACTURER upon the effective date of termination of this
         Agreement. DISTRIBUTOR shall thereafter refrain from representing
         itself as an authorized distributor of MANUFACTURER, except for the
         purpose of selling its then existing

                                                                          Page 5

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         inventory of the Products and Accessories and any Products and
         Accessories purchased from MANUFACTURER under Article 6.4.

         6.4 Upon termination of this Agreement by MANUFACTURER as the result of
         a breach by DISTRIBUTOR, upon the request of MANUFACTURER, DISTRIBUTOR
         shall purchase all Products and Accessories for which firm orders have
         been accepted by MANUFACTURER, as well as any Products and Accessories
         bearing DISTRIBUTOR's branding or otherwise altered expressly for
         DISTRIBUTOR in good faith reliance on any forecasts provided by
         DISTRIBUTOR. In addition, if any materials or other components of any
         Product and Accessory have been manufactured by MANUFACTURER in
         reliance on such forecasts, and such materials or other components are
         customized for DISTRIBUTOR to such an extent that they could not be
         easily incorporated into or reused as part of products sold through
         other channels, DISTRIBUTOR shall purchase such materials and other
         components at MANUFACTURER's costs.

         6.5 Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with or
         without cause by giving at least six (6) months' written notice to the
         other party.

         6.6 Upon termination of this Agreement by DISTRIBUTOR as the result of
         a breach by MANUFACTURER, unless otherwise requested in writing by
         DISTRIBUTOR within five days after delivery of notice of termination
         all outstanding orders for Products and Accessories that have not been
         received by DISTRIBUTOR prior to the effective date of termination will
         be cancelled and DISTRIBUTOR will have no liability in connection
         therewith.

         6.7 The rights and obligations of the parties that have accrued prior
         to termination and the rights and obligations of the parties under
         Articles 6.3, 6.4, 6.6, 6.7, 10.9 (for purposes of exercising the
         rights under 6.3), 14, 17, 20, 21, 22, 24.4, 26 and 27 will survive
         termination or expiration of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 7.  ASSIGNMENT AND MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT

         7.1 During the term of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in
         this Agreement, neither Party may assign, transfer or sublicense this
         Agreement or any of the rights or obligations under this Agreement,
         without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent
         shall not be unreasonably withheld. Either Party may assign this
         Agreement to an Affiliate (a "PERMITTED ASSIGNEE").

         7.2 An assignment for purpose of Article 7.1 shall include any
         transaction including but not limited to, any merger, consolidation or
         purchase of stock that results in a third party who is not a Permitted
         Assignee holding any rights or obligations under this Agreement or a
         third party who is not a Permitted Assignee controlling, directly or
         indirectly, a legal entity that holds any rights or obligations under
         this Agreement. For purpose of this Agreement, the term "control" shall
         mean the beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of fifty per
         cent (50%) or more of voting shares of such entity or pursuant to any
         agreement or understanding by which a third party who is not a
         Permitted Assignee gains effective control of the management or
         decision-making authority of a Party.

         7.3 No sale, assignment or other transfer of any rights of a Party
         hereunder shall be effective unless the purchaser, assignee or
         transferee assumes such Party's obligations under this Agreement.

                                                                          Page 6

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         7.4 Modifications of this Agreement shall be effective and binding only
         if agreed in writing and executed by respective duly authorized
         representative of each of the Parties hereto.

         7.5 Neither Party's failure to exercise any of its rights under this
         Agreement will constitute or be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of those
         rights.

         7.6 The temporary, limited or specific waiver of any term, provision or
         condition of the Agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any
         other term, condition or provision thereof, nor of any subsequent
         breach of the same term, condition or provision.

         7.7 If any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be declared
         illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the
         validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby, and
         the Parties agree to do all such reasonable things and cooperate in all
         reasonable ways open to them to obtain substantially the same results,
         or as much thereof as may be possible, including the amendment or
         alteration of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 8.  PRICES AND PAYMENTS

         8.1 DISTRIBUTOR sets its selling prices for the Products, Accessories
         and Service Contracts at the sole judgment of DISTRIBUTOR. DISTRIBUTOR
         shall compensate MANUFACTURER for the sale of Service Contracts at an
         amount equal to the Price set forth on SCHEDULE 1. DISTRIBUTOR shall
         maintain complete and accurate books and records of all Service
         Contracts, including, without limitation, payments received by
         customers Service Contracts, and MANUFACTURER shall have the right
         during the term of this Agreement during normal business hours and upon
         written notice given reasonably in advance to audit and inspect such
         books and records to confirm the sales of Service Contracts and
         payments received from customers therefor.

         8.2 The Prices set forth in SCHEDULE 1 include the Product (or
         Accessory, as the case may be) labeling and packaging, but exclude
         freight, duties taxes and insurance. Products and Accessories shall be
         shipped FCA (Incoterms 2000).

         8.3 The Prices set forth in SCHEDULE 1 may be revised by MANUFACTURER,
         by giving [*] days' prior written notice to DISTRIBUTOR, based on
         supplier costs and the expected unit volume of Products and Accessories
         purchased under this Agreement and after taking into consideration
         market conditions and the parties' intent to maintain their respective
         margins on the products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Prices for any
         Products listed on SCHEDULE 1 for which MANUFACTURER is providing any
         improvements or substitutions may be revised effective immediately upon
         written notice o DISTRIBUTOR after taking into consideration market
         conditions and the parties' intent to maintain their respective margins
         on the products. Issues relating to pricing may be raised at the
         quarterly marketing meetings between DISTRIBUTOR and MANUFACTURER, as
         described in Section 10.2 below.

         8.4 Orders issued by DISTRIBUTOR before receipt of notice of any Price
         change with requested or acknowledged delivery dates after the
         effective date of any Price change will be billed at the earlier Price.
         This includes backlog and orders already placed but that have not
         received acknowledged delivery dates.

                                                                          Page 7

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         8.5 Payment by DISTRIBUTOR to MANUFACTURER for Products, Accessories or
         Service Contracts shall be net thirty (30) days after receipt by
         DISTRIBUTOR of an invoice for Products or Accessories received or
         Service Contracts sold. Invoices must include details such as
         DISTRIBUTOR order number and quantities as reference. MANUFACTURER
         shall invoice for Service Contracts at the end of each month and may
         invoice for Products and Accessories at any time.

         All payments under this Agreement shall be made in U.S. dollars. All
         bank charges, fees, taxes and costs for remitting payments shall be
         borne by DISTRIBUTOR. DISTRIBUTOR shall pay MANUFACTURER any costs and
         expenses, including attorney's fees and fees of collecting agencies
         incurred by MANUFACTURER in enforcing the terms of this Agreement.

         8.6 MANUFACTURER may reject orders or refuse to make deliveries if
         DISTRIBUTOR has any unpaid amounts that are due for previous orders.
         MANUFACTURER shall be entitled to interest on overdue payments at the
         rate of [*] per cent ([*]%) per annum or the highest lawful rate,
         whichever is lower.

         8.7 In competitive situations or as part of a large order, DISTRIBUTOR
         and MANUFACTURER may agree on a special Price arrangement and split the
         cost of additional discounts, but shall not be under any obligation to
         reach such agreement.

ARTICLE 9.  SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY

         9.1 DISTRIBUTOR will submit written (fax or electronic) orders of
         Products and Accessories to MANUFACTURER. In addition, with respect to
         each Forecast (as defined in Section 11.1 below), DISTRIBUTOR will
         submit a firm purchase order in the amount of the Products for the
         first month stated in such Forecast. All purchase orders are subject to
         acceptance by MANUFACTURER. Acknowledgment of the acceptance of the
         order and the expected delivery date will be provided by MANUFACTURER
         to DISTRIBUTOR within no more than five (5) working days in writing.

         9.2 Provided that the quantity of Products and Accessories in a
         purchase order for a given month does not exceed the quantity set forth
         in the forecast for the immediately preceding month by more than 30%,
         MANUFACTURER will make commercially reasonable effort to deliver the
         Products and Accessories subject to such purchase order within 30 days
         from the date of acceptance of the purchase order. MANUFACTURER shall
         give DISTRIBUTOR prompt notice of any prospective failure to meet the
         acknowledged delivery date. If MANUFACTURER either notifies DISTRIBUTOR
         that it will fail to meet the acknowledged delivery date or fails to
         deliver Products or Accessories by the acknowledged delivery date,
         DISTRIBUTOR may (without limiting any other rights or remedies
         available to DISTRIBUTOR) cancel such orders without charge. In
         addition, in the event that MANUFACTURER fails, for any two consecutive
         purchase orders, to deliver at least 70% of the quantity of Products or
         Accessories subject to such purchase orders within the 30-day period
         following the applicable acknowledged delivery dates, then the quantity
         of Product not delivered by the end of such 30-day period shall be
         credited towards satisfaction of the Target Quota and/or Minimum Annual
         Purchase Quota, as applicable notwithstanding the cancellation of the
         order for all or any portion of the undelivered quantities.

                                                                          Page 8

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         9.3 Orders are firm when submitted, but DISTRIBUTOR may request changes
         in delivery dates, quantity and configuration for Products appearing on
         its orders, at no charge, provided written notice of said changes is
         received by MANUFACTURER at least ten (10) working days prior to the
         acknowledged delivery date; provided, however, that any requested
         changes shall not (i) result in an extension of the acknowledged
         delivery date by more the 30 days, or (ii) be for a greater than 30%
         increase or decrease in the quantity or configuration of any Product or
         Accessory stated on the purchase order; and provided further, that if
         any such request involves any increase in the quantity or configuration
         of any Products or Accessories or acceleration of the delivery date,
         MANUFACTURER will make commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate
         such changes.

         9.4 Upon DISTRIBUTOR's request with the necessary information,
         MANUFACTURER shall make commercially reasonable efforts to promptly
         evaluate special requests for suitability of software or suitability of
         a particular hardware interface between Products and Accessories and
         the hardware/software used by DISTRIBUTOR's customers and inform
         DISTRIBUTOR of its findings.

         9.5 MANUFACTURER shall provide a packing list with DISTRIBUTOR's
         purchase order number, part numbers, serial numbers, quantity shipped
         and date shipped with each unit shipped. If applicable, the packing
         list should also provide lot number, batch number, or other identifying
         information.

         9.6 MANUFACTURER shall preserve, package, handle, and pack Products and
         Accessories so as to reasonably protect the Products and Accessories
         from loss or damage, in conformance with good commercial practice,
         government regulations, and other applicable requirements. MANUFACTURER
         shall mark the exterior of the boxes with a description of the
         associated Product and Accessory and serial numbers of the contents.
         MANUFACTURER shall be responsible for any loss or damage due to its
         failure to properly preserve, package, handle, or pack Products and
         Accessories. DISTRIBUTOR shall not be required to assert any claims, on
         MANUFACTURER's behalf, for such loss or damage against the common
         carrier involved. MANUFACTURER will ship Products and Accessories in
         the final packaging as intended to be received by the end user as
         instructed in writing by DISTRIBUTOR.

         9.7 DISTRIBUTOR shall, upon receipt of the Products and Accessories
         supplied by MANUFACTURER, without delay, using due diligence, examine
         them both as to their quality and quantity.

         9.8 Items missing in shipment will be promptly replaced and shipped at
         no charge to DISTRIBUTOR within five (5) business days of notice of
         missing items.

ARTICLE 10.  MARKETING, SALES PROMOTION, AFTER SALES, TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTED
             MATERIAL

         10.1. DISTRIBUTOR shall actively sell, advertise and promote the sale
         of the Products, Accessories and Service Contracts throughout the
         Territory and agrees to maintain at its cost an effective marketing,
         sales and service organization and an adequate and representative stock
         of the Products and the Accessories. In particular, DISTRIBUTOR agrees
         to pursue all inquiries and to issue quotations to prospective
         customers promptly and diligently. Further, DISTRIBUTOR shall at its
         cost participate at fairs and exhibitions in the Territory.

                                                                          Page 9

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         To secure product safety and correct use and to help avoid difficulties
         in tracing or recall matters and arranging after-sales services, the
         Products and Accessories are intended for sale to professional users,
         such as (but without limitation) physicians, only.

         10.2 During the term of this Agreement, MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
         agree to use their good faith efforts to meet and participate (either
         in person, by telephone or videoconference) in quarterly marketing
         meetings, at such times and places mutually reasonably acceptable to
         both parties, for the purpose of discussing and following up sales and
         marketing efforts for Products and Accessories, and the performance of
         the parties under this Agreement, and to discuss and evaluate potential
         future courses of sales and marketing activities, including, without
         limitation, the matters described in Section 8.3. MANUFACTURER and
         DISTRIBUTOR shall each cause its respective marketing director or
         manager responsible for ABP marketing to attend each such quarterly
         meeting.

         10.3 It is understood and agreed that all expenses incurred by
         DISTRIBUTOR in marketing, selling, promoting and servicing the
         Products, Accessories and Service Contracts shall be borne by
         DISTRIBUTOR, and MANUFACTURER shall be under no obligation to make any
         payments to DISTRIBUTOR for such expenses.

         DISTRIBUTOR agrees that DISTRIBUTOR has the responsibility of
         producing, at DISTRIBUTOR's cost, all brochures, catalogs and other
         marketing, sales and promotion materials as well as user's and service
         manuals. To assist DISTRIBUTOR in preparing the user's and service
         manuals MANUFACTURER will furnish DISTRIBUTOR with a draft copy of the
         user's and service manuals in respect of the Products and Accessories
         in the English language. MANUFACTURER shall inform DISTRIBUTOR about
         any material change in the Products or Accessories that materially
         affect the English language user's or service manual as furnished by
         MANUFACTURER. DISTRIBUTOR further agrees not to use any brochures,
         catalogs or any other sales promotion material, or their parts,
         produced by MANUFACTURER in marketing, selling or promoting any of
         DISTRIBUTOR's similar products or in any other way, unless expressly
         otherwise agreed in writing. All other DISTRIBUTOR specific literature
         and advertising will be the responsibility of DISTRIBUTOR. The
         copyright in any marketing materials provided by MANUFACTURER,
         including any derivative works thereof made by or for MANUFACTURER,
         shall be owned by MANUFACTURER. The copyright in any marketing, sales
         and promotion materials, users' and service manuals, including any
         derivative works thereof made by or for DISTRIBUTOR will be owned by
         DISTRIBUTOR subject to MANUFACTURER's rights in any underlying works.

         10.4 MANUFACTURER agrees to provide periodic training to DISTRIBUTOR's
         employees, at MANUFACTURER's facilities (or such other location
         mutually agreed by the Parties), in connection with sales and servicing
         of the Products and Accessories. DISTRIBUTOR shall, at its sole cost,
         ensure and require that all of its employees, sales representatives and
         agents involved in sales, marketing, promotion, servicing and other
         activities related to the Products and Accessories maintain adequate
         levels of training in the areas of sales and service, including,
         without limitation, attending training seminars and other training
         programs sponsored by MANUFACTURER. In addition, DISTRIBUTOR shall
         develop and provide, at its sole costs, training and other services for
         its local distributors, resellers, contractors, sales representatives,
         field staff and agents. From time to time, at DISTRIBUTOR's reasonable
         request, MANUFACTURER agrees

                                                                         Page 10

[*]  designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
     request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         to provide back-up support and training for DISTRIBUTOR's training
         staff at MANUFACTURER's facilities (or such other location mutually
         agreed by the Parties).

         10.5 DISTRIBUTOR shall market and promote the Products and Accessories
         under the trade name and trademarks of DISTRIBUTOR specified in
         Schedule 6 hereto. DISTRIBUTOR agrees not to use any trademarks or
         servicemarks of MANUFACTURER, in marketing, selling or promoting the
         Products or Accessories or in any other way, without obtaining
         MANUFACTURER's prior written approval.

         Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no right, title or
         interest with respect to any trademarks, servicemarks, trade names,
         patents, copyrights, trade secrets and designs of any party shall be
         conveyed to the other party pursuant to this Agreement.

         10.6 DISTRIBUTOR shall not register or attempt to register any
         trademarks or trade names owned or generally used by MANUFACTURER or
         any confusingly similar trademarks or names. Similarly MANUFACTURER
         shall not register or attempt to register any trademarks or trade names
         owned or generally used by DISTRIBUTOR or any confusingly similar
         trademarks or names.

         10.7 DISTRIBUTOR shall not infringe, violate or misappropriate any
         intellectual property or proprietary rights of MANUFACTURER.
         DISTRIBUTOR shall not modify, or assist any other party to modify, the
         Products or Accessories for resale. DISTRIBUTOR shall notify
         MANUFACTURER in the event the DISTRIBUTOR becomes aware of any
         activities in the Territories that DISTRIBUTOR knows or has reason to
         believe infringe, violate or misappropriate any intellectual property
         or proprietary rights of MANUFACTURER.

         10.8 DISTRIBUTOR hereby grants MANUFACTURER a revocable license to use
         such of DISTRIBUTOR's trademarks and trade names as DISTRIBUTOR
         designates in writing are to be incorporated into the Products and
         Accessories and their related documentation, for the purpose of
         manufacturing the Products and Accessories and preparing such
         associated documentation as required hereunder during the term of this
         Agreement. Except as provided in this paragraph and paragraph 10.1,
         MANUFACTURER shall have no right, title or interest in or to any
         trademark of trade name belonging to DISTRIBUTOR. Any and all goodwill
         accruing from the use of any DISTRIBUTOR trademarks will inure solely
         to the benefit of DISTRIBUTOR. MANUFACTURER will not (a) register any
         of the trademarks designated by DISTRIBUTOR to be incorporated into the
         Products and Accessories or any similar trademarks, (b) contest the
         validity or DISTRIBUTOR's ownership of any such trademarks, (c) use any
         such trademarks for any purpose that is not expressly authorized herein
         or authorize any third party to use any such trademarks, or (d)
         sublicense any of the rights herein.

         10.9 MANUFACTURER hereby grants DISTRIBUTOR a revocable license to
         reproduce materials provided to DISTRIBUTOR by MANUFACTURER as is
         reasonable for promotion, demonstration, sale and support of
         MANUFACTURER's Products and Accessories, including but not limited to
         posting such materials on the Internet, Intranet, or World Wide Web.

                                                                         Page 11

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

ARTICLE 11.  ESTIMATED PURCHASES; MINIMUM PURCHASE ORDER RELEASE QUANTITY

         11.1 DISTRIBUTOR agrees to submit to MANUFACTURER and maintain a good
         faith rolling four month purchase forecast for Products ("FORECAST").
         The minimum purchase order release quantity (i.e., the minimum quantity
         of units which may be ordered for delivery on any particular date)
         shall be [*]. The Forecast is provided as an accommodation to
         MANUFACTURER only and nothing in the Forecast is binding except as
         otherwise expressly specified in this Agreement (including, without
         limitation, Section 9.3).

ARTICLE 12.  QUALITY ASSURANCE, REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

         12.1 MANUFACTURER agrees to maintain ISO9001, US GMP 21 CFR 820, and
         compliance with the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) Quality System
         Regulation and/or appropriate regulations that apply to the United
         States of America. As manufacturer, MANUFACTURER will comply with all
         applicable regulations and standards that pertain to manufacturers for
         Products and Accessories in the Territory. DISTRIBUTOR shall comply
         will all applicable laws and regulations in connection with
         DISTRIBUTOR's sale and distribution of Products, Accessories and
         Service Contracts in the Territory. Other than those that are the
         responsibility of MANUFACTURER hereunder, DISTRIBUTOR shall obtain at
         its sole cost and expense any permissions, consents and licenses that
         may be necessary to enable it to market, distribute, and sell the
         Products and Accessories. MANUFACTURER agrees that the appropriate
         labeling of the Products and Accessories and the obtaining of
         registrations, tests and/or approvals from relevant authorities where
         necessary, is the sole responsibility of MANUFACTURER and will be done
         at MANUFACTURER's sole cost.

         12.2 DISTRIBUTOR may, from time to time, inform MANUFACTURER of
         applicable regulations in the Territory and MANUFACTURER shall ensure
         that Products and Accessories comply with all such regulations as
         provided in this Article 12.

         12.3 Upon request, MANUFACTURER agrees to reasonably cooperate with
         DISTRIBUTOR through the provision of any information in MANUFACTURER'S
         possession that is required to enable DISTRIBUTOR to comply with all
         applicable regulations and standards that pertain to distributors for
         Products and Accessories and Territory set forth herein.

         12.4 Each party shall be solely responsible, at its own cost, for the
         regulatory compliance with respect to the Products and Accessories as
         set forth herein.

ARTICLE 13.  MODIFICATION OF PRODUCTS AND ACCESSORIES

         13.1 All Products and Accessories marketed by DISTRIBUTOR shall be sold
         under DISTRIBUTOR'S trade name and trade dress as agreed upon by the
         parties and as packaged by MANUFACTURER. DISTRIBUTOR shall not alter or
         change any Products or Accessories or their package, prior to sale.

                                                                         Page 12

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         13.2 MANUFACTURER shall not, without DISTRIBUTOR's prior written
         consent, make any process or design changes affecting the regulatory
         status of Products or Accessories in the Territory or the form, fit or
         function of the Products or Accessories.

         13.3 MANUFACTURER shall provide DISTRIBUTOR written notice of all
         Product or Accessories production discontinuance six (6) months prior
         to the last order date and written notice of any planned
         service/support discontinuation at least eighteen (18) months prior to
         such discontinuation.

         13.4 MANUFACTURER agrees to ensure backward compatibility for all
         enhancements to the current Products and Accessories.

ARTICLE 14.  WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF REMEDIES

         14.1. MANUFACTURER agrees to remedy any material defect in the Products
         or Accessories resulting from faulty design, materials or workmanship.
         MANUFACTURER's obligation set forth herein shall apply (i) to defects
         appearing and notified to MANUFACTURER within a period of [*] months
         from the date of invoice of the Product by MANUFACTURER to DISTRIBUTOR
         and (ii) to defects appearing and notified to MANUFACTURER within a
         period of [*] months from the date of invoice of the Accessory by
         MANUFACTURER to DISTRIBUTOR (the "USER WARRANTY"). Defects in a
         repaired or replaced Product or parts shall be covered to the extent of
         the unexpired term of the applicable warranty period or no less than
         [*] months after the repair or replacement, whichever occurs later. The
         Products, Accessories and repaired or replaced items shall be referred
         to as the "WARRANTY GOODS".

         14.2 MANUFACTURER will supply a copy of the User Warranty with each
         Warranty Good sold herein.

         14.3 If DISTRIBUTOR finds that any Product or Accessory is defective,
         in need of repair or fails to comply with a warranty hereunder prior to
         its sale by DISTRIBUTOR, DISTRIBUTOR shall notify MANUFACTURER and
         describe the defect. Within five (5) working days following
         notification, MANUFACTURER will grant approval and, provide a return
         authorization number for repair or replacement of the Product or
         Accessory as applicable hereunder. DISTRIBUTOR undertakes to quote the
         authorization number on all documentation that accompanies Products or
         Accessories being returned. DISTRIBUTOR should ensure that equipment is
         suitably packed. These defective Products or Accessories will be
         promptly replaced at no charge to DISTRIBUTOR.

         14.4 After MANUFACTURER approves the return of the defective Products
         or Accessories, MANUFACTURER will inform DISTRIBUTOR as to the return
         location and send return labels to DISTRIBUTOR or advise all details.

         14.5 MANUFACTURER shall be entitled to verify the reason for the return
         and to determine in its discretion whether to replace (rather than
         repair) the Product or Accessory. MANUFACTURER shall have no obligation
         to repair or replace units free of charge if the failure is due to any
         of the following reasons:

                  i  Damage from abuse or misuse by DISTRIBUTOR or its
                     sublicensees or customers; ii Attempted repair by
                     DISTRIBUTOR through an unauthorized service center.

                  ii Attempted repair by DISTRIBUTOR through an unauthorized
                     service center.

                                                                         Page 13

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         14.6 MANUFACTURER warrants that at the time of delivery all Products
         and Accessories shall (i) conform strictly to their respective
         specifications, (ii) be free from efects in design, material and
         workmanship, (iii) be free from all liens, encumbrances, and other
         claims against title, and (iv) have correct and adequate warning labels
         and instructions relating to their use, handling or function in the
         Territory.

         14.7 In addition to warranties specified above, where an exceptionally
         high failure rate occurs (more than double the annual failure rate
         quoted in SCHEDULE 5, Product Support Requirements), MANUFACTURER will
         use commercially reasonable efforts to return the failure rate to
         normal as soon as reasonably practicable. MANUFACTURER shall reimburse
         DISTRIBUTOR for reasonable and documented costs incurred by DISTRIBUTOR
         in case of such abnormal failures. Failure is defined as a situation
         where the end user cannot fully utilize the Product.

ARTICLE 15.  IN-WARRANTY REPAIR

         If Warranty Goods are returned to MANUFACTURER, then parts, labor costs
         for returned Products and transportation, insurance and handling
         charges of shipment of Product to MANUFACTURER for repair or
         replacement are covered by MANUFACTURER. Repaired or replaced Warranty
         Products will be returned to sender at MANUFACTURER's expense.

ARTICLE 16.  OUT-OF-WARRANTY REPAIR

         16.1 DISTRIBUTOR or its customer shall bear all shipping charges for
         out-of-warranty repairs.

         16.2 Repairs made by MANUFACTURER outside of the warranty period shall
         be billed at MANUFACTURER's then current standard repair charge. Such
         out-of-warranty repairs shall have a [*]-day warranty and shall be
         subject to the same terms and conditions as set forth in Articles 14
         and 15.

         16.3 MANUFACTURER shall provide technical support and shall ensure that
         compatible spare parts for the Products and Accessories are available
         for a period of [*] years from the last delivery of the Product or
         Accessory in question. If unable to provide such service and support,
         MANUFACTURER shall provide DISTRIBUTOR with a mutually agreeable
         alternative.

ARTICLE 17.  COMPLAINTS, QUALITY RECORDS AND RECALLS

         17.1 DISTRIBUTOR will notify, in writing, MANUFACTURER's quality
         assurance department of all Product complaints or any
         regulatory/conformance issues known to DISTRIBUTOR that are likely to
         affect the marketability of Products or Accessories. MANUFACTURER shall
         notify the appropriate regulatory agent(s) if required and shall
         conduct any safety investigations or other necessary follow-up
         activities. DISTRIBUTOR will provide any requested information in its
         possession essential to such activities. MANUFACTURER will promptly
         notify DISTRIBUTOR if corrective action is necessary in the Territory.

         17.2 DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain and shall cause its local distributors,
         sales representatives and agents to maintain serial and/or lot number
         and date of shipment

                                                                         Page 14

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         records for each Product and Accessory so that, if necessary for
         tracing or recall purposes, the name and address of each end-user
         purchaser of a Product or an Accessory can be identified to the serial
         and lot number and the software version and update thereof. DISTRIBUTOR
         shall promptly make such records available for audit by MANUFACTURER on
         MANUFACTURER's request. DISTRIBUTOR shall give its assistance to
         MANUFACTURER in tracing or recall situations by making the records
         available or alternatively by contacting the end-user itself.

         17.3 Upon request, but not more often than once per year, DISTRIBUTOR
         will supply MANUFACTURER a report of repairs, maintenance or service
         activity for Products. The report will include the product number,
         serial number, fault found, action taken and date of the activity.

         17.4 In the event of any corrective or preventive action, including,
         without limitation, recall or field correction of a Product required by
         a governmental agency for safety or efficacy reasons, or requested by
         MANUFACTURER at its sole discretion, without limiting any other rights
         or remedies available to DISTRIBUTOR, MANUFACTURER agrees to repair or
         replace at its own costs all Products and Accessories subject to the
         corrective or preventive action and to reimburse any costs or expenses
         that DISTRIBUTOR may incur in connection therewith. MANUFACTURER also
         agrees to consult with DISTRIBUTOR to establish a reasonable process
         for managing the corrective or preventive action and MANUFACTURER shall
         be responsible for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
         DISTRIBUTOR (including, but not limited to shipping costs, labor and
         travel costs, but excluding any internal overhead and administrative
         costs) that are consistent with the corrective or preventive action
         process agreed to by the Parties. In the event the corrective or
         preventive action is not required by a governmental agency for safety
         or efficacy reasons, but is instead requested by MANUFACTURER at its
         sole discretion, MANUFACTURER will consult with DISTRIBUTOR and will
         implement only if such corrective or preventive action is necessary for
         safety or other reason approved in advance by DISTRIBUTOR (which
         approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). DISTRIBUTOR agrees to
         maintain all necessary sales records to facilitate the corrective or
         preventive action.

ARTICLE 18.  PRODUCT INFORMATION

         MANUFACTURER shall, upon request, provide available environmentally
         related information regarding materials included in Products and
         Accessories and packaging that MANUFACTURER ships to DISTRIBUTOR
         including material safety data sheets.

ARTICLE 19.  FORCE MAJEURE

         No Party to this Agreement shall be liable for failure or delay of
         performance of any of its obligations hereunder if such failure or
         delay is due to causes beyond its reasonable control including, without
         limitation, natural disasters, fires, earthquake or storm, strikes,
         acts of war, or intervention, acts restraints or regulations of any
         governmental authority including compliance with any order of any
         governmental considerations; provided that any such delay or failure
         shall be remedied by such Party as soon as possible after removal of
         the cause of such failure. A Party suffering such delay or which
         expects to suffer such delay shall promptly notify the other Party in
         writing of the cause and expected duration of such delay. In the event
         a delay lasts or is expected to last more than

                                                                         Page 15

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         six (6) months the other Party shall have the option to terminate this
         Agreement upon written notice.

ARTICLE 20.  CONFIDENTIALITY

         Both Parties agree to keep in confidence the terms and conditions of
         this Agreement and shall not disclose any technical, trade, financial,
         marketing or sales information obtained from the other party unless
         such information (a) is already known to the receiving party, (b) has
         become publicly available through no fault of the receiving party, (c)
         is independently developed by the receiving party without reliance on
         any information of the disclosing party or (d) is disclosed to the
         receiving party by another source who is under no obligation of
         confidentiality with respect to such information. The parties shall
         not, without the prior written consent of the other party, use such
         proprietary information of the other party for any purpose other than
         as necessary for performance of this Agreement. Nothing in this Article
         20 shall effect or impair the rights or obligations of the parties
         under that certain Non-solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement dated
         of even date herewith.

ARTICLE 21.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND INDEMNITY

         21.1 MANUFACTURER agrees to indemnify and hold harmless and defend at
         its own expense DISTRIBUTOR, its Affiliates, employees, officers,
         directors, assignees, local distributors, and customers from and
         against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, damages, costs and
         expenses and judgements (including legal fees) incurred by or rendered
         against any of the above mentioned parties arising from claims that
         Products, spare parts, Accessories and any other products or services
         provided under this Agreement by MANUFACTURER infringe, violate or
         misappropriate any copyright, patents, trade marks, industrial designs,
         trade secret or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of
         any third party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, in no
         event shall MANUFACTURER have any liability under this Article 21.1 for
         any such claims to the extent resulting from (a) modifications to the
         Products or Accessories by DISTRIBUTOR where the unmodified Products or
         Accessories do not infringe, (b) the combination of the Products or
         Accessories by DISTRIBUTOR with other products not provided or
         combination accepted (whether express or implied acceptance) or
         validated by MANUFACTURER where the non combined Products or
         Accessories do not infringe or (c) any activities by DISTRIBUTOR not
         permitted under this Agreement.

         21.2 DISTRIBUTOR agrees to indemnify and hold harmless and defend at
         its own expense MANUFACTURER, its Affiliates, assignees, local
         distributors, and customers from and against any and all liabilities,
         claims, demands, damages, costs and expenses and judgements (including
         legal fees) incurred by or rendered against any of the above mentioned
         parties arising from claims that DISTRIBUTOR'S copyrighted material
         created by or for DISTRIBUTOR after the date of this Agreement or any
         trademarks, trade names or trade dress that were not used by
         DISTRIBUTOR or MANUFACTURER prior to the date of this Agreement
         infringe any third party's intellectual property or proprietary rights.
         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, in no event shall
         DISTRIBUTOR have any liability under this Article 21.2 for any such
         claims to the extent resulting from (a) use of any trademark, trade
         name or trade dress other than as expressly permitted under this
         Agreement or (b) any infringement of any of MANUFACTURER's underlying
         work contained in any copyrighted material created by or for
         DISTRIBUTOR after the date of this Agreement.

                                                                         Page 16

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         21.3 MANUFACTURER shall indemnify and hold harmless and defend at its
         own expense DISTRIBUTOR, its Affiliates, employees, officers,
         directors, from and against any and all liabilities, claims, demands,
         damages, costs and expenses or judgments (including legal fees)
         incurred by or rendered against any of them from third party claims or
         actions arising out of or relating to (a) personal injury, death or
         property damage which arise out of or in any way relate to (i) a defect
         in the design, parts, workmanship or materials of Products or
         Accessories, (ii) service of any Products or Accessories, or (iii) any
         negligence or willful misconduct of MANUFACTURER, its employees,
         contractors or agents, (b) any breach of this Agreement, including
         without limitation breach of any representation or warranty contained
         herein, or (c) any Service Contract sold by DISTRIBUTOR in accordance
         with the terms of this Agreement. DISTRIBUTOR shall indemnify, defend
         and hold harmless MANUFACTURER and its Affiliates from and against any
         and all liabilities, claims, demands, damages, costs and expenses or
         money judgments (including legal fees) incurred by or rendered against
         any of them from third party claims or actions for personal injury or
         property damage which arise out of DISTRIBUTOR's distribution or sale
         of Products or Accessories hereunder to the extent such claims do not
         give rise to MANUFACTURER's indemnification obligation hereunder or do
         not arise out of MANUFACTURER's (or its Affiliates') negligence or
         breach of this Agreement.

         21.4 In either case under Section 21.1, 21.2 or 21.3 above, the party
         seeking indemnification (the "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") shall (a) give the
         other party (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") prompt written notice of any
         Claim for which indemnification is sought hereunder, (b) not settle or
         compromise such Claim without the prior written consent of the
         Indemnifying Party, (c) permit the Indemnifying Party to control the
         defense and settlement of such Claim, and (d) comply with any
         settlement, judgment or court order made in connection with such Claim.
         The Indemnifying Party shall not, without the prior written consent of
         the Indemnified Party, enter into any settlement or consent to the
         entry of any judgment with respect to any such Claim (x) that contains
         any admission by or finding against the Indemnified Party, (y) that
         includes any relief to the claimant other than monetary relief to be
         paid in full by the Indemnifying Party, or (z) that does not include as
         an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant to the
         Indemnified Party a release of all liability in respect of such Claim.
         The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the
         defense and settlement of any Claim with an attorney of its own choice
         at its own expense.

         21.5 In the event of a claim is for infringement, violation, or
         misappropriation of a third party's intellectual property rights for
         which a party has indemnification obligations under either 21.1 or
         21.2, the Indemnifying Party shall have the option at its own expense
         to procure for the Indemnified Party the right to continue to exercise
         the rights licensed hereunder, or to replace the relevant material with
         non-infringing material, or modify the relevant material so that it no
         longer infringes, violates or misappropriates the applicable third
         party intellectual property rights. The remedies set forth in this
         Article 21 shall be the sole remedies of each party against the other
         with respect to claims by third parties for infringement, violation or
         misappropriation of a third party's intellectual property rights.

ARTICLE 22.  LIMITATIONS ON REMEDIES

         22.1 EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE
         LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
         CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER

                                                                         Page 17

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR
         ARISING OUT OF THE PERFORMANCE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR
         PERFORMANCE OF PRODUCTS OR ACCESSORIES AND SUPPORT SERVICES EVEN IF THE
         OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
         CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL MEAN AND
         INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION, IN EACH CASE WHETHER ARISING IN TORT,
         STRICT LIABILITY OR CONTRACT:

                  (a) LOSS OF PROFITS;
                  (b) LOSS OF CONTRACTS;
                  (c) LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS;
                  (d) LOSS OF DATA;
                  (e) LOSS OF BUSINESS;
                  (f) LOSS OF GOODWILL;
                  (g) LOSS OF REVENUE;

         22.2 The above limitation of liability shall not apply to damages with
         respect to breach of Article 20 or to the parties' indemnification
         obligations under Article 21 or in the case of MANUFACTURER's gross
         negligence or willful misconduct.

         22.4 The rights and remedies set forth in Articles 14, 15 and 16 shall
         bethe exclusive rights and remedies for any breaches or noncompliances
         of any of the warranties contained in Article 14.

ARTICLE 23.  INSURANCE

         Upon request by a party, the other party shall provide evidence of
         product liability, general liability and property damage insurance
         against an insurable claim or claims, which might or could arise
         regarding the Products or Accessories. Such insurance will contain a
         minimum limit of liability for bodily injury and property damage of not
         less than $[*] US.

ARTICLE 24.  CONFLICT RESOLUTION

         24.1 The appointed representatives set forth in Schedule 4 General
         Provisions shall address conflicts that arise relative to this
         Agreement. Upon the written request of either representative by written
         notice to the other party the MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR shall
         promptly establish a review board comprised of appropriate members of
         management from MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR to resolve the conflict.

         24.2 In the event that (a) the review board of the Parties does not
         resolve a dispute within thirty (30) days from the date the conflict is
         presented to the review board, (b) the MANUFACTURER or DISTRIBUTOR have
         not appointed at least one individual to participate on the review
         board within five (5) days after written notice from the representative
         as described in 24.1, or (c) the review board has not met in person or
         by telephone within ten (10) days after it is formed, then the Parties
         agree to consider seriously the use of mediation but each party will
         also be free to pursue any rights or remedies available under contract,
         at law or in equity through any proceeding or venue available in
         accordance with Article 24.4 below. Any mediation process shall be non-

                                                                         Page 18

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         binding and voluntary. The Parties shall agree on the procedural
         aspects of the mediation, including the venue, during the time that the
         mediation is being considered.

         24.3 If the Parties do not attempt to resolve a dispute through the
         foregoing mediation process or upon failure of or withdrawal from such
         mediation process, then either of the Parties may elect to pursue any
         remedies available at law, in accordance with the provisions of Section
         24.4 below.

         24.4 This Agreement and all orders under this Agreement shall be
         governed and interpreted in accordance with the local law of the State
         of Washington without reference to its law relating to conflicts of law
         to the contrary. The rights and obligations of MANUFACTURER and
         DISTRIBUTOR shall not be governed by the provisions of the U.N.
         Convention for the International Sale of Goods, 1980. Neither party
         will commence or prosecute any suit, proceeding or claim to enforce the
         provisions of this Agreement other than in the courts of the State of
         Washington or the United States District Court for the Western District
         of Washington; provided that the foregoing sentence shall not apply in
         a situation where a party is seeking an injunction or other equitable
         relief in which case a party may seek such injunction or other
         equitable relief in any court having jurisdiction. Subject to the
         previous sentence, DISTRIBUTOR and MANUFACTURER hereby irrevocably
         consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts
         identified in the preceding sentence.

ARTICLE 25.  ADMINISTRATION AND NOTICES

         Any notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to the address(s)
         specified SCHEDULE 4 General Provisions or such other address as a
         party may identify in writing by a written notice given in accordance
         herewith.

ARTICLE 26.  SEVERABILITY

         If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any
         person or circumstance shall be invalid or unenforceable to any extent,
         the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision
         to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby and
         shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE 27.  INJUNCTIVE RELIEF

         Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, either party
         shall have the right to pursue injunctive and other equitable relief
         for any violations of this Agreement.

         [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

                                                                         Page 19

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

         DATED AND EXECUTED on December 31, 2002, by duly authorized officers of
the undersigned parties, intending to be bound hereby.

SIGNATURES

FOR SPACELABS MEDICAL, INC.                 FOR SPACELABS BURDICK, INC.

___________________________________         ____________________________________

Authorized Representative Signature         Authorized Representative Signature

Name:                                       Name:

Title:                                      Title:

                                                                         Page 20

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 1 - PRODUCTS, ACCESSORIES AND PRICES

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Schedule is attached to and forms part of the Distribution
Agreement between MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                        QUINTON/BURDICK
                                                                                                         FACTORY REPAIR
                                                                                    QUINTON/BURDICK          PRICE
                                                                                    ANNUAL SERVICE        (NO SERVICE
MODEL/PART NO.                  DESCRIPTION                          PRICE          CONTRACT PRICE         CONTRACT)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>                                              <C>              <C>                 <C>
                                                                   See Prices
    90207         COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90207 SYSTEM                  Below                  [*]                  [*]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90217-1A SYSTEM
                  ABP Monitor and docking station together with    See Prices
  90217-1A        all related analysis software                    Below                  [*]                  [*]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    90207         COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90207/90239A SYSTEM
     and          and                                              See Prices
   90239A         Report Generator/Printer                         Below                  [*]                  [*]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  90217-1A        COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90217/90239A SYSTEM
     and          and                                              See Prices
   90239A         Report Generator/Printer                         Below                  [*]                  [*]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             AMBULATORY BLOOD PRESSURE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRODUCTS                                                                     LIST                 QUINTON/BURDICK
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MODEL                              DESCRIPTION                              PRICE                     PRICE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>                                                     <C>                  <C>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90207 SYSTEM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90207                ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult, 24-32 cm          [*]                       [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90121-1              ABP Report Management System Base Station Interface      [*]                       [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     ABP Interface Cable (ABP Monitor to Personal
012-0097-02          Computer)                                                [*]                       [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              [*]                       [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                         Page 21

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

<TABLE>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>                                                      <C>                <C>
                     COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90217-1A SYSTEM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90217-1A             Ultralite ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult,
                     24-32 cm                                                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90121-1              ABP Report Management System Base Station Interface      [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     ABP Interface Cable (ABP Monitor to Personal
012-0097-02          Computer)                                                [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90207/90239A SYSTEM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90207                ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult, 24-32 cm          [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90239A               Ambulatory Blood Pressure Report Generator/Printer       [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     COMPLETE ABP MODEL 90217/90239A SYSTEM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Ultralite ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult,
90217-1A             24-32 cm                                                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90239A               Ambulatory Blood Pressure Report Generator/Printer       [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MONITORS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90207                ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult, 24-32 cm          [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Ultralite ABP Monitor with Cuff, Standard Adult,
90217-1A             24-32 cm                                                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                         Page 22

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

<TABLE>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERSONAL COMPUTER INTERFACE (IBM COMPATIBLE COMPUTERS ONLY)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                                   <C>                <C>
90121-1                 ABP Report Management System Base Station
                        Interface for                                         [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Windows 3.1x features remote communication
                        capability for data
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        retrieval and monitor programming via modem
                        (Requires ABP
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Interface Cable Model 012-0097-02)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REPORT GENERATOR
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
90239A                  Ambulatory Blood Pressure Report Generator/Printer    [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ACCESSORIES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CUFFS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
015-0118-01             Cuff, Child, 12-20 cm                                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
015-0067-01             Cuff, Small Adult, 17-26 cm                           [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
015-0068-02             Cuff, Standard Adult, 24-32 cm                        [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0077-01             Cuff, Large Adult, 32-42 cm                           [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Cuff, XL Adult, 38-50 cm (includes cuff support
016-0109-01             harness)                                              [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
015-0070-00             Cuff Support Harness for all cuffs                    [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REUSABLE CUFF WRAPS
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
706-0155-00             Cuff Wrap, ABP, Child, 12-20 cm                       [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
706-0154-00             Cuff Wrap, ABP, Small Adult, 17-26 cm                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
706-0152-00             Cuff Wrap, ABP, Standard Adult, 24-32 cm              [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
706-0153-00             Cuff Wrap, ABP, Large Adult, 32-42 cm                 [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
706-0151-00             Cuff Wrap, ABP, XL Adult, 38-50 cm                    [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                         Page 23

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

<TABLE>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>                                                   <C>                <C>
CABLES
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
012-0097-02             ABP Interface Cable (ABP Monitor to Personal
                        Computer)                                             [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
012-0096-01             Modem Interface Cable (ABP Monitor to Modem)          [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0410-00             Pouch, cloth 90207                                    [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0340-00             Pouch, cloth 90217                                    [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0080-00             Nylon Webb Belt for 90207/90217                       [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0262-00             Shoulder Strap for Pouch, cloth 90207/90217           [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
016-0040-00             T-tube Calibration Accessory for 90207/90217          [*]                [*]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                         Page 24

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 2 - TARGET QUOTA AND MINIMUM ANNUAL PURCHASE QUOTA

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Schedule is attached to and forms part of the Distribution
Agreement between MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        2003 MINIMUM ANNUAL
PART NO.                  DESCRIPTION                            2003 TARGET QUOTA       PURCHASE QUANTITY
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>             <C>                                             <C>                     <C>
                                                                All Systems Combined    All Systems Combined
90207           Complete ABP Model 90207 System                 Totaling [*]            Totaling [*]

90217-1A        Complete ABP Model 90217-1a System
                (ABP Monitor and docking station together
                with all related analysis software)

90207
90239A          Complete ABP Model 90207/90239A System

90217-1A
90239A          Complete ABP Model 90217/90239A System
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                         Page 25

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 3 - TERRITORY

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Schedule is attached to and forms part of the Distribution
Agreement between MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Herein, the Territory is established for the above referenced Agreement.

         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
            EXCLUSIVE TERRITORY:

            -     Physicians' offices and similar primary care facilities, in
                  the United States of America

               DISTRIBUTOR acknowledges that sales made directly by MANUFACTURER
               or by other distributors outside the primary care marketplace or
               Territory may be used in physicians' offices or other primary
               care facilities.
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
            NON EXCLUSIVE TERRITORY:

            -     Outpatient clinics, surgery centers and other such care
                  facilities, the home health care market, or any other
                  marketplace other than the primary care market (other than the
                  Non-Permitted Territories), in the United States of America.
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
            NON PERMITTED TERRITORY:

            -     Clinical research organizations, pharmaceutical companies,
                  hospitals and governmental facilities or any other part of the
                  governmental sector (other than unit exceptions for de minimis
                  / odd lot sales by distributors in governmental areas and
                  hospitals), anywhere in the world.
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         Page 26

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 4 - GENERAL PROVISIONS

[Omitted]

                                                                         Page 27

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 5 - PRODUCT SUPPORT REQUIREMENTS

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Schedule is attached to and forms part of the Distribution
Agreement between MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     The following Schedule establishes the support requirements for the
     Products covered by this Agreement.

1.   GENERAL SUPPORT STRATEGY: The support strategy consists of "bench repair"
     by MANUFACTURER (replacement of parts) at its Issaquah, Washington
     facility.

2.   FAILURE RATE: The expected failure rate of the installed base per year is
     [*] percent ([*]%).

3.   GUARANTEED PARTS AVAILABILITY: The plant repair time is three to five
     working days.

4.   GUARANTEED RESPONSE TIME: MANUFACTURER will provide response to escalated
     customer issues within 24 hours for safety-related issues or 48 hours
     otherwise during normal business hours Monday through Friday.

                                                                         Page 28

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

SCHEDULE 6 - LABELING OF PRODUCTS

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Schedule is attached to and forms part of the Distribution
Agreement between MANUFACTURER and DISTRIBUTOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"BURDICK"

Other marks that may be designated from time to time in writing by DISTRIBUTOR
to MANUFACTURER

                                                                         Page 29

[*] designates portions of this document that have been omitted pursuant to a
    request for confidential treatment filed separately with the Commission.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
