<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>westbancexhbt1012.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.12


                           AMENDMENT TO THE AGREEMENT
                                     BETWEEN

                             Fiserv Solutions, Inc.
                             d/b/a Fiserv-Des Moines
                              4400 Westown Parkway
                                 Regency West 7
                         West Des Moines, IA 50266-6751

                                       AND

                           West Des Moines State Bank
                                1601 22nd Street
                            West Des Moines, IA 50265



Firserv  and  Client  hereby  agree to this  Amendment  to the  Data  Processing
Services Agreement, dated March 17, 1997, as follows:

Initial  term of  agreement  is extended 6 years and shall end 12 years from the
Agreement's  commencement date (August 1, 1997), with the new expiration date of
initial term equal to August 01, 2009). Renewal terms remain unchanged.

Existing  Exhibit  B-1 - Item  Processing  Services  of the  Agreement  will  be
replaced by the attached  Exhibit B-1 Item  Processing  Description of Services.
This exhibit shall become effective 11/01/02.

Exhibit B-3 Item  Processing  Performance  Standards a new document  attached to
this  amendment  will be  incorporated  into the Agreement and become  effective
11/01/02.

All other terms and conditions remain the same.

West Des Moines State Bank                  Fiserv Solutions, Inc.
                                            d/b/a Fiserv-Des Moines

By: /s/ Timothy J. Byrnes                   By: /s/ Craig Marvin
    -------------------------------             --------------------------------

Name: Timothy J. Byrnes                     Name: Craig Marvin
      -----------------------------               ------------------------------

Title: Vice President/Cashier               Title:  President
       ----------------------------                 ----------------------------

Date:  10/24/02                             Date:  10/25/02
       ----------------------------                -----------------------------

All pricing set forth under this amendment  will expire unless  executed by both
parties to the agreement by October 31, 2002.



                                       1
<PAGE>

Item Processing Description of Services

1.   Proof: On each business day (excluding  Saturdays,  Sundays, and holidays),
     Client will  deliver to Fiserv  Processing  Center,  checks and other items
     deposited to accounts with Client.  Client will provide extra deliveries in
     support of proof operations for peak day processing. Peak day processing is
     defined  as any day when  Client's  volume is  expected  to  exceed  twenty
     percent of daily average  volume of the previous  months volume  divided by
     the number of business days in the previous month.

     a.   Client  will  contract  with  and  pay for a  courier,  to pick up and
          deliver  all work  between  Client  and  Fiserv.  Both  parties  will
          mutually  agree upon the times of pick-up  and  delivery.  Fiserv will
          contact  Client's  after-hours  primary bank contact(s) and apprise of
          the  situation(s)  where Fiserv has not received the items from Client
          locations by the agreed upon delivery  times.  Contact with one of the
          four  primary bank  contacts is to be made prior to Fiserv  exercising
          its discretion,  to delay,  without liability,  the processing of such
          items  until  the  next  businesss  day.   Client  agrees  to  provide
          after-hours primary bank contact(s), as well as contacts for each bank
          office  location.  Client  agrees to update  Fiserv of any  changes in
          Client contact personnel.

     b.   Client  agrees to MICR encode  documents  to meet Fiserv  requirements
          (ABA and Account Numbers and Tran-codes).

     c.   Client is responsible for microfilming all items submitted to Fiserv.

     d.   Client agrees that all transactional entries,  involving tellers' cash
          tickets,  general ledger entries, or loan entries shall be in balance,
          and that Fiserv may return to Client,  unprocessed,  any transactional
          entries that are not in balance.

     e.   Client agrees to segregate all over-the-counter items into batches not
          to exceed three  inches (3") in depth and to identify  each such batch
          with an  appropriate  batch  header,  which  batch  header  shall meet
          written  requirements  provided by Fiserv.  Client  further  agrees to
          segregate  all  items by type  (i.e.,  single  deposit  items  will be
          batched separately from multiple deposit items).

     f.   Client  agrees  to  include  a  batch  manifest  for each  bag of work
          submitted to Fiserv.

     g.   From the items submitted to Fiserv, Fiserv shall retrieve such "on-us"
          information as may be necessary for the proper accounting of the items
          and shall transmit this  information,  through  telephone  lines or by
          such other means as Fiserv may, from time to time, deem appropriate to
          Client's data processor for data processing.

     h.   Client authorizes  Fiserv to create ledger holdover  entries,  deposit
          corrections, or such other entries to balance transactions, except for
          those transactions outlined in Section 1.d. above, as may be necessary
          to the efficient processing of the items.

     i.   After Fiserv has completed the process of retrieving and  transmitting
          to  Client's  data  processor  the  information   necessary  for  data
          processing,  all over-the-counter items not drawn against Client shall
          be forwarded for collection to such correspondent  banks as Client may
          designate from time to time in writing to Fiserv.

     j.   All items drawn against  Client and those items  internally  generated
          shall be  returned  to Client or held by  Fiserv  in  accordance  with
          Client's written instructions.

                                       2
<PAGE>

2.   Encoding:  Fiserv  will  encode  the  dollar  amount on all  items  needing
     encoding and  presented to Fiserv as part of the Proof  function  described
     above.  Fiserv  may encode  additional  fields,  such as  account  numbers,
     deposit  ticket  totals,  or other items as specified  by Client.  Any such
     encoding  will be according to terms agreed to by Fiserv.  In no event will
     Fiserv be liable for losses to Client due to encoding  errors if Client has
     not satisfied all of its obligations  set forth in Section 1 above.  Should
     Fiserv's encoding services fail to meet the performance  standard for proof
     of deposit set forth in Exhibit B-3, and Client incurs a potential loss due
     to an  encoding  error,  Client  shall use its best  efforts to collect the
     amount  in  question  from  its  customer  (including  without  limitation,
     commencing  legal action  against the customer,  obtaining a judgment,  and
     attempting collection efforts based on said judgment) prior to submitting a
     claim  for  damages  to  Fiserv.  Prior to  expending  significant  time or
     incurring out of pocket  expenses in the collection  process.  Client shall
     consult  with  and  obtain  the   authorization  of  Fiserv  for  any  such
     expenditure,  and the  parties  shall give  consideration  to the amount of
     potential loss and the likelihood of collection.

3.   Exception Item Processing: Fiserv will either reject or pay items listed on
     the  appropriate  report,  in  accordance  with  written  instructions,  by
     Client's  authorized  officer or employee.  The name of Client's officer or
     employee  giving  such  instruction  shall  be noted on the item or on such
     other  record as Fiserv  may  establish,  together  with the  nature of the
     instruction.  If Client has not instructed Fiserv regarding the disposition
     of any  exception  item drawn  against  Client by the agreed upon time each
     day,  then  Fiserv  shall  return it through the  presentment  chain to the
     depository  bank or  institution.  Instructions to Fiserv on disposition of
     items that are received  after the agreed upon  deadline or are changed can
     result in a late charge.  Should Fiserv's exception item processing fail to
     meet the  performance  standard for exception item  processing set forth in
     Exhibit B-3,  and Client  incurs a potential  loss due to an error,  Client
     shall use its best  efforts to  collect  the  amount in  question  from its
     customer (including without limitation, commencing legal action against the
     customer,  obtaining a judgment, and attempting collection efforts based on
     said judgment) prior to submitting a claim for damages to Fiserv.  Prior to
     expending  significant  time or  incurring  out of pocket  expenses  in the
     collection process,  Client shall consult with and obtain the authorization
     of  Fiserv  for  any  such   expenditure,   and  the  parties   shall  give
     consideration  to the  amount  of  potential  loss  and the  likelihood  of
     collection.

4.   Statement Rendition:  All checks,  drafts, and other orders for the payment
     of money drawn against accounts at Client which are to be stored by Fiserv,
     will be retained by Fiserv until the end of each Client's  checking account
     cycle.  The items will be sorted,  filed with the  monthly  statement,  and
     mailed to the depositor. Client agrees to have statements printed according
     to predefined cycles and print classes.  Statement enclosure counts will be
     accurately  and  clearly  reported  in the top  fold of the  statement.  If
     required,  Client agrees to expedite the return of any paid exception items
     to Fiserv in order to facilitate timely statement  processing.  Fiserv will
     apply proper postage, which will be pre- paid monthly (or as agreed upon by
     Client and Fiserv) on an estimated basis by Client.

5.   Inclearinqs: Client authorizes Fiserv to receive its inclearing items daily
     from the Federal Reserve Bank.  Fiserv will balance the inclearing items to
     their cash letters, capture the items on magnetic media, microfilm or image
     scan and  transmit  the account  information  to Client's  data  processor.
     Fiserv will also pull out for further  handling the  appropriate  items for
     exception  handling  or  scrutinizing,  and  deliver the items to bulk file
     storage or to Client for further processing.

6.   Courier Service:  The parties hereto  acknowledge that it will be necessary
     to make  arrangements for the transport of items,  records,  and other data
     from  Client to Fiserv.  After  Fiserv  has  provided  the Item  Processing
     Services, selected items, records, and data must be transported from Fiserv
     to  Client.  The  parties  further   acknowledge  that  the  cost  of  such
     transportation  shall be the  sole  responsibility  of  Client.  Fiserv  is
     responsible  for the cost to transport items and records from Fiserv to the
     Federal   Reserve  Bank.  The  Federal  Reserve  Bank  is  responsible  for
     transporting items to Fiserv.

     a.   a. Client has the right to make provision for its own courier  service
          to provide the needed  transportation  as set forth in subsection 1.a.
          above.  Should Client not make provision for such courier service,  or
          should Client request that Fiserv make  arrangements  for such courier
          service,   then  Fiserv,  for  the  benefit  of  Client,   shall  make
          arrangements for such a courier service.  Client must notify Fiserv to
          provide  such  courier  service no less than thirty (30) days prior to
          the date that Fiserv is to begin providing Item Processing Services.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     b.   Client  shall pay Fiserv for any and all charges,  expenses,  or costs
          incurred by Fiserv in contracting for said courier service.

     c.   It is understood and agreed that Fiserv shall not have, or assume, any
          liability or  responsibility  for such items,  records,  or data until
          they  have  reached   Fiserv   premises  and  shall  have  no  further
          responsibility or liability for them after they leave Fiserv premises.

     d.   The courier  service  shall at all times be deemed the  independent
          contractor  of  Client,  and  shall  not,  at any  time or  under  any
          circumstances,  be deemed the agent or employee of Fiserv,  regardless
          of whether said courier  service,  at any  pertinent  time herein,  is
          affiliated with or employed by Fiserv.

     e.   Fiserv will monitor and track deliveries for Client. Should a delivery
          be missing,  Fiserv will notify Client through  appropriate  channels.
          Should there be any dispute as to the proper  delivery of any records,
          Fiserv's records of delivery will be accepted as the undisputed record
          of  delivery.

     f.   In the event  that a  client's  cash  letter is late in arrival to the
          Federal Reserve Bank due to Fiserv error, Fiserv will reimburse Client
          for the amount of lost interest credit or revenue.  The  reimbursement
          will be  calculated  based on rate paid on Fed Funds during the period
          of time  this  error  occurred.  Fiserv  will not be  responsible  for
          reimbursements  due to  circumstances  beyond Fiserv's control such as
          weather  and acts of God or due to work  delivered  to  Fiserv  beyond
          mutually agreed upon deadline.

7.   Conversion  Services:  Fiserv will provide conversion services based on the
     information provided by Client during the due diligence process.  Following
     Client's  initial  conversion to Fiserv Services,  any additional  requests
     will be  submitted  to  Fiserv  at  least  90 days  prior  to the  required
     implementation  date. An estimate for the  additional  conversion  services
     will be  provided.  The  implementation  time  for the  conversion  will be
     delayed if Client  requires  more than three days to approve or decline the
     conversion estimate.  Client also acknowledges that Fiserv must approve any
     changes to the MICR line and/or Account  Number  structure for Client prior
     to proceeding with a conversion.  Fiserv will make every reasonable attempt
     to convert new MICR line and/or Account Number structures. Client agrees to
     eliminate any  non-standard  MICR line and/or Account  number  structure as
     identified  during the due diligence process from its daily capture service
     within 120 days after the initial conversion date. Client acknowledges that
     Fiserv may elect to charge a fee such as the Special  Statements  Fee,  for
     all non-standard items processed in the service.  Client  acknowledges that
     Fiserv may not be able to achieve the stated  service  level  agreements on
     accounts,  transactions,  or  services  involving  non-standard  MICR lines
     and/or  Account  Number  structures.  In the event that the Account  Number
     appearing on the  statement  does not equal the Account  Number on the MICR
     line,  Fiserv  will not be  responsible  for any service  level  agreements
     relating to statement preparation and rendition.

     Initial Client  conversion is based on the results  obtained during the due
     diligence  process.  This work would include an  inclearings,  POD and bulk
     file sort  pattern.  In  addition,  it would  include  a single  extraction
     program to support the transmission of a daily  inclearings and POD file to
     a host  site for  processing.  Sort  specifications  will be  developed  in
     support  of  statement  rendition  services.  Standard  reporting  will  be
     provided  to  Client  to  include  a daily  transaction  report  sorted  in
     transaction and account order,  recaps of  transmissions  and cash letters,
     and a daily cash report if required.

8.   Research Services: Fiserv will provide research and photocopy services upon
     request by Client.  Upon receipt from Client of a request for subpoena work
     or other  significant or voluminous  research work,  Fiserv will attempt to
     provide Client with an estimate of the time required and corresponding cost
     to complete the request prior to commencing the research services,

9.   Data Transmission:  Client and Fiserv acknowledge and agree that Client has
     separately   contracted  with  Client's  data  processor  to  provide  data
     processing services for Client and that Fiserv shall have no responsibility
     for the  timeliness  or quality of the service  provided  by Client's  data
     processor.  Clients data  processor  shall  deliver  directly to Client all
     reports generated from the data transmitted by Fiserv. Fiserv shall have no
     responsibility  for the  timeliness of such delivery or for the adequacy or
     accuracy of the reports  supplied by Client's  data  processor,  except for
     errors caused by Fiserv failure to transmit information.

                                       4
<PAGE>

Item Processing Performance Standards

1.   Client preparation and presentation of work for Fiserv proof department

     a.   SUBJECT: Presentation and Delivery of Work

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Credits come before debits
          o    Customer deposit is the first credit
          o    Items are encoded with route/transit  number,  account number and
               proper transaction code
          o    If multiple amounts,  the correct total amount is circled

     c.   PROCEDURE:  Fiserv  will  notify  Client of  specific  non-performance
          issues as required.

2.   Client preparation and presentation of work for Fiserv proof department

     a.   SUBJECT: Categories

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Single items (one-on-ones) batched
          o    Multiple item transactions batched

     c.   PROCEDURE:  Fiserv will notify Client of specific  non-performance  as
          required.

3.   Client preparation and presentation of work for Fiserv proof department

     a.   SUBJECT: Batches and Control Tickets

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    All Tickets are teller stamped
          o    All items are  properly  logged and recorded for filming and then
               microfilmed
          o    Bundles  are  limited  to 3" or 250  items,  whichever  limit  is
               reached first.
          o    Tape listings accompany multiples
          o    Single item deposits have headers preceding them.

     c.   PROCEDURE:  Fiserv  will  notify  Client of  specific  non-performance
          issues as required.

4.   Client preparation and presentation of work for Fiserv proof department

     a.   SUBJECT: Work Shipment

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    All work for proof is in a mutually agreed upon container.
          o    Correspondent  bank  correspondence  in a  mutually  agreed  upon
               container.
          o    Other correspondence in a mutually agreed upon container.

     c.   PROCEDURE:  Fiserv  will  notify  Client of  specific  non-performance
          issues as required.

5.   Fiserv proof and balancing of work received from Client for processing

     a.   SUBJECT: Proof of Deposit for dollar amount encoding

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Dollar encoding  errors to meet service goals
          o    Corrections  made with accepted medium
          o    Customer Corrections are legible and complete
          o    Customer Corrections have the correct reason listed
          o    All  Customer  Corrections  equal to or greater  than  $10.00 are
               documented with accompanying copies as required.
          o    Items  are  endorsed   with  the  proper  bank  stamp  in  proper
               Regulation CC position
          o    Transaction  Corrections using DDA debits and credits contain the
               correct information
          o    Suspense documentation is legible and complete
          o    Items placed into holdovers by Fiserv will be documented
          o    Differences of under $10.00 will be charged to a DDA account

                                       5
<PAGE>

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: 99.997 %


     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Percent of Proof Encoding Volume

6.   Fiserv modification of MICR rejects

     a.   SUBJECT: Reject Re-entry/Reconciling or Balancing


     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Modified MICR reject errors to meet service goals
          o    Transaction  Corrections using G/L debits and credits contain the
               correct  information
          o    Suspense  documentation  is  legible  and complete
          o    Items placed into suspense by Fiserv will be documented
          o    Differences  of under $10.00 will be charged to a General  Ledger
               account

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: 99.7%


     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Percent of Volume (Based on total rejects)

7.   Fiserv preparation of outgoing transit items

     a.   SUBJECT: Transit Cash Letter Processing

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Cash Letters are sent out with correct total(s)
          o    Cash Letters are sent with complete bundle count(s)
          o    Cash Letter differences are explained
          o    Cash Letters for proper bank are used
          o    Cash Letters for the correct correspondent are used
          o    Cash Letters sent out in timely manner
          o    Low speed cash letters will be sent out within 24 hours of stated
               deadlines
          o    On-us items will not be sent out in transit cash letters

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: Zero errors per cash letter endpoint per month

          o    Cash Letters Items sent out 100% of the time on time

     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with appropriate documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Record of Occurrence based on cash letter endpoints

                                       6
<PAGE>

8.   Fiserv capture and transmission of work from proof department.

     a.   SUBJECT: Second Shift Transmissions

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    All transmissions are sent in the approved Fiserv format
          o    All  transmissions are sent to Fiserv in such time to insure that
               posting can be completed timely.
          o    Transmission  deadlines  will not be earlier than 11:00 p.m. Mon.
               -Thurs. or 12:00 a.m. Friday


     c.   SERVICE GOAL:  Transmission errors or delays are not to exceed two per
          month that are within Fiserv's control.


     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENTS: Record of Occurrences

9.   Fiserv  processing of exception items  (Outgoing  Return Items) when Client
     has submitted final return decisions by 2:00 p.m. daily

     a.   SUBJECT: Qualified Returned Items

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    The correct items will be returned
          o    All returned items are stamped with the correct return reason
          o    The items Client wants  returned are returned on the day they are
               listed as exceptions
          o    G/L entries made for all check reversals
          o    Rejected debit totals balance
          o    Client will do notification of large items
          o    Items  are  returned   within   specified   Regulation  CC.  time
               requirements
          o    Items are paid using correct account number and trancode
          o    Proper bank's forms are used

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: 99.94% (6 errors per 10,000 return items)

     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Percent of Total Qualified Return Items

10.  Fiserv research of items, photocopy production

     a.   SUBJECT: Research

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    The turn-around time for a research request will be 48 hours from
               the time of receipt (unless Fiserv otherwise  notifies Client, as
               in  the  case  of  subpoena  research  or  other  significant  or
               voluminous  research  requests).  Best  effort  will  be  made to
               provide photocopy requests within 24-hours of request.
          o    For subpoena research or other significant or voluminous research
               requests, Fiserv will provide a completion commitment estimate to
               Client within 48 hours of receipt.
          o    Best effort will be made to produce quality photocopies
          o    Trace reports will be delivered to Client within 2 business days

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: 99.0% (1 error per 100 requests)

     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Percent of Total Research Request and Photocopies Service

                                       7
<PAGE>

11.  Fiserv preparation of statements and check filing requirements

     a.   SUBJECT: Statement Preparation

     b.   DESCRIPTION:

          o    Client and Fiserv will mutually agree upon  acceptable  standards
               for  turnaround  time  of end  of  month  and  non-end  of  month
               statements  as well as hold  and  multiple  statement  processing
               standards.
          o    Snag statements will be mailed out within two additional days.
          o    The correct customer's checks will accompany the statement.
          o    Hold statements that are properly  labeled will be sent to Client
               for handling.
          o    The correct number of statement pages is in the envelope.
          o    Client will submit statement  stuffers to center with appropriate
               instructions noted on the Stuffer Instruction Form. Stuffers must
               arrive two days prior to cycle date to insure proper handling.
          o    The  correct  statement   stuffer(s)  will  be  included  in  the
               statement.
          o    Notice of missing  item(s)  will be included in the  statement if
               the statement is missing 3 or fewer enclosures.
          o    Fiserv will  monitor and report  delays for receipt of  statement
               print to Client within 24 hours of the expected time of receipt.

     c.   SERVICE GOAL: 99.9% (10 errors per 10,000 Statements)


     d.   PROCEDURE:

          o    Client will notify Fiserv of specific  non-performance  issues by
               submitting  a service  incident  report in the form  approved  by
               Fiserv with accompanying documentation to Client Services.

     e.   MEASUREMENT: Percent of Total Statements Rendered



                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
