<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>exhibit10-18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.18
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.18

                                                            EXECUTION COPY


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



         AGREEMENT,  made and entered into as of the 18th day of November,  2002
by and between AT&T Comcast Corporation,  a Pennsylvania  corporation  (together
with its successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement,  the "Company"),
and C. Michael Armstrong (the "Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

         WHEREAS,  the Company desires to employ the Executive and to enter into
an agreement  embodying the terms of such employment (this  "Agreement") and the
Executive  desires to enter into this  Agreement and to accept such  employment,
subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein and for other good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt of
which is mutually  acknowledged,  the Company and the Executive  (individually a
"Party" and together the "Parties") agree as follows:

         SECTION 1.  Definitions.

           (a)  "Affiliate"  of a person or other  entity shall mean a person or
other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with the person or other entity specified.

         (b) "AT&T" shall mean AT&T Corp., a New York corporation.

         (c) "Base Salary" shall mean the annual rate of salary  provided for in
Section 4 below or any increased  annual rate of salary granted to the Executive
pursuant to Section 4.

         (d) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

         (e)   "Broadband"   shall  mean  AT&T   Broadband   Corp.,  a  Delaware
corporation.

         (f) "Cause" shall mean:


<PAGE>


               (i) the Executive is convicted of a felony  involving the
          Executive's moral turpitude; or

              (ii) the Executive is guilty of willful gross neglect or willful
gross misconduct in carrying out his duties under this Agreement, resulting, in
either case, in material economic harm to the Company, unless the Executive
believed in good faith that such act or nonact was in the best interests of the
Company.

         (g)  "Change  in  Control"  shall  mean the  occurrence  of any of the
following events:

               (i) An acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the
         meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities  Exchange Act
         of 1934 (the  "Exchange  Act")) (an "Entity") of  beneficial  ownership
         (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3  promulgated  under the Exchange Act)
         of 20% or more of  either  (A) the then  outstanding  shares  of common
         stock of the  Company  (the  "Outstanding  Company  Stock")  or (B) the
         combined voting power of the then outstanding  voting securities of the
         Company  entitled to vote  generally in the election of directors  (the
         "Outstanding  Company  Voting  Securities");  excluding,  however,  the
         following: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company, other than an
         acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion  privilege unless
         the security being so converted was itself  acquired  directly from the
         Company, (2) any acquisition by the Company, (3) any acquisition by any
         employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the
         Company  or any  corporation  controlled  by the  Company,  or (4)  any
         acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies
         with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) of this Section 1(g);

                (ii) A change in the composition of the Board such that the
          individuals who, as of the effective date of this Agreement,
          constitute the Board (such Board shall be hereinafter referred to as
          the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
          majority of the Board; provided, however, that for purposes of this
          definition, any individual who becomes a member of the Board
          subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement, whose election, or
          nomination for election, by the Company's shareholders was approved by
          a vote of at least a two-thirds majority of those individuals who are
          members of the Board and who were also members of the Incumbent Board
          (or deemed to be such pursuant to this proviso) shall be considered as
          though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board; and
          provided, further however, that any such individual whose initial
          assumption of office occurs as a result of or in



                                        2

<PAGE>

         connection with either an actual or threatened election contest (as
         such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under
         the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies
         or consents by or on behalf of an Entity other than the Board shall not
         be so considered as a member of the Incumbent Board;

                (iii) A merger, reorganization or consolidation to which the
          Company is a party or a sale or other disposition of all or
          substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a "Corporate
          Transaction"); excluding however, such a Corporate Transaction
          pursuant to which (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and
          entities who are the beneficial owners, respectively, of the
          Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
          immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction will beneficially own,
          directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the
          outstanding shares of common stock, and the combined voting power of
          the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in
          the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation
          resulting from such Corporate Transaction (including, without
          limitation, a corporation or other person which as a result of such
          transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the
          Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries
          (a "Parent Company")) in substantially the same proportions as their
          ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction, of the
          Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities,
          as the case may be, (B) no Entity (other than the Company, any
          employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company, such
          corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (or, if
          reference was made to equity ownership of any Parent Company for
          purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is satisfied in
          connection with the applicable Corporate Transaction, such Parent
          Company) will beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more
          of, respectively, the outstanding shares of common stock of the
          corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (or, if
          reference was made to equity ownership of any Parent Company for
          purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is satisfied in
          connection with the applicable Corporate Transaction, such Parent
          Company) or the combined voting power of the outstanding voting
          securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the
          election of directors unless such ownership resulted solely from
          ownership of securities of the Company prior to the Corporate
          Transaction, and (C) individuals who were members of the Incumbent
          Board will immediately after the consummation of the Corporate
          Transaction constitute at least a two-thirds majority of the members
          of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such
          Corporate Transaction (or, if reference was made to equity ownership
          of any Parent



                                        3

<PAGE>

         Company for purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is
         satisfied in connection with the applicable Corporate Transaction, of
         the Parent Company); or

                (iv) The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a plan
          of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

         (h) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         (i) "Constructive Termination Without Cause" shall mean termination by
          the Executive of his employment at his initiative following the
          occurrence of any of the following events without his consent:

                (i) a reduction in the Executive's then current Base Salary or
          Target Bonus as a percentage of Base Salary or the termination or
          material reduction of any employee benefit or executive service
          enjoyed by him (other than as part of an across-the-board reduction
          applicable to all executive officers of the Company);

                (ii) the failure to elect or reelect the Executive to any of the
          positions described in Section 3 or the removal of him from any such
          position;

                (iii) a material diminution in the Executive's duties or the
          assignment to the Executive of duties which are materially
          inconsistent with his duties or which materially impair the
          Executive's ability to function as the Chairman of the Company;

                (iv) the relocation of the Executive's own principal office from
          its location in the Grace Building;

                (v) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in
          writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor
          to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within 15
          calendar days after a merger, consolidation, sale or similar
          transaction; or

                (vi) any breach of this Agreement by the Company.

                  Following  written  notice from the  Executive,  as  described
         above, the Company shall have 15 calendar days in which to cure. If the
         Company  fails  to  cure,  the  Executive's  termination  shall  become
         effective on the 16th calendar day following the written notice.



                                        4

<PAGE>

          (j) "Disability" shall mean the Executive's inability, due to physical
or mental incapacity,  to substantially  perform his duties and responsibilities
under this Agreement as determined by a medical  doctor  selected by the Company
and the Executive.  If the Parties cannot agree on a medical doctor,  each Party
shall select a medical doctor and the two doctors shall select a third who shall
be the approved medical doctor for this purpose.

         (k) "EBA" shall mean the  Employee  Benefits  Agreement  by and between
AT&T and Broadband dated as of December 19, 2001.

         (l)  "Effective  Date"  shall mean the  "Closing  Date" as such term is
defined in the Merger Agreement.

         (m) "Fair  Market  Value" shall mean the value of a share of Stock or a
share of AT&T stock, as the case may be, as traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market or
the New York Stock Exchange, as the case may be, on the date in question,  based
on the respective closing prices.

         (n) "Grace  Building" shall mean the W.R. Grace Building at 1114 Avenue
of the  Americas  (and 41 West 42nd  Street),  New  York,  New York or any other
building of comparable  stature maintained by the Company as its principal place
of business in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.

         (o)  "Merger  Agreement"  shall mean the  Agreement  and Plan of Merger
dated as of December 19, 2001, as amended, by and among AT&T, Broadband, Comcast
Corporation, AT&T Broadband Acquisition Corp., Comcast Acquisition Corp. and the
Company.

         (p) "Stock" shall mean Class A Common Stock of the Company.

         (q) "Target  Bonus" shall have the definition set forth in Section 5(a)
of this Agreement.

         (r) "Term of Employment"  shall mean the period  specified in Section 2
below.

         (s) "2003  Annual  Meeting"  shall mean the  regularly  scheduled  2003
annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.

         (t) "2004  Annual  Meeting"  shall mean the  regularly  scheduled  2004
annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.



                                        5

<PAGE>

         (u) "2005  Annual  Meeting"  shall mean the  regularly  scheduled  2005
annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.

         SECTION 2.  Term of Employment.

         The Term of Employment shall begin on the Effective Date and end on the
date of the 2005  Annual  Meeting.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  after  the
Effective Date, the Term of Employment may be earlier terminated by either Party
in  accordance   with  the   provisions  of  Section  10  and  the  Articles  of
Incorporation and the By-Laws of the Company.

         SECTION 3.  Position, Duties and Responsibilities.

          (a) Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing  until the date of
the 2005 Annual Meeting,  the Executive shall be employed as the Chairman of the
Board and shall have the  duties and  responsibilities  of the  Chairman  of the
Board as are set forth in the Articles of  Incorporation  and the By-Laws of the
Company. The Executive,  in carrying out his duties under this Agreement,  shall
report to the Board.  During the Term of Employment,  the Executive shall devote
such  business  time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company as
shall be necessary to discharge his responsibilities hereunder and shall use his
best efforts, skills and abilities to promote its interests.

          (b) Nothing  herein shall  preclude the Executive  from (i) serving on
the boards of directors of a reasonable number of other corporations  subject to
the approval of the Board in each case (which  approval has been given as to the
boards  listed in Exhibit A attached  hereto),  (ii)  serving on the boards of a
reasonable number of trade associations and/or charitable  organizations,  (iii)
engaging in charitable  activities and community affairs,  and (iv) managing his
personal  investments  and affairs,  provided that such  activities set forth in
this Section 3(b) do not materially interfere with the proper performance of his
duties and responsibilities under Section 3(a).

         SECTION 4.  Base Salary.

         During  the  Term  of  Employment,  the  Executive  shall  be  paid  an
annualized Base Salary, payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices
of the Company,  of $1,800,000.  The Base Salary shall be reviewed  annually for
increase in the discretion of the Board. In no event shall the Executive's  Base
Salary be decreased.



                                        6

<PAGE>
         SECTION 5.  Annual Incentive Award.

          (a) During the Term of Employment,  the Executive shall participate in
the annual incentive award plan of the Company applicable to senior executive
officers of the  Company.  Under such plan,  the  Executive  shall have a target
bonus  opportunity  each year equal to no less than 150% of his Base Salary from
time to time during that year (the  "Target  Bonus"),  payable in that amount if
the performance  goals  established for the relevant year are met; provided that
the performance  goals for each year shall be no less favorable to the Executive
than the performance goals established for other senior officers of the Company,
including the Company's Chief Executive  Officer.  If such performance goals are
not met, the Executive  shall receive a lesser amount (or nothing) as determined
in accordance with applicable plan  guidelines.  If such  performance  goals are
exceeded, the Executive may receive a greater amount as determined in accordance
with  applicable  plan  guidelines.  Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  the
Executive  shall be paid his annual  incentive  awards  under this  Section 5 no
later  than  other  senior  executives  of the  Company  are paid  their  annual
incentive awards.

         (b)  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Executive's  annual incentive
awards for the following periods shall be as described below:

                (i) For calendar year 2002, the Executive shall receive an
          annual incentive award of $3,510,000 on January 3, 2003.

                (ii) For calendar year 2005, the Executive shall be entitled to
          an annual incentive award, equal to the Executive's Target Bonus for
          such year, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
          number of days that the Executive was employed during the applicable
          year and the denominator of which is 365. Such award shall be paid to
          the Executive as soon as practicable after the 2005 Annual Meeting.

         SECTION 6.  Long-term Incentive Awards.

          (a) Existing Performance Awards.  Subject to the provisions of Section
10,  Exhibit B sets forth the  treatment  of the  outstanding  AT&T  performance
shares, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and stock options, respectively, held by
the Executive as of the Effective Date.

          (b)  Ongoing  Performance  Awards.  As soon as  practicable  after the
Effective  Date,  the  Company  shall  grant to the  Executive  an  option  (the
"Option") to purchase  2,400,000 shares of Stock at the Fair Market Value of the
Stock on the day  immediately  preceding the date of grant.  This grant shall be
made on the


                                        7

<PAGE>
same terms and conditions as options granted to other senior officers of the
Company (i.e., ten-year term, ten-year vesting with respect to half of the
Option, five-year vesting with respect to the other half (the details of such
vesting having been disclosed to the Executive), and the Executive shall have 90
days after retirement to exercise the vested portion of the Option, if any). The
Company shall be under no obligation to grant any additional equity awards to
the Executive.

         SECTION 7. Supplemental  Pension. As of the Effective Time, the Company
shall have paid to AT&T the amount  necessary to discharge any  obligation  with
respect to the supplemental  retirement  benefit provided to the Executive under
Section 9 of his prior employment  agreement with AT&T.  Executive  acknowledges
that the obligation to administer and pay such supplemental  retirement  benefit
has accordingly been assumed by AT&T and the Executive further acknowledges that
the Company shall have no obligation or liability to the Executive  with respect
to payment of such supplemental retirement benefit.

         SECTION 8.  Employee Benefit Programs.

         During the Term of  Employment,  the  Executive  shall be  entitled  to
participate in all employee  pension and welfare benefit plans and programs made
available  to  the  Company's  senior  level  executives  or  to  its  employees
generally,  as such  plans  or  programs  may be in  effect  from  time to time,
including,  without  limitation,  pension,  profit  sharing,  savings  and other
retirement  plans  or  programs,   401(k),  medical,  dental,   hospitalization,
short-term and long-term  disability and life insurance plans,  accidental death
and dismemberment  protection,  travel accident insurance, and any other pension
or retirement  plans or programs and any other employee welfare benefit plans or
programs  that may be sponsored by the Company from time to time,  including any
plans that  supplement  the  above-listed  types of plans or  programs,  whether
funded or unfunded.  The  Executive's  participation  shall be based on, and the
calculation  of all  benefits  shall  be  based  on,  the  assumptions  that the
Executive  has  met  all   service-period   or  other   requirements   for  such
participation  provided  that  no  such  assumptions  shall  be  made  as  to  a
tax-qualified plan if such assumption would jeopardize the tax- qualified status
of such plan.

         SECTION 9.  Reimbursement of Business and Other Expenses; Executive
Services; Vacation.

         (a) The  Executive  is  authorized  to incur  reasonable  expenses  in
carrying  out his  duties and  responsibilities  under  this  Agreement  and the
Company  shall  promptly  reimburse  him for all business  expenses  incurred in
connection   with  carrying  out  the  business  of  the  Company,   subject  to
documentation in accordance



                                        8

<PAGE>

with the Company's policy. The Company shall pay all reasonable financial
consultant and legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in connection
with the negotiation of the Executive's employment and consulting arrangements
with the Company.

         (b) During the Term of Employment,  the  Executive's  principal  office
shall be located in the Grace  Building.  The Company  shall  provide  full-time
secretarial  support for the Executive's  principal  office,  as selected by the
Executive  in his sole  discretion.  The Company  shall make  available  for the
Executive's use appropriate office space (which shall be on the executive floor)
and  secretarial  support when he performs  services at the Company's  principal
offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

         (c) During the Term of Employment,  the Executive shall be entitled to
participate in each of the Company's  executive  services in accordance with the
terms and  conditions  of such  arrangements  as they are in effect from time to
time for the Company's Chief Executive  Officer,  including primary personal use
of an airplane  on the same  economic  terms as the  Company's  Chief  Executive
Officer. Without duplication of the foregoing, until the date of the 2004 Annual
Meeting,  the Company shall pay the dues for the  Executive's  membership in the
Business Roundtable, the G-100 and the Business Council.

         (d) With respect to calendar year 2003, the Company shall pay when due
the premiums for the  Executive's  Senior  Management  Universal  Life Insurance
Policy (as in effect  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Date),  estimates of
which have been provided to the Company by the Executive, and a gross-up for all
federal taxes  payable by the  Executive in connection  with the payment of such
premiums. The Company shall only pay such premiums for calendar year 2004 if the
Executive  elects to become  Non-Executive  Chairman of the Board prior to or at
the 2003 Annual Meeting.

         (e) With respect to calendar  year 2003,  if the  Executive  elects to
become  Non-Executive  Chairman  of the  Board  prior to or at the  2003  Annual
Meeting  he  shall be  entitled  to tax  preparation  and  financial  counseling
services for such year.  If the Company  provides any  executive  officer with a
gross-up for applicable  taxes payable in connection  with the provision of such
tax preparation and counseling services, the Executive shall also be entitled to
such tax gross-up.

         (f) The  Executive  shall be entitled to five weeks paid  vacation per
year of employment, which shall accrue and otherwise be subject to the Company's
vacation policy for senior executives.



                                        9

<PAGE>
         SECTION 10.  Termination of Employment.

         (a)  Termination  Due to  Death.  In the  event  that the  Executive's
employment is terminated due to his death, his estate or his  beneficiaries,  as
the case may be, shall be entitled to the following benefits:

                (i) Base Salary through the end of the month in which his death
          occurs;

                (ii) annual incentive award for the year in which the
          Executive's death occurs, equal to the Target Bonus for such year,
          payable in a single installment promptly after his death;

                (iii) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms; and

                (iv) (A) any restrictions on restricted stock shall lapse and
          (B) all outstanding RSUs (as well as the $10,000,000 guarantee set
          forth in Exhibit B), performance shares and other equity-based awards
          shall vest and be paid out (at target, with respect to the performance
          shares) in a single installment promptly after his death.

          (b) Termination  Due to Disability.  In the event that the Executive's
         employment is terminated due to his Disability, he shall be entitled to
         the following benefits:

                (i) disability benefits in accordance with the long-term
          disability program then in effect for senior executives of the
          Company;

                (ii) Base Salary through the end of the month in which
          disability benefits commence;

                (iii) annual incentive award for the year in which the
          Executive's termination occurs, equal to the Target Bonus for such
          year, payable in a single installment promptly after his termination;

                (iv) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms; and

                (v) (A) any restrictions on restricted stock shall lapse and (B)
          all outstanding RSUs (as well as the $10,000,000 guarantee set forth
          in Exhibit B), performance shares and other equity-based awards shall
          vest



                                       10

<PAGE>

          and be paid out (at target, with respect to the performance shares) in
          a single installment promptly after his termination.

                  In no event shall a termination of the Executive's  employment
         for Disability  occur until the Party  terminating his employment gives
         written notice to the other Party in accordance with Section 24 below.




         (c) Termination by the Company for Cause.

                (i) A termination for Cause shall not take effect unless the
          provisions of this paragraph (i) are complied with. The Executive
          shall be given written notice by the Board, authorized by a vote of no
          less than 75% of the entire Board, of the intention to terminate him
          for Cause, such notice (A) to state in detail the particular act or
          acts or failure or failures to act that constitute the grounds on
          which the proposed termination for Cause is based and (B) to be given
          within six months of the Board learning of such act or acts or failure
          or failures to act. The Executive shall have ten calendar days after
          the date that such written notice has been given to the Executive in
          which to cure such conduct, to the extent such cure is possible. If he
          fails to cure such conduct, the Executive shall then be entitled to a
          hearing before the Board. Such hearing shall be held within 15
          calendar days of such notice to the Executive, provided he requests
          such hearing within ten calendar days of the written notice from the
          Board of the intention to terminate him for Cause. If, within five
          calendar days following such hearing, the Executive is furnished
          written notice by the Board confirming that, in its judgment, grounds
          for Cause on the basis of the original notice exist, he shall
          thereupon be terminated for Cause.

                (ii) In the event the Company terminates the Executive's
          employment for Cause:

                       (A) the  Executive  shall  be  entitled  to  Base  Salary
                  through the date of the termination;

                       (B) all  outstanding  options  which are not  exercisable
                  shall  be   forfeited;   exercisable   options   shall  remain
                  exercisable  until the earlier of the  ninetieth day after the
                  date of  termination or the  originally  scheduled  expiration
                  date of the options unless the Board determines otherwise;

                       (C) all restricted  stock as to which  restrictions  have
                  not lapsed shall be forfeited;

                       (D) all unvested RSUS shall be forfeited; and




                                       11

<PAGE>
                       (E) all long-term  incentive  plan awards with respect to
                  performance  cycles which have not yet been completed shall be
                  forfeited.

         (d)  Termination  without Cause or  Constructive  Termination  without
Cause.  In the event the  Executive's  employment  is  terminated by the Company
without Cause, other than due to Disability or death, or in the event there is a
Constructive  Termination  without Cause, the Executive shall be entitled to the
following benefits:

               (i) Base Salary through the date of termination;

               (ii) an annual incentive award for the year in which termination
          occurs, equal to the Target Bonus for such year multiplied by a
          fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that the
          Executive was employed during the applicable year and the denominator
          of which is 365, payable in a single installment promptly after his
          termination;

                (iii) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms;

                (iv) (A) any restrictions on any restricted stock shall lapse
          and (B) all outstanding RSUs (as well as the $10,000,000 guarantee set
          forth in Exhibit B), performance shares and other equity-based awards
          shall vest and be paid out (at target, with respect to the performance
          shares) in a single installment promptly after his termination; and

                (v) if such termination occurs on or prior to the second
          anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive shall be entitled to
          receive a lump sum cash amount equal to the greater of (A) (X) the
          product of three multiplied by the sum of (I) the Base Salary, (II)
          the annual incentive award, equal to the target bonus established by
          AT&T for 2002, which was 150% of his then base salary, and (III) the
          long-term performance share award, equal to the performance share
          target set by AT&T for 2002 and (B) the product of four multiplied by
          the sum of Base Salary, at the annualized rate in effect on the date
          of termination, and the Target Bonus for the year in which the
          termination occurs (with respect to the Target Bonus, $2.7 million if
          such termination occurs in 2002 or 2005). If such termination occurs
          after the second anniversary of the Effective Date, the Executive
          shall be entitled to receive the payment set forth in clause (B) of
          this Section 10(d)(v).



                                       12

<PAGE>

         (e) Voluntary Termination; Retirement.

                (i) Except as otherwise provided herein, termination of
          employment by the Executive on his own initiative, other than a
          termination due to death or Disability or a Constructive Termination
          without Cause or retirement following the end of the Term of
          Employment, shall have the same consequences as provided in Section
          10(c)(ii) for a termination for Cause. A voluntary termination under
          this Section 10(e) shall be effective 30 calendar days after prior
          written notice is received by the Company.

                (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive elects to
          both (A) become Non-Executive Chairman of the Board prior to or at the
          2003 Annual Meeting and (B) retire from his position as Non-Executive
          Chairman of the Board prior to or at the 2004 Annual Meeting, but not
          earlier than January 1, 2004, the Company shall offer to enter into a
          consulting agreement with the Executive in the form attached hereto as
          Exhibit C under which he would serve as a consultant and senior
          advisor to the Company until the one year anniversary of the 2005
          Annual Meeting. All benefits owing to the Executive as a result of a
          retirement event described in the immediately preceding sentence shall
          be as set forth in the consulting agreement. The Company's failure to
          offer to enter into such consulting agreement shall constitute a
          termination of the Executive's employment without Cause covered by
          Section 10(d).

                (iii) The Executive may retire at any time following the end of
          the Term of Employment and thereupon commence receiving any benefits
          to which he is entitled as a retired senior executive in accordance
          with the Company's then existing plans and practices. Upon such
          retirement, all stock options, other than the Option, shall continue
          to be exercisable for the remainder of their originally scheduled
          ten-year terms.

          (f)   Gross-up Payment.

                (i) If the aggregate of all payments or benefits made or
          provided to the Executive under this Agreement and under all other
          plans and programs of the Company (the "Aggregate Payment") is
          determined to constitute a Parachute Payment within the meaning of
          Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, the Company shall pay to the
          Executive, prior to the time any excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of
          the Code ("Excise Tax") is payable with respect to such Aggregate
          Payment, an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") which, after
          the imposition of all income, employment, excise and other taxes
          thereon, is equal to the Excise Tax on the Aggregate Payment. The
          determination of whether the Aggregate



                                       13

<PAGE>

          Payment constitutes a Parachute Payment and, if so, the amount to be
          paid to the Executive and the time of payment pursuant to this Section
          10(f)(i) shall be made by an independent auditor (the "Auditor")
          selected by the Parties and paid by the Company. The Auditor shall be
          a nationally recognized United States public accounting firm which has
          not, during the two years preceding the date of its selection, acted
          in any way on behalf of the Company or any Affiliate thereof. If the
          Executive and the Company cannot agree on the firm to serve as the
          Auditor, then the Executive and the Company shall each designate one
          accounting firm and those two firms shall jointly select the
          accounting firm to serve as the Auditor. All fees and expenses of the
          Auditor shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross- Up Payment
          shall be paid by the Company to the Executive within five calendar
          days of the receipt of the Auditor's determination. Any determination
          by the Auditor shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive.

                (ii) As a result of uncertainty in the application of Sections
          280G and 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by
          the Auditor hereunder, it is possible that the Gross-Up Payment made
          will have been an amount more than the Company should have paid
          pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) (the "Overpayment") or that the Gross-Up
          Payment made will have been an amount less than the Company should
          have paid pursuant to Section 10(f)(i) (the "Underpayment"). In the
          event that there is a final determination by the Internal Revenue
          Service, or a final determination by a court of competent
          jurisdiction, that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment
          shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Executive which the
          Executive shall repay to the Company together with interest at the
          applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the
          Code. In the event that there is a final determination by the Internal
          Revenue Service, a final determination by a court of competent
          jurisdiction or a change in the provisions of the Code or regulations
          pursuant to which an Underpayment arises under this Agreement, any
          such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the
          benefit of the Executive together with interest at the applicable
          Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code.

                (iii) The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any
          claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would
          result in an Underpayment and would require the payment by the Company
          of an additional Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as
          soon as practicable but no later than 10 business days after the
          Executive is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise the
          Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim
          is requested to be paid. The Executive shall not pay such claim prior
          to the expiration of the




                                       14

<PAGE>

          30 calendar day period following the date on which the Executive gives
          such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date
          that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due). If the
          Company notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of
          such period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive
          shall:

                       (A) give the Company any information reasonably requested
                  by the Company relating to such claim,

                       (B) take such action in connection  with  contesting such
                  claim as the Company shall reasonably  request in writing from
                  time to time, including,  without limitation,  accepting legal
                  representation  with  respect  to such  claim  by an  attorney
                  reasonably selected by the Company,

                       (C)  cooperate  with the  Company  in good faith in order
                  effectively to contest such claim, and

                       (D) permit the Company to  participate  in any proceeding
                  relating to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income or employment tax (including
interest and penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such
proceeding and payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the
foregoing provisions of this Section 10(f), the Company shall control all
proceedings taken in connection with such contest, provided that the Company's
control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a
Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and Executive shall be entitled to
settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.

         (g) Other  Termination  Benefits.  In the case of any of the foregoing
         terminations  (other than retirement as  Non-Executive  Chairman of the
         Board pursuant to Section  10(e)(ii)) the Executive or his estate shall
         also be entitled to:

                (i) the balance of any incentive awards due for performance
          periods which have been completed, but which have not yet been paid;

                (ii) any expense reimbursements due the Executive;



                                       15

<PAGE>

                (iii) other benefits, if any, in accordance with applicable
          plans and programs of the Company; and

                (iv) with respect to the Executive only, if such termination
          occurs on or prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date,
          financial counseling services for a period of two years following the
          Executive's termination.

         (h) No  Mitigation;  No  Offset.  In the event of any  termination  of
employment  under this Section 10, the Executive shall be under no obligation to
seek other employment and there shall be no offset against amounts due the
Executive  under this Agreement on account of any  remuneration  attributable to
any subsequent employment that he may obtain.

                (i) Nature of Payments. Any amounts due under this Section 10
          are in the nature of severance payments considered to be reasonable by
          the Company and are not in the nature of a penalty.

         SECTION 11.  Confidential Information; Prohibited Public Statements;
Publicity.

         (a) The  Company (as  hereinafter  specially  defined for  purposes of
Sections  11  through  13  hereof),   pursuant  to  the  Executive's  employment
hereunder,  provides  him access to and  confides  in him  business  methods and
systems,  techniques and methods of operation  developed at great expense by the
Company ("Trade Secrets") and which the Executive recognizes to be unique assets
of the Company's business.  The Executive shall not, during or at any time after
the Term of  Employment,  directly  or  indirectly,  in any  manner  utilize  or
disclose to any person, firm,  corporation,  association or other entity, except
(i) where  required by law, (ii) to directors,  consultants  or employees of the
Company in the ordinary  course of his duties or (iii) during his employment and
in the ordinary course of his services as Chairman of the Board for such use and
disclosure  as he shall  reasonably  determine to be in the best interest of the
Company:  (A) any such Trade Secrets,  (B) any sales prospects,  customer lists,
products,  research  or data of any kind,  or (C) any  information  relating  to
strategic plans, sales, costs, profits or the financial condition of the Company
or any of its customers or prospective customers,  which are not generally known
to the public or  recognized  as standard  practice in the industry in which the
Company  shall be engaged.  The Executive  further  covenants and agrees that he
will promptly deliver to the Company all tangible  evidence of the knowledge and
information described in (A), (B) and (C), above, prior to or at the termination
of the Executive's employment. For purposes of Sections 11, 12 and 13 hereof the
term "Company" shall mean AT&T Comcast  Corporation  ("AT&T Comcast") as well as
(I) each of its more than fifty percent (50%) owned  subsidiaries  and (II) each
other entity in




                                       16

<PAGE>

which AT&T Comcast directly or indirectly has a greater than ten percent (10%)
equity interest, the fair market value of which interest is in excess of
$50,000,000. In determining AT&T Comcast's equity interest for purposes of this
definition, any equity interest which AT&T Comcast has an option to purchase
shall be considered as owned by AT&T Comcast.

         (b) Neither the Executive nor the Company, its officers or directors
(collectively, the "Company Affiliated Entities") shall, either during or at any
time after the Term of Employment, directly or indirectly make any public
statement (including a private statement reasonably likely to be repeated
publicly) reflecting adversely on the Company Affiliated Entities or the
Executive, as the case may be, or the business prospects of the Company except
for (i) such statements which the Executive may be required to make in the
ordinary course of his service as a member of, including Chairman of, the Board
or (ii) with respect to each of the Executive and the Company Affiliated
Entities, as otherwise required by applicable law.

         (c) Neither the Executive nor the Company Affiliated Entities shall
publicly comment (including private statements reasonably likely to be repeated
publicly) on, or discuss the circumstances surrounding, this Agreement or the
consulting agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C, except as mutually agreed or
as required by applicable law.

         SECTION 12.  Noncompetition, Noninterference and Nonsolicitation.

         (a) Subject to the geographic limitation of Section 12(b) hereof, the
Executive during the Term of Employment and for a period of two (2) years
following termination of employment in accordance with this Agreement shall not,
directly or indirectly, on his behalf or on behalf of any other person, firm,
corporation, association or other entity, as an employee or otherwise, engage
in, or in any way be concerned with or negotiate for, or acquire or maintain any
ownership interest in any business or activity which is the same as or
competitive with that conducted by the Company at the termination of his
employment, or which was engaged in or developed by the Company at any time
during the Term of Employment for specific implementation in the immediate
future by the Company.

         (b) The Executive acknowledges that the Company is engaged in business
throughout the United States and in various foreign countries and that the
Company intends to expand the geographic scope of its activities. Accordingly
and in view of the nature of his position and responsibilities, the Executive
agrees that the provisions of this Section shall be applicable to each state and
each foreign country, possession or territory in which the Company may be
engaged in business during the Term of Employment, or, with respect to the
Executive's



                                       17

<PAGE>

obligations following termination of his employment, at the termination of his
employment or at any time within the twelve-month period following the effective
date of his termination of employment.

         (c) The Executive agrees that for a period of two (2) years following
termination of employment in accordance with this Agreement, the Executive will
not, directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any third party at any
time in any manner, request or cause any of the Company's customers to cancel or
terminate any existing or continuing business relationship with the Company;
solicit, entice, persuade, induce, request or otherwise cause any employee,
officer or agent of the Company (other than clerical employees of the Company)
to refrain from rendering services to the Company or to terminate his or her
relationship, contractual or otherwise, with the Company; induce or attempt to
influence any supplier to cease or refrain from doing business or to decline to
do business with the Company; divert or attempt to divert any supplier from the
Company; or induce or attempt to influence any supplier to decline to do
business with any businesses of the Company as such businesses are constituted
immediately prior to the termination of employment.

         (d) The Executive agrees that for a period of two (2) years following
his termination of employment in accordance with this Agreement, the Executive
will not directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any third party,
solicit for business in competition with the business of the Company, accept any
business in competition with the business of the Company from or otherwise do,
or contract to do, business in competition with the business of the Company with
any person or entity who, at the time of, or any time during the twelve (12)
months preceding such termination, was an active customer or was actively
solicited by the Company according to the books and records of the Company and
within the knowledge, actual or constructive of the Executive.

         (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 12, the
prohibitions and agreements contained in subsections 12(a), 12(c), and 12(d)
shall terminate immediately upon any termination of Executive's employment
hereunder following a Change in Control.

         (f) Nothing in this Section 12 shall prohibit the Executive from being
a passive owner of not more than one percent of the outstanding common stock,
capital stock and equity of any firm, corporation, or enterprise so long as the
Executive has no active participation in the management of the business of such
firm, corporation or enterprise.





                                       18

<PAGE>

         SECTION 13.  Equitable Remedies.

         The Executive acknowledges that his compliance with the covenants in
Sections 11 and 12 of this Agreement is necessary to protect the good will and
other proprietary interests of the Company and that, in the event of any
violation by the Executive of the provisions of Section 11 or 12 of this
Agreement, the Company will sustain serious, irreparable and substantial harm to
its business, the extent of which will be difficult to determine and impossible
to remedy by an action at law for money damages. Accordingly, the Executive
agrees that, in the event of such violation or threatened violation by the
Executive, the Company shall be entitled to any injunction before trial from any
court of competent jurisdiction as a matter of course and upon the posting of
not more than a nominal bond in addition to all such other legal and equitable
remedies as may be available to the Company. The Executive further agrees that,
in the event any of the provisions of Sections 11 and 12 of this Agreement are
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to any applicable
statute, law or rule, or for any reason to be unenforceable as written, such
court may modify any of such provisions so as to permit enforcement thereof as
thus modified.

         SECTION 14.  Resolution of Disputes.

         Except as provided in Section 13, any disputes arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be resolved by third party mediation of the
dispute and, failing that, by binding arbitration, to be held in a location
mutually agreed to by the Parties, in accordance with the rules and procedures
of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Each
Party shall bear his or its own costs of the mediation, arbitration or
litigation, except that the Company shall bear all such costs if the Executive
prevails in such mediation, arbitration or litigation on any material issue.

         SECTION 15.  Indemnification.

         (a) The Company agrees that if the Executive is made a party, or is
threatened to be made a party, to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"), by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or is or
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is the Executive's alleged action in
an official capacity while serving as a director, officer, member, employee or
agent, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to
the fullest extent legally permitted or authorized by the Company's certificate
of incorporation or bylaws



                                       19

<PAGE>

or resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors or, if greater, by the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, against all cost, expense, liability and
loss (including, without limitation, attorney's fees, judgments, fines, ERISA
excise taxes or other liabilities or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in
settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by the Executive in connection
therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to the Executive even if
he has ceased to be a director, member, employee or agent of the Company or
other entity and shall inure to the benefit of the Executive's heirs, executors
and administrators. The Company shall advance to the Executive all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with a Proceeding within 20
calendar days after receipt by the Company of a written request for such
advance. Such request shall include an undertaking by the Executive to repay the
amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not
entitled to be indemnified against such costs and expenses.

         (b) Neither the failure of the Company (including its board of
directors, independent legal counsel or shareholders) to have made a
determination prior to the commencement of any Proceeding concerning payment of
amounts claimed by the Executive under Section 15(a) above that indemnification
of the Executive is proper because he has met the applicable standard of
conduct, nor a determination by the Company (including its board of directors,
independent legal counsel or shareholders) that the Executive has not met such
applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Executive
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

         (c) The Company agrees to continue and maintain a directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy covering the Executive which is no less
favorable than the policy covering other senior officers of the Company.

         SECTION 16.  Assignability; Binding Nature.

         This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Parties and their respective successors, heirs (in the case of the Executive)
and assigns. Rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be
assigned or transferred by the Company pursuant to a merger or consolidation in
which the Company is not the continuing entity, or the sale or liquidation of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, provided that the
assignee or transferee is the successor to all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company and such assignee or transferee assumes the liabilities,
obligations and duties of the Company, as contained in this Agreement, either
contractually or as a matter of law. The Company further agrees that, in the
event of a sale of assets or liquidation as described in the preceding sentence,
it shall take whatever action it reasonably can in order to cause such assignee
or transferee to expressly assume the liabilities, obligations and duties of the
Company hereunder. No rights or




                                       20

<PAGE>

obligations of the Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred
by the Executive other than his rights to compensation and benefits, which may
be transferred only by will or operation of law.

         SECTION 17.  Representation.

         The Company represents and warrants that it is fully authorized and
empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement will not violate any agreement between it and
any other person, firm or organization. The Executive represents that the
performance of his obligations under this Agreement will not violate any
agreement between him and any other person, firm or organization that would be
violated by the performance of his obligations under this Agreement.

         SECTION 18.  Entire Agreement.

         This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between
the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations and undertakings, whether
written or oral, between the Parties with respect thereto.

         SECTION 19.  Amendment or Waiver.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is
agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and an authorized officer of
the Company. No waiver by either Party of any breach by the other Party of any
condition or provision contained in this Agreement to be performed by such other
Party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision
at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Any waiver must be in writing and
signed by the Executive or an authorized officer of the Company, as the case may
be.

         SECTION 20.  Severability.

         In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement shall be
determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole or in part,
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall
remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law so as to
achieve the purposes of this Agreement.

         SECTION 21.  Survivorship.

         Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, the
respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, including the
covenants and the




                                       21

<PAGE>

agreements of Executive set forth in Sections 11, 12 and 13, shall survive any
termination of the Executive's employment. This Agreement itself (as
distinguished from the Executive's employment) may not be terminated by either
Party without the written consent of the other Party.

         SECTION 22.  References.

         In the event of the Executive's death or a judicial determination of
his incompetence, reference in this Agreement to the Executive shall be deemed,
where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary, estate or other legal
representative.

         SECTION 23.  Governing Law/Jurisdiction.

         This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York without reference to principles of conflict of laws.

         SECTION 24.  Notices.

         All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when (a) delivered personally, (b)
sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested
or (c) delivered by overnight courier (provided that a written acknowledgment of
receipt is obtained by the overnight courier) to the Party concerned at the
address indicated below or to such changed address as such Party may
subsequently give such notice of:

         If to the Company: AT&T Comcast Corporation

                1500 Market Street
                Philadelphia, PA 19102
                Attention: General Counsel


If to the Executive: Mr. C. Michael Armstrong

                c/o AT&T Comcast Corporation
                1114 Avenue of the Americas
                New York, New York 10036

         SECTION 25.  Headings.

         The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or
construction of any provision of this Agreement.



                                       22

<PAGE>

         SECTION 26.  Counterparts.




         This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts.






                                       23

<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have executed this Agreement on
November 18, 2002 as of the date first written above.

                                            AT&T Comcast Corporation


                                            By: --------------------------------

                                                  Name:
                                                  Title:



                                            By: --------------------------------

                                                  C. Michael Armstrong




                                       24

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT A
                                                                ----------
                                  DIRECTORSHIPS

Citigroup

TBG (private company, Supervisory Board)



                                       A-1

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT B
                                                                ----------
                           EXISTING PERFORMANCE AWARDS

           1. Performance Shares:

                (a) The Executive shall receive (i) an award under the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan (as defined in the EBA) for a certain number of
          Broadband performance shares and (ii) an award under the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan for a certain number of stock units (valued with
          respect to AT&T common stock), as described in the EBA. Such Broadband
          performance shares shall be converted automatically into equivalent
          awards based upon shares of Stock ("Company Performance Shares").

                (b) 2000 and 2001 Grants: Pursuant to the terms of the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan, the outstanding performance shares for the 2000 and
          2001 performance cycles shall vest in full as of the Effective Date
          and shall be considered to be earned and payable in full as of the
          Effective Date. In accordance with the resolution of the Board of
          Directors of AT&T dated October 22, 2000, the payout with respect to
          these performance shares shall be as follows:

                       (i) the Fair Market Value of a share of AT&T common stock
                  on the date of grant of the performance  share award (adjusted
                  to reflect  stock  splits,  etc.) or on November 15, 2002 (the
                  day prior to the Effective Date), whichever is greater; times

                      (ii) the current  target number of  performance  shares or
                  the  number of  performance  shares  based on the  performance
                  factor to date.

                  The payout  shall be at least 50% in cash,  and the  remainder
         shall be in the form of Stock, valued on the Effective Date.

                (c) 2002 Grant: The performance shares for the 2002-2004
          performance cycle shall not vest upon the Effective Date. Company
          Performance Shares and AT&T stock units will vest on December 31,
          2004. Company Performance Shares will be paid out at target in January
          2005. The form of payout will be at least 50% in cash, based on the
          Fair Market Value of Stock on the first trading day in 2005, and the
          remaining portion of the payment will be in Stock. AT&T stock units
          will be paid out in cash based on the Fair Market Value of AT&T common
          stock on the first trading day in 2005.





                                       B-1

<PAGE>

           2. Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs")

                (a) The Executive shall receive (i) an award under the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan for a certain number of Broadband RSUs (valued with
          respect to Broadband common stock) and (ii) an award under the
          Broadband Adjustment Plan for a certain number of stock units (valued
          with respect to AT&T common stock), as described in the EBA. Such
          Broadband RSUs shall be converted automatically into equivalent awards
          based upon shares of Stock ("Company RSUs"), as described in the
          Merger Agreement.

                (b) 1997 Grant:

                       (i) The Company RSUs and AT&T stock units shall vest and
                  be paid out on the earlier of (1) the date that the Executive
                  becomes Non-Executive Chairman of the Board or (2) October 1,
                  2003 (as applicable, the "Payment Date").

                       (ii) The form of payout will be Stock in respect of the
                  Company RSUs and cash in respect of the AT&T stock units,
                  based, in the latter case, on the Fair Market Value of AT&T
                  common stock on the day immediately prior to the Payment Date.

                       (iii) If the dollar value of the payment (determined by
                  adding the cash payment in respect of the AT&T stock units to
                  the Fair Market Value, on the day immediately prior to the
                  Payment Date, of the Stock paid with respect to the Company
                  RSUs) is less than $10,000,000, then the Executive will
                  receive in cash the excess of $10,000,000 over such dollar
                  value; provided that the calculation of Fair Market Value
                  shall not include any amounts attributable to dividends paid
                  with respect to such stock.

                (c) 2001 Grant: Pursuant to the terms of the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan, the 2001 grant shall vest in full and become payable
          as of the Effective Date. The form of payout will be Stock in respect
          of the Company RSUs, and cash in respect of the AT&T stock units,
          based, in the latter case, on the Fair Market Value of AT&T common
          stock on November 15, 2002.

           3.   Stock Options

                (a) The Executive shall receive an award under the Broadband
          Adjustment Plan for a certain number of options to purchase Broadband
          common stock, which shall be converted automatically into options to



                                       B-2

<PAGE>

         purchase shares of Stock, as described in the EBA and the Merger
         Agreement.

                (b) Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, options
          granted prior to December 19, 2001 shall vest in full as of the
          Effective Date and shall remain exercisable for the remainder of their
          original terms.

                (c) Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, options
          granted on or after December 19, 2001 shall not vest as of the
          Effective Date and shall remain subject to their original vesting
          terms.

           4.   Change in Control

         If an award described in Exhibit B of this Agreement is to be
determined by reference to AT&T shares, then such award shall vest and become
exercisable and be paid out, as the case may be, upon a Change in Control of
AT&T (substituting "AT&T" for the "Company" in the definition of Change in
Control). If an award described in Exhibit B of this Agreement is to be
determined by reference to Company shares, then such award shall vest and be
paid out upon a change in control of the Company, as such term is defined in
this Agreement.





                                       B-3

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT C
                                                                ----------

                                                  [FORM OF CONSULTING AGREEMENT]



                                      C-1
<PAGE>
                                                                       Exhibit C

                              CONSULTING AGREEMENT



         CONSULTING AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), made as of [ ], 2004, by and
between Comcast Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (together with its
successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement, the "Company"), and C.
Michael Armstrong (the "Consultant").

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, the Consultant is employed by the Company pursuant to the
Employment Agreement (as defined herein); and

         WHEREAS, the Consultant has elected to retire from his position as Non-
Executive Chairman of the Board and to retire from employment with the Company,
effective [ ], 2004; and

         WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the benefit of the Consultant's
knowledge and experience by retaining the Consultant, and the Consultant desires
to accept such position, for the term and upon the other conditions hereinafter
set forth; and

         WHEREAS, in connection with Consultant's retirement from his position
as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and retirement from employment with the
Company, the parties desire to supersede and replace the Employment Agreement
with this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is mutually acknowledged, the Company and the Consultant (individually a
"Party" and together the "Parties") agree as follows:

         SECTION 1.  Definitions.

            (a) "Affiliate" of a person or other entity shall mean a person or
other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with the person or other entity specified.

            (b) "AT&T" shall mean AT&T Corp., a New York corporation.

            (c) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.



<PAGE>


            (d) "Broadband" shall mean AT&T Broadband Corp., a Delaware
corporation.

            (e) "Cause" shall mean:

                (i) the Consultant is convicted of a felony involving the
          Consultant's moral turpitude; or

                (ii) the Consultant is guilty of willful gross neglect or
          willful gross misconduct in carrying out his duties under this
          Agreement, resulting, in either case, in material economic harm to the
          Company, unless the Consultant believed in good faith that such act or
          nonact was in the best interests of the Company.

            (f) "Change in Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
following events:

                (i) An acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within
          the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange
          Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) (an "Entity") of beneficial
          ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
          Exchange Act) of 20% or more of either (A) the then outstanding shares
          of common stock of the Company (the "Outstanding Company Stock") or
          (B) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
          securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
          of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); excluding,
          however, the following: (1) any acquisition directly from the Company,
          other than an acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion
          privilege unless the security being so converted was itself acquired
          directly from the Company, (2) any acquisition by the Company, (3) any
          acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored
          or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the
          Company, or (4) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a
          transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection
          (iii) of this Section 1(f);

                (ii) A change in the composition of the Board such that the
          individuals who, as of the effective date of this Agreement,
          constitute the Board (such Board shall be hereinafter referred to as
          the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
          majority of the Board; provided, however, that for purposes of this
          definition, any individual who becomes a member of the Board
          subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement, whose election, or
          nomination for election, by the Company's


                                       2
<PAGE>

          shareholders was approved by a vote of at least a two-thirds majority
          of those individuals who are members of the Board and who were also
          members of the Incumbent Board (or deemed to be such pursuant to this
          proviso) shall be considered as though such individual were a member
          of the Incumbent Board; and provided, further however, that any such
          individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of or
          in connection with either an actual or threatened election contest (as
          such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under
          the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of
          proxies or consents by or on behalf of an Entity other than the Board
          shall not be so considered as a member of the Incumbent Board;

                (c) A merger, reorganization or consolidation to which the
          Company is a party or a sale or other disposition of all or
          substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a "Corporate
          Transaction"); excluding however, such a Corporate Transaction
          pursuant to which (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and
          entities who are the beneficial owners, respectively, of the
          Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
          immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction will beneficially own,
          directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the
          outstanding shares of common stock, and the combined voting power of
          the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in
          the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation
          resulting from such Corporate Transaction (including, without
          limitation, a corporation or other person which as a result of such
          transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the
          Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries
          (a "Parent Company")) in substantially the same proportions as their
          ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction, of the
          Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities,
          as the case may be, (B) no Entity (other than the Company, any
          employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company, such
          corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (or, if
          reference was made to equity ownership of any Parent Company for
          purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is satisfied in
          connection with the applicable Corporate Transaction, such Parent
          Company) will beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 20% or more
          of, respectively, the outstanding shares of common stock of the
          corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (or, if
          reference was made to equity ownership of any Parent Company for
          purposes of determining whether clause (A) above is satisfied in
          connection with the applicable Corporate Transaction, such Parent
          Company) or the combined voting power of the outstanding voting
          securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the
          election of directors unless such ownership resulted


                                       3
<PAGE>

          solely from ownership of securities of the Company prior to the
          Corporate Transaction, and (C) individuals who were members of the
          Incumbent Board will immediately after the consummation of the
          Corporate Transaction constitute at least a two-thirds majority of the
          members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from
          such Corporate Transaction (or, if reference was made to equity
          ownership of any Parent Company for purposes of determining whether
          clause (A) above is satisfied in connection with the applicable
          Corporate Transaction, of the Parent Company); or

                (iv) The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a plan
          of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

            (g) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

            (h) "Constructive Termination Without Cause" shall mean termination
by the Consultant of his service at his initiative following the occurrence of
any of the following events without his consent:

                (i) a reduction in the Consultancy Fee or the termination or
          material reduction of any benefits provided under this Agreement
          (other than as part of an across-the-board reduction applicable to all
          executive officers of the Company);

                (ii) prior to the 2005 Annual Meeting, the failure to elect or
          reelect the Consultant to the Board or the removal of him from the
          Board;

                (iii) the relocation of the Consultant's own principal office
          from its location in the Grace Building;

                (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in
          writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor
          to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within 15
          calendar days after a merger, consolidation, sale or similar
          transaction; or

                (v) any breach of this Agreement by the Company.

                  Following written notice from the Consultant, as described
         above, the Company shall have 15 calendar days in which to cure. If the
         Company fails to cure, the Consultant's termination shall become
         effective on the 16th calendar day following the written notice.





                                        4

<PAGE>


           (i) "Disability" shall mean the Consultant's inability, due to
physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform his duties and
responsibilities under this Agreement as determined by a medical doctor selected
by the Company and the Consultant. If the Parties cannot agree on a medical
doctor, each Party shall select a medical doctor and the two doctors shall
select a third who shall be the approved medical doctor for this purpose.

           (j) "EBA" shall mean the Employee Benefits Agreement by and between
AT&T and Broadband dated as of December 19, 2001.

           (k) "Employment Agreement" shall mean the Employment Agreement
entered into as of November 18, 2002 by and between the Company and the
Consultant.

           (l) "Fair Market Value" shall mean the value of a share of Stock or a
share of AT&T stock, as the case may be, as traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market or
the New York Stock Exchange, as the case may be, on the date in question, based
on the respective closing prices.

           (m) "Grace Building" shall mean the W.R. Grace Building at 1114
Avenue of the Americas (and 41 West 42nd Street), New York, New York or any
other building of comparable stature maintained by the Company as its principal
place of business in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.

           (n) "Merger Agreement" shall mean the Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of December 19, 2001, as amended, by and among AT&T, Broadband, Comcast
Corporation, AT&T Broadband Acquisition Corp., Comcast Acquisition Corp. and the
Company.

           (o) "Stock" shall mean Class A Common Stock of the Company.

           (p) "Term" shall mean the period specified in Section 3 below.

           (q) "Termination Date" shall mean the date that is one year after the
2005 Annual Meeting.

           (r) "2004 Annual Meeting" shall mean the regularly scheduled 2004
annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.

           (s) "2005 Annual Meeting" shall mean the regularly scheduled 2005
annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company.








                                        5

<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.  Retirement as Chairman.

         Consultant hereby retires from employment with the Company and from his
position as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board effective as of the close of
business on [ ], 2004 (the "Effective Date").

         SECTION 3.  Term.

         The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and end on the Termination
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the Effective Date, the Term may be
earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section
8.

         SECTION 4.  Positions, Duties and Responsibilities.

            (a) During the Term, Consultant shall be a senior advisor and
consultant to the Company and, upon reasonable request of the Chief Executive
Officer, or an Executive Vice President of the Company mutually designated by
the Chief Executive Officer and the Consultant, make himself available to
perform consulting and advisory services with respect to strategic issues
concerning the Company. Such consulting and advisory services shall be related
to such matters as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or an Executive
Vice President of the Company so mutually designated, and Consultant may
mutually agree. During the Term, the Consultant shall accommodate reasonable
requests for the Consultant's consulting and advisory services, by making
himself reasonably available, by phone or otherwise, to perform such services,
but in no event shall Consultant be required to devote more than eighty hours
per month to his services hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the
time that the Consultant serves as a director of the Company, he shall devote
such time as is necessary to satisfy his fiduciary duties as a director. In
addition, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the
Consultant shall serve as a director of the Company through the 2005 Annual
Meeting.

            (b) Nothing herein shall preclude the Consultant from (i) serving on
the boards of directors of a reasonable number of other corporations subject to
the approval of the Board in each case (which approval has been given as to the
boards listed in Exhibit A attached hereto), which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld, (ii) serving on the boards of a reasonable number of
trade associations and/or charitable organizations, (iii) engaging in any
charitable or business activities and community affairs, and (iv) managing his
personal investments and affairs, provided that such activities set forth in
this Section 4(b) do not materially interfere with the proper performance of his
duties and responsibilities under Sections 4(a).


                                       6
<PAGE>
         SECTION 5.  Compensation.

            (a) As soon as practicable after the Effective Date, in recognition
of the Consultant's retirement from employment with the Company and from his
position as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, the Company shall pay to the
Consultant an amount in cash equal to the sum of (a) the base salary under the
Employment Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date,
payable from the Effective Date through April 15, 2005, which shall not be less
than one year's base salary, (b) the Target Bonus under the Employment Agreement
for calendar year 2004, and (c) a pro-rata portion of the Target Bonus under the
Employment Agreement for calendar year 2005, equal to such Target Bonus,
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from
January 1, 2005 until April 15, 2005 and the denominator of which is 365.

            (b) During the Term, the Consultant shall be paid consultancy fees
at the rate of $900,000 per year (the "Consultancy Fee"). The Consultancy Fee
shall be paid in equal monthly installments on the last day of each month. In no
event shall the Consultancy Fee be decreased.

         SECTION 6.  Outstanding Long-term Incentive Awards.

            (a) Existing Performance Awards. Subject to the provisions of
Section 8, Exhibit B attached hereto sets forth the treatment of outstanding
equity-based awards held by the Consultant as of the Effective Date.

            (b) Options. Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit B, all options
held by the Consultant as of the Effective Time shall continue to vest during
the Term as if he had remained employed by the Company. On the Termination Date,
all options held by the Consultant shall become fully vested and shall remain
exercisable for the remainder of their original ten-year terms.

         SECTION 7.  Benefit Programs; Reimbursement of Business and Other
Expenses.

            (a) The Consultant shall not be entitled to participate in any
employee benefit plans or other benefits or conditions of employment available
to the employees of the Company, except as provided in Section 6 , Section 7 or
elsewhere in this Agreement.

            (b) During the Term, the Consultant's principal office shall be the
office the Consultant occupied as an executive of the Company in the Grace
Building. The Company shall provide full-time secretarial support for the
Consultant's principal office, as selected by the Consultant in his sole
discretion.



                                       7
<PAGE>

            (c) From the Effective Date until the 2005 Annual Meeting, the
Consultant shall be entitled to participate in each of the Company's executive
services in accordance with the terms and conditions of such arrangements as
they are in effect from time to time for the Company's Chief Executive Officer
(except for the executive services as set forth below). During the Term, the
Consultant shall be entitled to (a) primary personal use of an airplane on the
same economic terms as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and (b) tax
preparation and financial counseling services (plus a gross-up for applicable
taxes payable in connection with the provisions of such services, but only if
such gross-up is provided to a senior executive of the Company). In addition,
the Company shall pay the dues for the Consultant's membership in each of the
Business Roundtable, the G-100 and the Business Council through the 2004 Annual
Meeting.

            (d) During the Term, the Company shall pay when due the premiums for
the Consultant's Senior Management Universal Life Insurance Policy (as in effect
as of the Effective Date), and a gross-up for all federal taxes payable by the
Consultant in connection with the payment of such premiums.

            (e) The Consultant is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in
carrying out his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement and the
Company shall promptly reimburse him for all business expenses incurred in
connection with carrying out the business of the Company, subject to
documentation in accordance with the Company's policy.

         SECTION 8.  Termination.

            (a) Termination Due to Death. In the event that the Consultant's
performance of consulting services is terminated due to his death, his estate or
his beneficiaries, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the following
benefits:

                (i) the Consultancy Fee through the end of the month in which
          his death occurs;

                (ii) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms; and

                (iii) all outstanding performance shares and other equity-based
          awards shall vest and be paid out (at target, with respect to the
          performance shares) in a single installment promptly after his death.



                                       8
<PAGE>

            (b) Termination Due to Disability. In the event that the
Consultant's service is terminated due to his Disability, he shall be entitled
to the following benefits:

                (i) the Consultancy Fee through the end of the month in which
          disability benefits commence;

                (ii) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms; and

                (iii) all outstanding performance shares and other equity-based
          awards shall vest and be paid out (at target, with respect to the
          performance shares) in a single installment promptly after his
          termination.

                  In no event shall a termination  of the  Consultant's  service
for  Disability  occur until the Party  terminating  his service  gives  written
notice to the other Party in accordance with Section 23 below.

            (c)   Termination by the Company for Cause.

                (i) A termination for Cause shall not take effect unless the
          provisions of this paragraph (i) are complied with. The Consultant
          shall be given written notice by the Board, authorized by a vote of no
          less than 75% of the Board, of the intention to terminate him for
          Cause, such notice (A) to state in detail the particular act or acts
          or failure or failures to act that constitute the grounds on which the
          proposed termination for Cause is based and (B) to be given within six
          months of the Board learning of such act or acts or failure or
          failures to act. The Consultant shall have ten calendar days after the
          date that such written notice has been given to the Consultant in
          which to cure such conduct, to the extent such cure is possible. If he
          fails to cure such conduct, the Consultant shall then be entitled to a
          hearing before the Board. Such hearing shall be held within 15
          calendar days of such notice to the Consultant, provided he requests
          such hearing within ten calendar days of the written notice from the
          Board of the intention to terminate him for Cause. If, within five
          calendar days following such hearing, the Consultant is furnished
          written notice by the Board confirming that, in its judgment, grounds
          for Cause on the basis of the original notice exist, he shall
          thereupon be terminated for Cause.

                (ii) In the event the Company terminates the Consultant's
          service for Cause:


                                       9
<PAGE>

                       (A) the Consultant  shall be entitled to the  Consultancy
                  Fee through the date of the termination; and

                       (B) all outstanding options which are not exercisable
                  shall be forfeited; exercisable options shall remain
                  exercisable until the earlier of the ninetieth day after the
                  date of termination or the originally scheduled expiration
                  date of the options unless the Board determines otherwise.

            (d) Termination without Cause or Constructive Termination without
Cause. In the event the Consultant's service is terminated by the Company
without Cause, other than due to Disability or death, or in the event there is a
Constructive Termination without Cause, the Consultant shall be entitled to the
following benefits:

                (i) the Consultancy Fee through the date of termination;

                (ii) a cash payment of $1,800,000, payable in a single
          installment promptly after his termination;

                (iii) all outstanding options, whether or not then exercisable,
          shall become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the end of
          their originally scheduled ten-year terms;

                (iv) all outstanding performance shares and other equity-based
          awards shall vest and be paid out (at target, with respect to the
          performance shares) in a single installment promptly after his
          termination; and

                (v) if such termination occurs on or prior to the second
          anniversary of the effective date of the Employment Agreement, the
          Consultant shall be entitled to receive a lump sum cash amount equal
          to the greater of (A) (X) the product of three multiplied by the sum
          of (I) the Base Salary (as defined in the Employment Agreement), (II)
          the annual incentive award, equal to the target bonus established by
          AT&T for 2002, which was 150% of such Base Salary, and (III) the
          long-term performance share award, equal to the performance share
          target set by AT&T for 2002 and (B) the product of four multiplied by
          the sum of Base Salary (as defined in the Employment Agreement), at
          the annualized rate in effect on the date of termination of employment
          under the Employment Agreement, and the Target Bonus (as defined in
          the Employment Agreement) for the year in which the termination of
          employment under the Employment Agreement occurs. If such termination
          occurs after the second anniversary


                                       10
<PAGE>

          of the effective date of the Employment Agreement, the Consultant
          shall be entitled to receive the payment set forth in clause (B) of
          this Section 8(d)(v).

          (e) Gross-up Payment.

                (i) If the aggregate of all payments or benefits made or
          provided to the Consultant under this Agreement and under all other
          plans and programs of the Company (the "Aggregate Payment") is
          determined to constitute a Parachute Payment within the meaning of
          Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, the Company shall pay to the
          Consultant, prior to the time any excise tax imposed by Section 4999
          of the Code ("Excise Tax") is payable with respect to such Aggregate
          Payment, an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") which, after
          the imposition of all income, employment, excise and other taxes
          thereon, is equal to the Excise Tax on the Aggregate Payment. The
          determination of whether the Aggregate Payment constitutes a Parachute
          Payment and, if so, the amount to be paid to the Consultant and the
          time of payment pursuant to this Section 8(e)(i) shall be made by an
          independent auditor (the "Auditor") selected by the Parties and paid
          by the Company. The Auditor shall be a nationally recognized United
          States public accounting firm which has not, during the two years
          preceding the date of its selection, acted in any way on behalf of the
          Company or any Affiliate thereof. If the Consultant and the Company
          cannot agree on the firm to serve as the Auditor, then the Consultant
          and the Company shall each designate one accounting firm and those two
          firms shall jointly select the accounting firm to serve as the
          Auditor. All fees and expenses of the Auditor shall be borne solely by
          the Company. Any Gross- Up Payment shall be paid by the Company to the
          Consultant within five calendar days of the receipt of the Auditor's
          determination. Any determination by the Auditor shall be binding upon
          the Company and the Consultant.

                (ii) As a result of uncertainty in the application of Sections
          280G and 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by
          the Auditor hereunder, it is possible that the Gross-Up Payment made
          will have been an amount more than the Company should have paid
          pursuant to Section 8(e)(i) (the "Overpayment") or that the Gross-Up
          Payment made will have been an amount less than the Company should
          have paid pursuant to Section 8(e)(i) (the "Underpayment"). In the
          event that there is a final determination by the Internal Revenue
          Service, or a final determination by a court of competent
          jurisdiction, that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment
          shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Consultant which
          the Consultant shall repay to the Company



                                       11
<PAGE>


          together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in
          Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. In the event that there is a final
          determination by the Internal Revenue Service, a final determination
          by a court of competent jurisdiction or a change in the provisions of
          the Code or regulations pursuant to which an Underpayment arises under
          this Agreement, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the
          Company to or for the benefit of the Consultant together with interest
          at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of
          the Code.

                (iii) The Consultant shall notify the Company in writing of any
          claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would
          result in an Underpayment and would require the payment by the Company
          of an additional Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as
          soon as practicable but no later than 10 business days after the
          Consultant is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise the
          Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim
          is requested to be paid. The Consultant shall not pay such claim prior
          to the expiration of the 30 calendar day period following the date on
          which the Consultant gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter
          period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to
          such claim is due). If the Company notifies the Consultant in writing
          prior to the expiration of such period that it desires to contest such
          claim, the Consultant shall:

                       (A) give the Company any information reasonably requested
                  by the Company relating to such claim,

                       (B) take such action in connection with contesting such
                  claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from
                  time to time, including, without limitation, accepting legal
                  representation with respect to such claim by an attorney
                  reasonably selected by the Company,

                       (C) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order
                  effectively to contest such claim, and

                       (D) permit the Company to participate in any proceeding
                  relating to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Consultant harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income or employment tax (including
interest and penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such
proceeding and



                                       12
<PAGE>

payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 8(e), the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest, provided that the Company's control of the contest shall be
limited to issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable
hereunder and Consultant shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may
be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority.

            (f) Other Termination Benefits. In the case of any of the foregoing
terminations the Consultant or his estate shall also be entitled to:

                (i) the balance of any incentive awards due for performance
          periods which have been completed, but which have not yet been paid;

                (ii) any expense reimbursements due the Consultant;

                (iii) with respect to the Consultant only, (i) tax preparation
          and financial counseling services for the period beginning on the date
          of termination and ending on the Termination Date (plus a gross-up for
          all applicable taxes payable in connection with the provisions of such
          services, but only if such gross-up is provided to a senior executive
          of the Company); (ii) primary personal use of the Company airplane, on
          the economic terms set forth in Section 7(c), for the period beginning
          on the date of termination and ending on the Termination Date; and
          (iii) continued payment by the Company when due of the premiums for
          the Senior Management Universal Life Insurance Policy provided under
          Section 7 of this Agreement, and a gross-up for all federal taxes
          payable in connection with the payment of such premiums, for the
          period beginning on the date of termination and ending on the
          Termination Date;

                (iv) with respect to the Consultant only, use of his office in
          the Grace Building until the Termination Date and then, at the
          Company's option, use of his office in the Grace Building or a
          comparable office, as determined by the Company in its sole
          discretion, in the borough of Manhattan in New York City for the
          two-year period commencing on the Termination Date. The Company shall
          provide full-time secretarial support for the Consultant's principal
          office, as selected by the Consultant in his sole discretion. The
          Company shall use its reasonable efforts to maintain the Grace
          Building office for the Consultant's use during this latter period;
          and

                (v) other benefits, if any, in accordance with applicable plans
          and programs of the Company and this Agreement.




                                       13
<PAGE>

            (g) No Mitigation; No Offset. In the event of any termination of
service under this Section 8, the Consultant shall be under no obligation to
seek other employment and there shall be no offset against amounts due the
Consultant under this Agreement on account of any remuneration attributable to
any subsequent employment that he may obtain.

            (h) Nature of Payments. Any amounts due under this Section 8 are in
the nature of severance payments considered to be reasonable by the Company and
are not in the nature of a penalty.

         SECTION 9.  Confidential Information; Prohibited Public Statements;
Publicity.

            (a) The Company (as hereinafter specially defined for purposes of
Sections 9 through 11 hereof), pursuant to the Consultant's performance of
consulting services hereunder, provides the Consultant access to and confides in
him business methods and systems, techniques and methods of operation developed
at great expense by the Company ("Trade Secrets") and which the Consultant
recognizes to be unique assets of the Company's business. The Consultant shall
not, during or at any time after the Term, directly or indirectly, in any manner
utilize or disclose to any person, firm, corporation, association or other
entity, except (i) where required by law, (ii) to directors, consultants or
employees of the Company in the ordinary course of his duties or (iii) during
his performance of consulting services as a consultant or serving as a member of
the Board for such use and disclosure as he shall reasonably determine to be in
the best interest of the Company: (A) any such Trade Secrets, (B) any sales
prospects, customer lists, products, research or data of any kind, or (C) any
information relating to strategic plans, sales, costs, profits or the financial
condition of the Company or any of its customers or prospective customers, which
are not generally known to the public or recognized as standard practice in the
industry in which the Company shall be engaged. The Consultant further covenants
and agrees that he will promptly deliver to the Company all tangible evidence of
the knowledge and information described in (A), (B) and (C), above, prior to or
at the termination of the Consultant's service. For purposes of Sections 9, 10
and 11 hereof the term "Company" shall mean Comcast Corporation ("Comcast") as
well as (I) each of its more than fifty percent (50%) owned subsidiaries and
(II) each other entity in which Comcast directly or indirectly has a greater
than ten percent (10%) equity interest, the fair market value of which interest
is in excess of $50,000,000. In determining Comcast's equity interest for
purposes of this definition, any equity interest which Comcast has an option to
purchase shall be considered as owned by Comcast.



                                       14
<PAGE>

            (b) Neither the Consultant nor the Company, its officers or
directors (collectively, the "Company Affiliated Entities") shall, either during
or at any time after the Term, directly or indirectly make any public statement
(including a private statement reasonably likely to be repeated publicly)
reflecting adversely on the Company Affiliated Entities or the Consultant, as
the case may be, or the business prospects of the Company, except for (a) such
statements which the Consultant may be required to make in the ordinary course
of his position as senior consultant to the Company or (b) with respect to each
of the Consultant and the Company Affiliated Entities, as otherwise required by
applicable law.

            (c) Neither the Consultant nor the Company Affiliated Entities shall
comment (including private statements reasonably likely to be repeated publicly)
on, or discuss the circumstances surrounding, this Agreement, except as mutually
agreed or as required by applicable law.

         SECTION 10.  Noncompetition, Noninterference and Nonsolicitation.

            (a) Subject to the geographic limitation of Section 10(b) hereof,
the Consultant, for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the
Termination Date, shall not, directly or indirectly, on his behalf or on behalf
of any other person, firm, corporation, association or other entity, as an
employee or otherwise, engage in, or in any way be concerned with or negotiate
for, or acquire or maintain any ownership interest in any business or activity
which is the same as or competitive with that conducted by the Company at the
termination of his employment, or which was engaged in or developed by the
Company at any time during the term of the Employment Agreement for specific
implementation in the immediate future by the Company.

            (b) The Consultant acknowledges that the Company is engaged in
business throughout the United States and in various foreign countries and that
the Company intends to expand the geographic scope of its activities.
Accordingly and in view of the nature of his position and responsibilities, the
Consultant agrees that the provisions of this Section shall be applicable to
each state and each foreign country, possession or territory in which the
Company may be engaged in business during the Term or the term of the Employment
Agreement, or, with respect to the Consultant's obligations following
termination of his employment under the Employment Agreement, at the termination
of his service or at any time within the twelve-month period following the
effective date of his termination of employment under the Employment Agreement.

            (c) The Consultant agrees that, for the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending on the Termination Date, the Consultant will not,
directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any third party at any time
in any manner,



                                       15
<PAGE>

request or cause any of the Company's customers to cancel or terminate any
existing or continuing business relationship with the Company; solicit, entice,
persuade, induce, request or otherwise cause any employee, officer or agent of
the Company (other than clerical employees of the Company) to refrain from
rendering services to the Company or to terminate his or her relationship,
contractual or otherwise, with the Company; induce or attempt to influence any
supplier to cease or refrain from doing business or to decline to do business
with the Company; divert or attempt to divert any supplier from the Company; or
induce or attempt to influence any supplier to decline to do business with any
businesses of the Company as such businesses are constituted immediately prior
to the termination of employment under the Employment Agreement.

            (d) The Consultant agrees that, for the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending on the Termination Date, the Consultant will not
directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any third party, solicit for
business in competition with the business of the Company, accept any business in
competition with the business of the Company from or otherwise do, or contract
to do, business in competition with the business of the Company with any person
or entity who, at the time of, or any time during the twelve (12) months
preceding such termination, was an active customer or was actively solicited by
the Company according to the books and records of the Company and within the
knowledge, actual or constructive, of the Consultant.

            (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10, the
prohibitions and agreements contained in subsections 10(a), 10(c), and 10(d)
shall terminate immediately upon any termination of Consultant's service
hereunder following a Change in Control.

            (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the Term, the
Consultant engages in any behavior that would be prohibited under this Section,
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company shall be
relieved of its obligations under Section 8(f)(iv) of this Agreement.

            (g) Nothing in this Section 10 shall prohibit the Consultant from
being a passive owner of not more than one percent of the outstanding common
stock, capital stock and equity of any firm, corporation, or enterprise so long
as the Consultant has no active participation in the management of the business
of such firm, corporation or enterprise.

         SECTION 11.  Equitable Remedies.

         The Consultant acknowledges that his compliance with the covenants in
Sections 9 and 10 of this Agreement is necessary to protect the good will and



                                       16
<PAGE>

other proprietary interests of the Company and that, in the event of any
violation by the Consultant of the provisions of Section 9 or 10 of this
Agreement, the Company will sustain serious, irreparable and substantial harm to
its business, the extent of which will be difficult to determine and impossible
to remedy by an action at law for money damages. Accordingly, the Consultant
agrees that, in the event of such violation or threatened violation by the
Consultant, the Company shall be entitled to any injunction before trial from
any court of competent jurisdiction as a matter of course and upon the posting
of not more than a nominal bond in addition to all such other legal and
equitable remedies as may be available to the Company. The Consultant further
agrees that, in the event any of the provisions of Sections 9 and 10 of this
Agreement are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to
any applicable statute, law or rule, or for any reason to be unenforceable as
written, such court may modify any of such provisions so as to permit
enforcement thereof as thus modified.

         SECTION 12.  Resolution of Disputes.

         Except as provided in Section 11, any disputes arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be resolved by third party mediation of the
dispute and, failing that, by binding arbitration, to be held in a location
mutually agreed to by the Parties, in accordance with the rules and procedures
of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Each
Party shall bear his or its own costs of the mediation, arbitration or
litigation, except that the Company shall bear all such costs if the Consultant
prevails in such mediation, arbitration or litigation on any material issue.

         SECTION 13.  Indemnification.

            (a) The Company agrees that if the Consultant is made a party, or is
threatened to be made a party, to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"), by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or is or
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans,
whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is the Consultant's alleged action
in an official capacity while serving as a director, officer, member, employee
or agent, the Consultant shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company
to the fullest extent legally permitted or authorized by the Company's
certificate of incorporation or bylaws or resolutions of the Board or, if
greater, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, against all cost,
expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney's fees,
judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or other



                                       17
<PAGE>

liabilities or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by the Consultant in connection therewith, and
such indemnification shall continue as to the Consultant even if he has ceased
to be a director, member, employee or agent of the Company or other entity and
shall inure to the benefit of the Consultant's heirs, executors and
administrators. The Company shall advance to the Consultant all reasonable costs
and expenses incurred by him in connection with a Proceeding within 20 calendar
days after receipt by the Company of a written request for such advance. Such
request shall include an undertaking by the Consultant to repay the amount of
such advance if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be
indemnified against such costs and expenses.

            (b) Neither the failure of the Company (including its board of
directors, independent legal counsel or shareholders) to have made a
determination prior to the commencement of any Proceeding concerning payment of
amounts claimed by the Consultant under Section 13(a) above that indemnification
of the Consultant is proper because he has met the applicable standard of
conduct, nor a determination by the Company (including its board of directors,
independent legal counsel or shareholders) that the Consultant has not met such
applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Consultant
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

            (c) The Company agrees to continue and maintain a directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy covering the Consultant which is no less
favorable than the policy covering senior officers of the Company.

         SECTION 14. Assignability; Binding Nature. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors, heirs (in the case of the Consultant) and assigns. Rights or
obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred
by the Company pursuant to a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not
the continuing entity, or the sale or liquidation of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, provided that the assignee or transferee is the
successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and such
assignee or transferee assumes the liabilities, obligations and duties of the
Company, as contained in this Agreement, either contractually or as a matter of
law. The Company further agrees that, in the event of a sale of assets or
liquidation as described in the preceding sentence, it shall take whatever
action it reasonably can in order to cause such assignee or transferee to
expressly assume the liabilities, obligations and duties of the Company
hereunder. No rights or obligations of the Consultant under this Agreement may
be assigned or transferred by the Consultant other than his rights to
compensation and benefits, which may be transferred only by will or operation of
law.



                                       18
<PAGE>


         SECTION 15.  The Consultant's Independence and Discretion.

            (a) Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute the
Parties hereto as partners or as joint venturers, or either as agent of the
order, or as employer and employee. By virtue of the relationship described
herein the Consultant's relationship to the Company during the Term shall only
be that of an independent contractor and the Consultant shall perform all
services pursuant to this Agreement as an independent contractor. The Consultant
shall not provide any services under the Company's business name, except as
requested hereunder, and shall not present himself as an employee of the
Company.

            (b) Subject only to such specific limitations as are contained in
this Agreement, the manner, means, details or methods by which the Consultant
performs his obligations under this Agreement shall be solely within the
discretion of the Consultant. The Company shall not have the authority to, nor
shall it, supervise, direct or control the manner, means, details or methods
utilized by the Consultant to perform his obligations under this Agreement and
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to grant the Company any such
authority.

            (c) To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Company will
not withhold any amounts as federal income tax withholding from wages or as
employee contributions under the Federal Insurance Contributions Act or any
other state or federal laws. The Consultant shall be solely responsible for
payment of any required employment taxes or contributions.

         SECTION 16. Representation. The Company represents and warrants that it
is fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement will not violate any
agreement between it and any other person, firm or organization. The Consultant
represents that the performance of his obligations under this Agreement will not
violate any agreement between him and any other person, firm or organization
that would be violated by the performance of his obligations under this
Agreement.

         SECTION 17. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire
understanding and agreement between the Parties concerning the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions,
negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the Parties with
respect thereto, except, without duplication, for those provisions of the
Employment Agreement that would otherwise survive the termination of such
Employment Agreement. The Consultant acknowledges that, except as provided
herein, he shall not be entitled to any other payment, benefits or prerequisites
from the Company or any of its subsidiaries on account of his former employment
by, or his retirement from, the Company, except that the Consultant shall be
entitled



                                       19
<PAGE>
to any benefits due to him as a retired employee under the Company's employee
benefit plans.

         SECTION 18. Amendment or Waiver. No provision in this Agreement may be
amended unless such amendment is agreed to in writing and signed by the
Consultant and an authorized officer of the Company. No waiver by either Party
of any breach by the other Party of any condition or provision contained in this
Agreement to be performed by such other Party shall be deemed a waiver of a
similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same or any prior or
subsequent time. Any waiver must be in writing and signed by the Consultant or
an authorized officer of the Company, as the case may be.

         SECTION 19. Severability. In the event that any provision or portion of
this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any
reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be
unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest
extent permitted by law so as to achieve the purposes of this Agreement.

         SECTION 20. Survivorship. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in
this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder
shall survive any termination of the Consultant's service. This Agreement itself
(as distinguished from the Consultant's service) may not be terminated by either
Party without the written consent of the other Party.

         SECTION 21. References. In the event of the Consultant's death or a
judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this Agreement to the
Consultant shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary,
estate or other legal representative.

         SECTION 22. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be
governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference
to principles of conflict of laws.

         SECTION 23. Notices. All notices and other communications required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when (a)
delivered personally, (b) sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested or (c) delivered by overnight courier (provided that a
written acknowledgment of receipt is obtained by the overnight courier) to the
Party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address as
such Party may subsequently give such notice of:




                                       20
<PAGE>

         If to the Company:                 Comcast Corporation
                                            1500 Market Street
                                            Philadelphia, PA 19102
                                            Attention: General Counsel

         If to the Consultant:              Mr. C. Michael Armstrong
                                            c/o Comcast Corporation
                                            1114 Avenue of the Americas
                                            New York, NY 10036

         SECTION 24. Headings. The headings of the sections contained in this
Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect
the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         SECTION 25. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts.






                                       21

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the undersigned have executed this Agreement
on [           ], 2004 as of the date first written above.



                                    Comcast Corporation


                                    By:  ____________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                    By:  ____________________
                                         C. Michael Armstrong






                                       22

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT A
                                                                ----------

                                  DIRECTORSHIPS

Citigroup

TBG (private company, Supervisory Board)






                                       23

<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT B
                                                                ----------


   1. Performance Shares: The 2002 grant of performance shares was
      converted into Company performance shares and AT&T stock units, pursuant
      to the terms of the EBA and the Merger Agreement. Company performance
      shares and AT&T stock units will vest on the Effective Date. Company
      performance shares will be paid out at target as soon as practicable after
      the Effective Date. The form of payout will be at least 50% in cash, based
      on the Fair Market Value of Stock on the day immediately preceding the
      Effective Date, and the remaining portion of the payment will be in Stock.
      The AT&T stock unit portion of the award will be paid out in cash based on
      the Fair Market Value of AT&T common stock on the day immediately
      preceding the Effective Date.

   2. Stock Options: Unvested options granted to the Consultant
      prior to November 18, 2002 shall vest in full on the Effective Date and
      all options granted prior to November 18, 2002 shall remain exercisable
      until the end of their originally scheduled ten-year terms.

   3. Change in Control: Options granted to the Consultant on or
      after November 18, 2002 shall vest upon a Change in Control.











</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
