<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

     This  Agreement  is  entered as of March 14, 2003 by and  between  Juris
Travel,  a  Nevada  corporation (the "Company"), and  Rosemary  Williams,  an
individual ("Assignor").

1.   Assignment

     Assignor hereby assigns to the Company exclusively throughout the  world
all  right, title and interest (choate or inchoate) in (i) the subject matter
referred  to  in Exhibit A ("Technology"), (ii) all precursors, portions  and
work  in  progress  with respect thereto and all works  of  authorship,  mask
works, information, know-how, materials and tools relating thereto or to  the
development, support or maintenance thereof and (iii) all copyrights,  patent
rights,  trade  secret rights, trademark rights, mask works  rights  and  all
other  intellectual  and  industrial property rights  of  any  sort  and  all
business, contract rights and goodwill in, incorporated or embodied in,  used
to  develop,  or related to any of the foregoing (collectively  "Intellectual
Property").

2.   Consideration

     The  Company agrees to issue to Assignor Fifty Thousand (50,000)  shares
of restricted common stock of the Company on the date of this Agreement. Such
shares  shall be the only consideration required of the Company with  respect
to the subject matter of this Agreement. The certificates for the shares will
bear the following legend:

     THE   SECURITIES  REPRESENTED  BY  THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE  NOT  BEEN
     REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933  (THE  "ACT").  THE
     SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY  NOT  BE  SOLD,
     TRANSFERRED,  ASSIGNED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE  OF  A
     CURRENT  AND  EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT  UNDER  THE  ACT  WITH
     RESPECT TO SUCH SHARES, OR AN OPINION SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER  AND
     ITS COUNSEL TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE
     ACT.

3.   Further Assurances; Moral Rights; Competition; Marketing

     3.1  Assignor  agrees  to  assist the Company  in  every  legal  way  to
          evidence, record and perfect the Section 1 assignment and to  apply
          for  and  obtain  recordation of and from  time  to  time  enforce,
          maintain, and defend the assigned rights. If the Company is  unable
          for any reason whatsoever to secure the Assignor's signature to any
          document it is entitled to under this Section 3.1, Assignor  hereby
          irrevocably  designates  and appoints  the  Company  and  its  duly
          authorized officers and agents, as her agents and attorneys-in-fact
          with  full  power of substitution to act for and on her behalf  and
          instead  of  Assignor,  to execute and file any  such  document  or
          documents  and to do all other lawfully permitted acts  to  further
          the  purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect
          as if executed by Assignor.

<PAGE>

     3.2  To  the  extent  allowed by law, Section 1 includes all  rights  of
          paternity,  integrity,  disclosure and  withdrawal  and  any  other
          rights  that  may  be  known as or referred to as  "moral  rights,"
          "artist's  rights," "droit moral" or the like (collectively  "Moral
          Rights").  To  the  extent Assignor retains any such  Moral  Rights
          under applicable law, Assignor hereby ratifies and consents to, and
          provides  all necessary ratifications and consents to,  any  action
          that  may  be  taken  with  respect to  such  Moral  Rights  by  or
          authorized  by  Company; Assignor agrees not to  assert  any  Moral
          Rights  with  respect  thereto.  Assignor  will  confirm  any  such
          ratifications,  consents  and  agreements  from  time  to  time  as
          requested by Company.

4.   Confidential Information

     Assignor  will  not  use or disclose anything assigned  to  the  Company
hereunder  or  any other technical or business information or  plans  of  the
Company,  except to the extent Assignor (i) can document that it is generally
available (through no fault of Assignor) for use and disclosure by the public
without  any charge, license or restriction, or (ii) is permitted to  use  or
disclose  such  information or plans pursuant to the written consent  of  the
Company.  Assignor recognizes and agrees that there is no adequate remedy  at
law for a breach of this Section 4, that such a breach would irreparably harm
the  Company and that the Company is entitled to equitable relief (including,
without  limitations,  injunctions)  with  respect  to  any  such  breach  or
potential breach in addition to any other remedies.

5.   Warranty

     Assignor  represents and warrants to the Company that the Assignor:  (i)
was the sole owner (other than the Company) of all rights, title and interest
in  the  Intellectual  Property and the Technology, (ii)  has  not  assigned,
transferred,  licensed,  pledged  or otherwise  encumbered  any  Intellectual
Property  or  the  Technology or agreed to do so, (iii) has  full  power  and
authority to enter into this Agreement and to make the assignment as provided
in   Section  1,  (iv)  is  not  aware  of  any  violation,  infringement  or
misappropriation of any third party's rights (or any claim  thereof)  by  the
Intellectual Property or the Technology, (v) was not acting within the  scope
of  employment  by  any  third party when conceiving, creating  or  otherwise
performing  any  activity  with respect to anything purportedly  assigned  in
Section  1, and (vi) is not aware of any questions or challenges with respect
to the Intellectual Property.

6.   Miscellaneous

     This Agreement is not assignable or transferable by Assignor without the
prior written consent of the Company; any attempt to do so shall be void. Any
notice, report, approval or consent required or permitted hereunder shall  be
in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally
or  mailed by first-class, registered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid
to  the  respective  addresses of the parties as set  below  (or  such  other
address  as  a  party may designate by ten (10) days notice). No  failure  to
exercise,  and  no  delay in exercising, on the part  of  either  party,  any
privilege,  any  power  or  any rights hereunder will  operate  as  a  waiver
thereof,  nor  will  any single or partial exercise of  any  right  or  power

<PAGE>

hereunder  preclude  further exercise of any other right  hereunder.  If  any
provision  of  this  Agreement shall be adjudged by any  court  of  competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be  limited
or  eliminated  to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement  shall
otherwise  remain  in full force and effect and enforceable.  This  Agreement
shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed pursuant to  the
laws of the State of Nevada and the United States without regard to conflicts
of  laws  provisions thereof. The prevailing party in any action  to  enforce
this  Agreement  shall be entitled to recover costs and  expenses  including,
without  limitation,  attorneys' fees. Any waivers  or  amendments  shall  be
effective  only  if  made in writing and signed by a  representative  of  the
respective  parties authorized to bind the parties. Both parties  agree  that
this  Agreement  is  the  complete  and exclusive  statement  of  the  mutual
understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous  written
and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement.

     IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the day
and year first indicated above.


Company:
Juris Travel, a Nevada Corporation


By: /s/ Roxana I. Vargas
     Roxana I. Vargas, President
     2950 East Flamingo Road
     Suite E-5
     Las Vegas, Nevada 89121


Assignor:


/s/ Rosemary Williams
Rosemary Williams                            a/k/a Rosemary Williams Hardman
711 John Anderson Hwy.
Flagler Beach, Florida 32136

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT A

                ASSIGNED TECHNOLOGY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Registered Trademark-BED & BISCUIT INN  Serial Number: 76145078

Tradename-BED & BISCUIT INNS OF AMERICA, INC.

LOGO:




URL (website address):  www.bedand biscuitinn.com

All content (copyrights) on/ od website.

Tradename:  groomingdale's

Slogan:  "We Are your Pet's Home Away From Home"

Other IP:  All additional Intellectual Property that relates to the Bed &
Biscuit Inn, including and derivations thereof, affiliated or like concepts,
etc.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
