<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>file003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


Randgold Resources limited
Incorporated in Jersey, Channel Islands
Reg. No. 62686
LSE Trading Symbol: RRS
Nasdaq Trading Symbol: GOLD


For further information call:
(CEO) Mark Bristow  +44 779 775 2288
(CFO) Roger Williams  +44 779 771 9660


RANDGOLD RESOURCES ACCELERATES QUEST FOR GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES AS PROFITS SOAR


London, UK, 12 February 2003 - Randgold Resources, the London and Nasdaq listed
gold mining and development company, today posted a 475% rise in profit from
operations for the year to December and said it was using its growing cash
reserves to speed up its pursuit of new opportunities.

Net profit for the year was US$65.7 million (2001: US$17.8 million) and profit
from operations was US$74.6 million (2001: US$15.7 million) on gold sales
revenue of US$131.4 million. Earnings per share for the year were US$2.61
against US$0.58 in 2001.

The rise in results was boosted by exceptionally high grades mined at Randgold
Resources' Morila joint-venture in Mali during the September and December
quarters. Morila poured more than a million ounces of gold during 2002, one of
the few mines in the world to achieve this production feat. With total cash
costs of US$74/oz for the year, Morila also ranks as one of the highest-margin
gold producers in the world.

"Randgold Resources combines a sound operational base, generating strong cash
flows, with a promising prospect portfolio and a robust, effectively ungeared,
balance sheet," chief executive Dr Mark Bristow said.

"This means that we are one of the very few junior mining development companies
with the ability to invest substantially in its own future on a sustained basis.
We are funding exploration programmes in our target areas at a rate of US$10
million per year and these will continue to generate prospects for incorporation
in our development portfolio. In addition to this organic expansion thrust, we
have also stepped up our pursuit of corporate and third-party growth
opportunities. In fact, we are currently scrutinising every single million-ounce
plus gold project in the world to see if it meets our strategic criteria and
return targets."












<PAGE>



Bristow noted that continuing exploration at Morila had already almost replaced
the reserves depleted by mining there, and also indicated further upside at the
mine. During the year, he said, Randgold Resources had increased its
groundholdings around Morila, defining 21 gold targets in this region;
discovered a new target near its Loulo project in Mali; acquired two new permits
and developed a portfolio of gold targets in Senegal; and re-established
operations in Tanzania. Its two advanced projects - Loulo in Mali and Tongon in
the Cote d'Ivoire - are both at feasibility stage.

Issued on behalf of Randgold Resources Limited
by du Plessis Associates.
dPA contact Kathy du Plessis on Tel: 27(11) 728 4701,
mobile: (0)83 266 5847 or
e-mail randgoldresources@dpapr.com


DISCLAIMER:
Statements made in this release with respect to Randgold Resources' current
plans, estimates, strategies and beliefs and other statements that are not
historical facts are forward-looking statements about the future performance of
Randgold Resources. These statements are based on management's assumptions and
beliefs in light of the information currently available to it. Randgold
Resources cautions you that a number of important risks and uncertainties could
cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on
them. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks
associated with: fluctuations in the market price of gold, gold production at
Morila, estimates of reserves and mine life and liabilities arising from the
closure of Syama. Randgold Resources assumes no obligation to update information
in this release.













</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
