<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>downupex1018k_372003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

                   AGREEMENT FOR THE PURCHASE OF COMMON STOCK

AGREEMENT,  made  this  21st day of  February  2003,  by and  between  Corporate
Management Services, Inc. (Shareholder,) Downside Up, Inc. (Downside) a Colorado
corporation,  and James B. Wiegand (Wiegand) is for the purpose of setting forth
the terms and conditions upon which  Corporate  Management  Services,  Inc. will
sell to Wiegand 750,000 shares of Downside's common stock.

In  consideration  of  the  mutual  promises,   covenants,  and  representations
contained herein, THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS:


                                    ARTICLE I

                               SALE OF SECURITIES

1.01 Subject to the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement,  the  Shareholder
agrees to sell,  and Wiegand  agrees to purchase,  750,000  shares of the common
stock of Downside for $2,500. The purchase price of $2,500 for 750,000 shares of
Downside will include  completing a  registration  of at least 480,000 shares of
Downside  stock  outstanding at the date of this  agreement.  The 750,000 shares
shall  contain a legend  stating  that the  shares  are not fully  paid and full
payment  will not accrue  until a  registration  statement  is in  effect.  This
agreement replaces that option agreement executed by Shareholder on September 6,
2002,  granting  Wiegand the  conditional  right to purchase  750,000  shares of
Downside.

1.02 On February 21,  2003,  Wiegand  tendered  funds in the amount of $2,500 to
Corporate  Management  Services,  Inc.,  which amount was payment in full of the
750,000  shares of Downside.  Closing is  considered  to be at the time that the
consideration  has been paid by Wiegand,  Wiegand takes  possession of the stock
certificates  representing  the  750,000  shares of common  stock and  Corporate
Management  Services,  Inc. delivers all documents described below and all terms
of this agreement are  fulfilled.  In the event that Wiegand agrees to escrow of
the stock  certificates,  placement  of the  certificates  into escrow  under an
escrow  agreement   approaved  by  Wiegand  will  constitute   delivery  of  the
certificates to Wiegand.

                                   ARTICLE II

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Downside represents and warrants to Wiegand the following:

2.01 Organization.  Downside is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing,
and in good standing  under the laws of Colorado,  has all  necessary  corporate
powers to own  properties  and carry on a business,  and is duly qualified to do
business  and  is in  good  standing  in  Colorado.  All  actions  taken  by the
Incorporators,  Directors and/or shareholders of Downside have been valid and in
accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.

2.02 Downside.  The authorized Downside stock of Downside consists of 20,000,000
shares of common stock, no par value,  of which 1,230,000  shares are issued and
outstanding.  All outstanding shares are fully paid and non assessable,  free of
liens,  encumbrances,  options,  restrictions  and legal or equitable  rights of
others not a party to this Agreement.  At closing,  there will be no outstanding
subscriptions,  options,  rights,  warrants,  convertible  securities,  or other
agreements  or  commitments  obligating  Downside to issue or to  transfer  from
treasury any additional  shares of its Downside  stock.  None of the outstanding
shares of Downside are subject to any stock  restriction  agreements.  There are
approximately 47 shareholders of Downside.  All of such  shareholders have valid
title to such shares and acquired  their shares in a lawful  transaction  and in
accordance with Colorado corporate law.

2.03 Financial Statements.  Audited financial statements will be provided at the
closing and will include the balance sheets of Downside as of April 30, 2002 and
the  related  statements  of income and  retained  earnings  for the period then
ended. The financial  statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles  consistently followed by Downside throughout the
periods  indicated,  and fairly present the financial position of Downside as of
the date of the balance  sheet  included in the  financial  statements,  and the
results of its operations for the periods indicated.

2.04 Absence of Changes.  Since October 31, 2002,  there has not been any change
in the  financial  condition or operations  of Downside,  except  changes in the
ordinary  course of  business,  which  changes  have not in the  aggregate  been
materially adverse and will be fully disclosed.

<PAGE>


2.05 Liabilities.  Downside did not as of October 31, 2002 and at the signing of
this Agreement,  have any debt, liability,  or obligation of any nature, whether
accrued,  absolute,  contingent, or otherwise, and whether due or to become due,
that is not  reflected  in  Downside's  balance  sheet as of October  31,  2002.
Downside is not aware of any pending, threatened or asserted claims, lawsuits or
contingencies  involving Downside, its directors,  officers or its common stock.
There is no dispute of any kind between  Downside  and any third  party,  and no
such dispute will exist at the closing of this Agreement.  At closing,  Downside
will be free from any and all liabilities, liens, claims and/or commitments .

2.06 Tax Returns. Within the times and in the manner prescribed by law, Downside
has filed all federal, state, and local tax returns required by law and has paid
all taxes,  assessments,  and penalties due and payable.  No federal  income tax
returns of Downside  have been  audited by the  internal  Revenue  Service.  The
provision for taxes, if any, reflected in Downside's balance sheet as of October
31, 2002, is adequate for any and all federal,  state,  county,  and local taxes
for the  period  ending  on the date of that  balance  sheet  and for all  prior
periods,  whether or not disputed.  There are no present disputes as to taxes of
any nature payable by Downside.

2.07 Ability to Carry Out Obligations. The Shareholder has the right, power, and
authority to enter into, and perform their obligations under this Agreement. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the  Shareholder and the performance
by the Shareholder of its obligations hereunder will not cause,  constitute,  or
conflict with or result in (a) any breach or violation or any of the  provisions
of or  constitute a default  under any license,  indenture,  mortgage,  charter,
instrument,  articles of incorporation,  bylaw, or other agreement or instrument
to which Downside or the  Shareholder is a party, or by which they may be bound,
nor will any consents or  authorizations of any party other than those hereto be
required,  (b) an event that would cause Downside to be liable to any party,  or
(c) an event  that  would  result in the  creation  or  imposition  of any lien,
charge,  or  encumbrance  on any asset of  Downside  or upon the  securities  of
Downside to be acquired by Wiegand.

2.08 Full Disclosure. None of representations and warranties made by Downside or
the  Shareholder,  or  in  any  certificate  or  memorandum  furnished  or to be
furnished by Downside or the Shareholder,  or on their behalf,  contains or will
contain any untrue  statement of a material  fact, or omit any material fact the
omission of which would be misleading.

2.09  Contracts  and  Leases.  Downside  does not and has never  carried  on any
business. Downside is not a party to any contract, agreement or lease. No person
holds a power of attorney from Downside.

2.10 Compliance  with Laws.  Downside has complied with, and is not in violation
of any federal,  state, or local statute,  law, and/or regulation  pertaining to
Downside.  Downside has complied with all federal and state  securities  laws in
connection with the offer, sale and distribution of its securities.

2.11 Litigation. Downside is not (and has not been) a party to any suit, action,
arbitration,  or  legal,   administrative,   or  other  proceeding,  or  pending
governmental investigation. To the best knowledge of the Shareholders,  there is
no basis for any such action or  proceeding  and no such action or proceeding is
threatened  against  Downside.  Downside  is not  subject to or in default  with
respect to any order, writ, injunction,  or decree of any federal, state, local,
or foreign court, department, agency, or instrumentality.

2.12  Conduct of  Business.  Prior to the closing,  Downside  shall  conduct its
business in the normal course, and shall not (without the prior written approval
of Wiegand)  (i) sell,  pledge,  or assign any assets (ii) amend its Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws, (iii) declare dividends,  redeem or sell stock or other
securities,  (iv) incur any  liabilities,  (v) acquire or dispose of any assets,
enter into any contract, guarantee obligations of any third party, or (vi) enter
into any other transaction.

2.13 Corporate Documents.  Copies of each of the following documents,  which are
true,  complete  and correct in all material  respects,  will be attached to and
made a part of this Agreement:

(i) Articles of Incorporation;

(ii) Bylaws;

(iii) Organizational Consent of Shareholders;

(iv) Consent of Directors;

(v) List of Officers and Directors;

(vi) List of Shareholders;

(vii) Form10-QSB  including Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2002,  together with
other financial statements described in Section 2.03;

(viii) Secretary of State Filing Receipt;

(ix) Copies of all federal and state income tax returns of Downside;

(x) Stock register and stock certificate records of Downside;

(xi) Form 10SB.

<PAGE>


2.14 Closing Documents.  All minutes,  consents or other documents pertaining to
Downside to be delivered at closing  shall be valid and in  accordance  with the
laws of Colorado.

2.15  Title.  The  Shareholder  has  good  and  marketable  title  to all of the
securities to be sold to Wiegand  pursuant to this Agreement.  The securities to
be sold to Wiegand  will be, at closing,  free and clear of all liens,  security
interests,  pledges,  charges, claims and encumbrances of any kind. None of such
shares are or will be subject to any voting trust or agreement.  No person holds
or has the right to receive any proxy or similar instrument with respect to such
shares. Except as provided in this Agreement,  the Shareholder is not a party to
any  agreement  which  offers or grants to any person the right to  purchase  or
acquire  any of the  securities  to be sold to Wiegand.  There is no  applicable
local,  state or federal law,  rule,  regulation,  or decree  which would,  as a
result of the  purchase  of the shares by  Wiegand,  impair,  restrict  or delay
Wiegand voting rights with respect to the shares.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                INVESTMENT INTENT

3.01  Wiegand  agrees  that  the  securities  being  acquired  pursuant  to this
Agreement may be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated or otherwise transferred,
with  or  without  consideration   (Transfer)  only  pursuant  to  an  effective
registration  statement  under  the  Act,  or  pursuant  to  an  exemption  from
registration  under the Act, the  availability  of which is to be established to
the satisfaction of Bail.

3.02 Wiegand or assigns,  on behalf of Downside,  agrees to use his best efforts
to file a registration  statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to
register,  at Wiegand' or Downside's sole expense, the resale of at least all of
the  Downside  shares  issued to all of the  Downside  shareholders  (except the
shares  being sold hereby which may be  registered  or not at the sole option of
Wiegand) of record.

 3.03 After acquiring the shares being  purchased  hereby Wiegand agrees to: (a)
use his best efforts to have that registration  statement  declared effective at
the earliest  practicable  date thereafter and to thereafter use best efforts to
establish a public market for  Downside's  common stock,  (b) file all quarterly
and  annual  reports  to  comply  with SEC  regulations.  Shareholder  agrees to
cooperate  in all  respects  with this  endeavor  and to assist  Wiegand  in any
reasonable  way.  Failure by Wiegand to file  quarterly and annual  reports will
result in surrender of the 750,000 shares.

3.03 Subsequent to the transfer  contemplated  hereby neither Wiegand, on behalf
of Downside, or Downside will unduly delay or refuse to render legal opinions or
provide  any other  reasonable  assistance  to permit  current  shareholders  of
Downside to transfer  their  securities,  once a public  market for the Downside
shares develops.

3.04 In the event Wiegand and Shareholder mutually agree to definitive terms for
an escrow agreement, then the shares acquired by Wiegand shall be escrowed until
such time as a registration statement as described in section 3.02 is filed with
the SEC and  thereafter  within 10 days  following  filing  of the  registration
statement, Shareholder will cause the escrow shares to be released to Wiegand.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                     CLOSING

The  closing of this  transaction  will occur when all of the  documents  and/or
consideration  described below has been delivered.  As part of the closing,  the
following  documents,  in form reasonably  acceptable to counsel to the parties,
shall be delivered:

By the Shareholder:

A. A certificate or  certificates  for 750,000 shares of Downside  common stock,
registered in names so designated by Wiegand as designated.

B. The resignation of all officers of Downside.

C. The resignation of all the directors of Downside.

D. A Board  of  Directors  resolution  appointing  directors  as  designated  by
Wiegand.

<PAGE>


E. Certified  Audited  financial  statements of Downside,  which shall include a
balance  sheet  dated  as of  April  30,  2002  and  statements  of  operations,
stockholders' equity and cash flows for the twelve month period then ended.

F. All of the business and  corporate  records of  Downside,  including  but not
limited to correspondence  files, bank statements,  checkbooks,  savings account
books,  minutes of shareholder  and directors  meetings,  financial  statements,
shareholder listings, stock transfer records, agreements and contracts.

H. Within 10 days following  closing  Shareholder  will file  disclosure of this
sale of shares to Wiegand by filing Form 8-K with the SEC. Shareholder will also
complete  any reports to the SEC on Forms 3, 4, and 13D as required of any party
to this transaction.

By Wiegand:
-----------

A. As described in Section 1.01, Wiegand has paid Corporate Management Services,
Inc.  the amount of $2,500,  representing  the  payment in full for the  750,000
shares of Downside common stock.


                                    ARTICLE V

                                    REMEDIES

5.01 Arbitration.  Any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, this
Agreement,  or the making,  performance,  or  interpretation  thereof,  shall be
settled by  arbitration in Littleton,  Colorado in accordance  with the Rules of
the  American  Arbitration  Association  then  existing,  and  judgment  on  the
arbitration  award may be  entered  in any court  having  jurisdiction  over the
subject matter of the controversy.

5.02  Indemnification.  Each party  agrees to indemnify  the others  against all
actual losses,  damages and expenses  caused by (i) any material  breach of this
Agreement or any material  misrepresentation  of any party  contained  herein or
(ii) any  misstatement  of a material  fact or omission to state a material fact
required to be stated  herein or  necessary  to make the  statements  herein not
misleading.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

6.01 Captions and Headings.  The Article and paragraph headings  throughout this
Agreement are for  convenience and reference only, and shall in no way be deemed
to define, limit, or add to the meaning of any provision of this Agreement.

6.02 No Oral Change. This Agreement and any provision hereof, may not be waived,
changed,  modified,  or discharged,  orally, but only by an agreement in writing
signed  by  the  party  against  whom   enforcement   of  any  waiver,   change,
modification, or discharge is sought.

6.03 Non Waiver. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no waiver of any
covenant, condition, or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
made  unless  expressly  in writing  and signed by the party  against  whom such
waiver is charged; and (i) the failure of any party to insist in any one or more
cases upon the performance of any of the provisions, covenants, or conditions of
this Agreement or to exercise any option herein contained shall not be construed
as a waiver or relinquishment for the future of any such provisions,  covenants,
or conditions,  (ii) the acceptance of performance of anything  required by this
Agreement to be performed with knowledge of the breach or failure of a covenant,
condition,  or  provision  hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach or
failure,  and (iii) no waiver by any party of one breach by another  party shall
be construed as a waiver with respect to any other or subsequent breach.

6.04 Time of Essence.  Time is of the essence of this  Agreement and of each and
every provision hereof.

6.05  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  contains  the  entire  Agreement  and
understanding  between the parties hereto,  and supersedes all prior  agreements
and understandings.

6.06 Significant Changes.  The Shareholder  understands that significant changes
may be made in the  Capitalization  and/or stock  ownership  of Downside,  which
changes  could  involve a reverse  stock split and/or the issuance of additional
shares of common stock,  thus possibly having a dramatic  negative effect on the
percentage of ownership and/or number of shares owned by present shareholders of
Downside.

<PAGE>


6.07 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall be  deemed  an  original,  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile signatures will
be acceptable to all parties.

6.08 Notices.  All notices,  requests,  demands,  and other communications under
this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be
given,  or on the third day after  mailing if mailed to the party to whom notice
is to be given, by first class mail,  registered or certified,  postage prepaid,
and properly addressed as follows:

If to Shareholder or Downside:
George  Andrews,  Corporate  Management  Services,  Inc., 7899 West Frost Drive,
Littleton, CO 88128

If to Wiegand:
James B. Wiegand, 10077 E. County Line Rd., Longmont, CO 80501.

6.09  Binding  Effect.  This  Agreement  shall inure to and be binding  upon the
heirs, executors,  personal  representatives,  successors and assigns of each of
the parties to this Agreement.

6.10  Effect  of  Closing.  All  representations,   warranties,  covenants,  and
agreements of the parties  contained in this  Agreement,  or in any  instrument,
certificate,  opinion,  or other  writing  provided for in it, shall be true and
correct as of the closing and shall survive the closing of this Agreement.

6.11 Mutual  Cooperation.  The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other to
achieve the purpose of this Agreement,  and shall execute such other and further
documents  and take such  other  and  further  actions  as may be  necessary  or
convenient to effect the transaction described herein.

AGREED AND ACCEPTED as of the date first above written.


James B. Wiegand
/s/ James B. Wiegand
-----------------------------------

Corporate Management Services, Inc.       Downside Up,Inc.



By: /s/ George Andrews                    By:/s/ George Andrews
   --------------------------------          -----------------------------------
      George Andrews, President               George Andrews, President








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
