<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10k02.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AURORA INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS REPORT, AS SERVICER
<TEXT>
ERNST & YOUNG LLP
370 17th Street
Suite 3300
Denver, Colorado 80202-5663

Report on Management's Assertion on Compliance with
Minimum Servicing Standards Set Forth in the
Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers
Report of Independent Accountants

Board of Directors
Aurora Loan Services Inc.

We have examined management's assertion, included in the
accompanying report titled Report of Management, that Aurora Loan
Services Inc. (the Company) complied with the minimum servicing
standards set forth in the Mortgage Bankers Association of
America's Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers
(USAP) during the year ended November 30, 2002. Management is
responsible for the Company's compliance with those requirements.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's
assertion about the Company's compliance based on our
examination.

Our examination was made in accordance with attestation standards
established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and, accordingly, included examining, on a test
basis, evidence about the Company's compliance with those
requirements and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
examination provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our
examination does not provide a legal determination on the
Company's compliance with specified requirements.

In our opinion, management's assertion, that Aurora Loan Services
Inc. complied with the aforementioned requirements during the
year ended November 30, 2002, is fairly stated, in all material
respects.

This report is intended solely for the information and use of the
board of directors, management, and the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation, Federal National Mortgage Association,
Government National Mortgage Association, and the Company's
private investors and is not intended to be and should not be
used by anyone other than these specified parties.

March 14, 2003
Ernst & Young LLP


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
