<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mv1-21ex10_21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.21
<TEXT>
                                                                 Exhibit 10.21

[WELLCHOICE INC. LETTERHEAD]



                                                         December 23, 2002


Gloria M.  McCarthy
Senior Vice President, Operations, Managed Care & Empire Medicare Services
WellChoice, Inc.
11 West 42nd Street
New York, NY 10036


                     Re:  Change in Control Retention
                          ---------------------------

Dear Ms. McCarthy:

                     WellChoice, Inc. ("WellChoice") considers it essential to
its best interests to foster the continuous employment of key management
personnel should WellChoice receive a proposal from a third party, whether
solicited by WellChoice or unsolicited, concerning a possible business
combination transaction. Further, the Board of Directors of WellChoice (the
"Board") has determined that it is imperative that it and WellChoice be able to
rely upon your continued services without concern that you might be distracted
by the personal uncertainties and risks that such a proposal might otherwise
entail.

                     Accordingly, the Board desires to reinforce and encourage
your continued attention and dedication to your assigned duties without
distraction in the face of potentially disturbing circumstances that could arise
out of a proposal for a change in control of WellChoice. In order to induce you
to remain in the employ of WellChoice and its subsidiaries, you shall receive
the severance benefits set forth in this letter agreement (the "Agreement") in
the event your employment with WellChoice and its subsidiaries is involuntarily
terminated in connection with a change in control of WellChoice.

                     For purposes of this Agreement, the "Company" shall refer
to WellChoice and its successors and assigns as provided for in Section 5(a)
below.

                     1. Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall commence on the
date hereof and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2005; provided
that the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one
additional year as of January 1, 2005 and each January 1 thereafter unless the
Company provides you with written notice prior to any such date that it does not
wish to further extend this Agreement. Notwithstanding any such notice by the
Company, if a Change in Control occurs during the original or any extended term

<PAGE>
Page 2


of this Agreement, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the second
anniversary of such Change in Control.

                     2. Change in Control.

                     (a) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement,
no benefits shall be payable hereunder unless there shall have been a Change in
Control of the Company, as set forth below.

                     (b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control
shall be deemed to have occurred if (A) any "person" (as such term is used in
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), other than the Fund referred to below, is or becomes the
"beneficial owner" (as determined for purposes of Regulation 13D-G under the
Exchange Act as currently in effect), directly or indirectly, of securities of
the Company representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's then outstanding securities; or (B) during any period of two
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute
the Board and any new director whose election to the Board or nomination for
election to the Board was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the
period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board; or (C) the Company
effects a merger or consolidation with any other corporation, other than a
merger or consolidation (x) which does not result in any person becoming the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company or the
surviving entity representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's (or such surviving entity's) then outstanding securities and (y) in
which a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company or such surviving
entity immediately after such merger or consolidation is comprised of directors
of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation; or (D) the
Company sells or disposes of all or substantially all of the Company's assets.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the ownership of The
New York Public Asset Fund of more than 25% of the Company's securities does not
constitute a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement.

                     (c) For purposes of this Agreement, a "potential change in
control of the Company" shall be deemed to have occurred if (A) the Company
enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would result in the
occurrence of a Change in Control; (B) any person (including the Company)
publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if
consummated would constitute a Change in Control; or (C) the Board adopts a
resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a potential
change in control of the Company has occurred.

<PAGE>
Page 3

                     3. Termination In Connection with a Change in Control.

                     (a) Termination. You shall be entitled to the benefits
provided in Section 4 hereof upon the termination of your employment with the
Company and its subsidiaries during the term of this Agreement occurring within
six months preceding, or within two years following, a Change in Control, unless
such termination is (i) a result of your death, retirement at or after age 65
(as set forth below), or permanent and total disability (as determined for
purposes of the Company's long-term disability benefit plan in which you
participate), (ii) by you other than for Good Reason, or (iii) by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries for Cause.

                     (b) Disability. In the absence of any applicable long term
disability benefit plan, any question as to the existence of your permanent and
total disability for purposes of this Agreement shall be governed by a qualified
independent physician selected by the Company and approved by you, said approval
not to be unreasonably withheld. The determination of such physician made in
writing to the Company and to you shall be final and conclusive for all purposes
of this Agreement.

                     (c) Retirement. For purposes of this Agreement,
"retirement" shall mean (i) your voluntary resignation of employment with the
Company and its subsidiaries at or after age 65 on your own initiative and other
than for Good Reason, (ii) your termination of employment pursuant to a
mandatory age limit policy for executives adopted by the Company at least one
year prior to any Change in Control, or (iii) your resignation in accordance
with any retirement arrangement established with your consent with respect to
you at least six months prior to any Change in Control.

                     (d) Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall
mean (A) your willful breach of a material duty or other material willful
misconduct in the course of your employment, (B) your commission of a felony or
a crime involving moral turpitude (other than a petty misdemeanor), or (C) your
habitual neglect of your employment duties provided you were provided prompt
written notice of such neglect by the Company and a reasonable opportunity to
cure such neglect. For purposes of this Section 3(d) no act, or failure to act,
on your part shall be deemed "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by
you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission
was in and not opposed to the interests of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. The finding that you were guilty of conduct set forth above in
this Section 3(ii) shall be made by the Company in its reasonable discretion.

                     (e) Good Reason. You shall be entitled to terminate your
employment with the Company and its subsidiaries for Good Reason on or after a
Change in Control by providing at least 30 days prior written notice to the

<PAGE>
Page 4


Company specifying the acts or omissions within the preceding 90 days that are
believed to constitute Good Reason and a proposed termination date. The Company
and its subsidiaries shall be permitted during the 30-day period following
theCompany's receipt of such notice to cure or otherwise correct any such acts
or omissions and, if reasonably cured or corrected, you shall not be allowed to
resign for Good Reason. For the purpose of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall
mean the occurrence, without your express written consent, of any of the
following circumstances unless such circumstances are fully corrected prior to
the Date of Termination (as defined in Section 3) specified in the Notice of
Termination (as defined in Section 3) given in respect thereof:

                              (i) the assignment to you of any duties that are
                    not commensurate or consistent with your status as Senior
                    Vice President, Operations, Managed Care & Empire Medicare
                    Services of WellChoice, your removal from such position(s),
                    or a substantial diminution in the nature or status of your
                    responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to
                    any potential change in control or Change in Control
                    occurring within the preceding two years; provided that
                    during the six-month period following a Change in Control,
                    in connection with a transition of your responsibilities to
                    a successor shall not constitute Good Reason until the
                    earlier of the completion of such transition or the end of
                    such six-month period (except you may nevertheless provide a
                    Notice of Termination prior thereto);

                              (ii) a reduction by the Company or any of its
                    subsidiaries in your annual base salary as in effect on the
                    date hereof or as the same may be increased from time to
                    time;

                              (iii) the failure by the Company or any of its
                    subsidiaries to continue in effect any bonus or incentive
                    compensation plan in which you participate prior to the
                    Change in Control, unless an equitable alternative
                    compensation arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute
                    or alternative plan) has been provided for you, except that
                    the discontinuation of the grant of options or other equity
                    based awards shall not be deemed to be covered by the
                    provisions of this subparagraph;

                              (iv) the failure by the Company or any of its
                    subsidiaries to continue your participation in any employee
                    benefit plans other than by reason of any change applicable
                    to all similarly situated employees;

                              (v) the relocation of the office in which you are
                    based to a location more than thirty-five (35) miles from

<PAGE>
Page 5

                    the office in which you are based, unless such relocation
                    does not increase your commute by more than twenty (20)
                    miles;

                              (vi) the failure of the Company to obtain a
                    satisfactory agreement from any successor to assume and
                    agree to perform this Agreement, as contemplated in Section
                    5 hereof.

                     Your continued employment shall not constitute consent to,
or a waiver of rights with respect to, any circumstances constituting Good
Reason hereunder; provided, however, you may not seek to terminate your
employment for Good Reason based on any act or such circumstance that occurred
more than 90 days prior to the date Notice of Termination is provided.

                     (f) Notice of Termination. Any purported termination of
your employment by the Company and its subsidiaries or by you shall be
communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in
accordance with Section 6 hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of
Termination" shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination
provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail
the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of your
employment under the provision so indicated.

                     (g) Date of Termination, Etc. "Date of Termination" shall
mean if your employment is terminated for any reason (other than your death or
Disability), the date specified in the Notice of Termination which shall not be
less than thirty (30) days from the date such Notice of Termination is given.

                     4. Compensation Upon Termination.

                     (a) If your employment by the Company and its subsidiaries
shall be terminated during the term of this Agreement by (a) the Company and its
subsidiaries other than for Cause or your death, Retirement or Disability, or
(b) you for Good Reason, and such termination occurs within six months
preceding, or within two years following, a Change in Control of the Company,
then you shall be entitled to the benefits provided below:

                              (i) The Company (or one of its subsidiaries, if
                    applicable) shall pay you no later than the tenth business
                    day following the Date of Termination (unless a different
                    payment date is specified herein): (A) your full base salary
                    through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect at the
                    time of the Change in Control or the Notice of Termination
                    is given (whichever date your salary rate is higher), plus
                    (B) the unpaid annual incentive for the preceding year, if
                    any, plus (C) a pro rata amount of your target annual
                    incentive for the year in which your termination of
                    employment occurs, plus (D) all other amounts to which you

<PAGE>
Page 6

                    are entitled under any compensation plan of the Company
                    applicable to you, at the time such payments are due, plus
                    (E) a pro rata portion of your target awards under the
                    Company's Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan.

                              (ii) The Company shall pay you, on a date that is
                    no later than the tenth business day following the Date of
                    Termination, a severance payment equal to two times (2x) the
                    sum of (A) your full annual base salary and (B) annual
                    incentive payment, in each case in effect at the time of the
                    Change in Control or the Notice of Termination is given
                    (whichever date provides a higher payment). For purposes of
                    this Section 4(a)(ii), your annual incentive payment shall
                    mean your target bonus multiplied by the average of the
                    corporate score under the annual incentive plan for the
                    three years preceding the year in which your termination of
                    employment occurs.

                              (iii) The payment to be made to you pursuant to
                    this Section 4(a) shall not be reduced by the amount of any
                    other payment or the value of any benefit received or to be
                    received by you in connection with your termination of
                    employment or contingent upon a Change in Control of the
                    Company (whether payable pursuant to the terms of this
                    Agreement or any other agreement, plan or arrangement with
                    the Company or an affiliate, predecessor or successor of the
                    Company or any person whose actions result in a Change in
                    Control of the Company or an affiliate of such person),
                    except your acceptance of the severance payment provided by
                    this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any right or
                    entitlement to severance pay under any severance pay plan of
                    the Company otherwise applicable to you. In addition, the
                    Company will pay you (x) all amounts under all retirement
                    plans accrued through the Date of Termination (which shall
                    be immediately vested on your termination of employment),
                    Deferred Compensation Plan or any other deferred
                    compensation plan or non-qualified retirement plan in effect
                    at the Date of Termination, such amounts to be paid to you
                    at the time specified in your election (or deemed election)
                    under such plans, notwithstanding any provisions of such
                    plan (or any related trust) that would allow WellChoice (or
                    any trustee) to delay the payments of such amounts, (y) all
                    amounts determined and earned by you on an annual basis
                    consistent with WellChoice's practice as of the date of this
                    Agreement for years ended before the year in which the Date
                    of Termination occurs under, pursuant to or in connection
                    with any Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan adopted by
                    WellChoice, notwithstanding the fact that your employment

<PAGE>
Page 7

                    will have terminated prior to the end of the relevant
                    three-year period performance cycle thereunder or any
                    vesting or other provisions of any such plan, and (z) if the
                    number of your years of service is a factor in the
                    determination of your benefit under any of the Company's
                    defined benefit retirement plans, an amount equal to any
                    additional benefit you would be entitled to under any such
                    plans if your years of service for purposes of such plans
                    was increased by two.

                     (b) You shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any
payment provided for in Section 4 by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor
shall the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in Section 4 be reduced
by any compensation earned by you as the result of employment by another
employer or by retirement benefits received after the Date of Termination or
otherwise.

                     (c) If you are entitled to the payments provided in Section
4 hereof, the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall continue your
participation, as if you were still an employee, in the medical, dental,
hospitalization and life insurance plans, programs and/or arrangements of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in which you were participating on the date
of the termination of your employment on the same terms and conditions as other
executives under such plans, programs and/or arrangements until the earlier of
(i) the end of the 24-month period following the date of the termination of your
employment or (ii) the date, or dates you receive equivalent coverage and
benefits under the plans, programs and/or arrangements of a subsequent employer
(such coverage and benefits to be determined on a coverage-by-coverage or
benefit-by-benefit basis).

                     5. Successors; Binding Agreement.

                     (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the "Company" shall
mean WellChoice, Inc. The Company will require any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly
assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company is required to perform it. Failure of the Company to
obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such
succession shall be a breach of this Agreement and shall entitle you to
compensation from the Company in the same amount and on the same terms as you
would be entitled hereunder if you had terminated your employment for Good
Reason following a Change in Control, except that for purposes of implementing
the foregoing, the date on which any such succession becomes effective shall be
deemed the Date of Termination. As used in this Agreement, "Company"shall mean
the Company as defined in the first sentence of this Section 5(a) as well as any

<PAGE>
Page 8


successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to
perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

                     (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If you
should die while any amount would still be payable to you hereunder if you had
continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be
paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to your devisee, legatee or
other designee or, if there is no such designee, to your estate.

                     6. Notice. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and
all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United
States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
the address set forth on the first page of this Agreement with respect to the
Company and on the signature page with respect to you, provided that all notices
to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the General Counsel of the
Company, or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the
other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

                     7. Miscellaneous. No provision of this Agreement may be
modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is
agreed to in writing and signed by you and such officer as may be specifically
designated by the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any
breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any conditions or
provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed
a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any
prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise,
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by
either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The validity,
interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of New York, including Section 198 (1-a) of the New
York Labor Law. All references to sections of the Code shall be deemed also to
refer to any successor provisions to such sections. Any payments provided for
hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under
federal, state or local law. The obligations of the Company under Section 4
shall survive the expiration of the term of this Agreement.

                     8. Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and
effect.

<PAGE>
Page 9


                     9. Legal Expenses. The Company shall also pay to you all
legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by you in contesting or disputing
the nature of any termination of your employment for purposes of this Agreement
or in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by this
Agreement); provided that the Company shall not be obligated to pay any amount
under this Section 10 to the extent a court or a mutually agreed upon arbitrator
determines that your claim, contest, dispute or enforcement of this Agreement is
frivolous.

                     10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.

                     11. Arbitration. Any dispute or controversy arising under
or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration
in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in
effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having
jurisdiction; provided, however, that you shall be entitled to seek specific
performance of your right to be paid until the Date of Termination during the
pendency of any dispute or controversy arising tinder or in connection with this
Agreement.

                     If this letter sets forth our agreement on the subject
matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of this
letter which will then constitute our agreement on this subject.


                                             Sincerely,

                                             WELLCHOICE, INC.


                                             By: /s/ Michael A. Stocker M.D.
                                                 ------------------------------
                                             Name: Michael A. Stocker M.D.
                                             Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed to this 3rd day
of January, 2003


/s/ Gloria McCarthy
-----------------------

Address for notices:

--------------------------------

--------------------------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
