<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.51
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>d04197exv10w51.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SEVERANCE PROTECTION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.51

                       WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
                            SEVERANCE PROTECTION PLAN
                   (Amended and Restated as of April 18, 2002)

                                  Introduction

         The Board of Directors of Williams Communications Group, Inc.
recognizes that many publicly held companies provide severance pay protections
for their employees. The possibility of termination of employment with the
Company due to Severance and the uncertainty it creates for employees may result
in the loss or distraction of employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to
the detriment of the Company. The Board considers the avoidance of such loss and
distraction to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of
the Company.

         Accordingly, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be
taken to assure the Company of the continued attention and dedication to duty by
employees of itself, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and to ensure the
availability of their continued service. Whereas, the Company currently
maintains a severance protection policy effective as of April 23, 2001, the
Company desires to formalize this policy in a written plan document.

         In order to fulfill the above purposes, and recognizing that employees
shall be entitled to rely on the various benefits, the Board adopts the Williams
Communications Group, Inc. Severance Protection Plan, amended and restated as of
April 18, 2002.

                        SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN

         As of the Effective Date, the Company established a severance
protection policy known as the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Severance Pay
Plan, which is amended, restated, renamed and formalized as a written plan in
this document.

                             SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS

         2.01 Definitions. As used herein, the following words and phrases when
used with initial capital letters shall have the following respective meanings.

                  2.01.1 "Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended from time to time.

                  2.01.2 "Administrative Committee" means the committee
         appointed by the Benefits Committee to administer the Plan in
         accordance with Section 7 hereof.

                  2.01.3 "Affiliate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act.

                  2.01.4 "Agreements" are all or any combination of i) a waiver
         and release of claims; ii) a non-solicitation agreement; and iii) a
         confidentiality agreement, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to
         Employer.


<PAGE>

         2.01.5 "Base Wages" means total annual salary or wages payable by an
Employer as consideration for the Participant's service, including any salary
deferral contributions made by the Participant to any defined contribution,
deferred compensation, cafeteria, or flexible benefit plans maintained by the
Company, as determined by the Administrative Committee as of the Termination
Date. Base Wages shall not include payments under the Employer's stock, bonus,
sales incentive, annual incentive, or other incentive plans, other bonuses or
variable compensation, overtime, cost of living pay, housing pay, relocation
pay, other taxable fringe benefits, or extraordinary compensation.

         2.01.6 "Benefits Committee" means the committee appointed by the Board
to which the Board delegates any or all of its authority regarding the Plan in
accordance with Section 7 hereof.

         2.01.7 "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

         2.01.8 "Cause" means (i) gross negligence, recklessness or malfeasance
in the performance of a Participant's duties; (ii) commission by the Participant
of any criminal act, fraud or other material misconduct resulting or intending
to result directly or indirectly in gain or personal enrichment at the expense
of the Company; (iii) willfully engaging in any conduct relating to the business
of the Company that could reasonably be expected to have a materially
detrimental effect on the business or financial condition of the Company; (iv)
misconduct which materially discredits or damages the Company, or violates the
Company's policies or procedures; (v) the failure by the Participant to
satisfactorily perform his assigned duties; (vi) the Participant's commission of
any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; and (vii) the Participant's
regulatory disqualification which prevents, in a material manner, the
performance of the Participant's duties.

         2.01.9 "Change in Control" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance
Protection Plan II.

         2.01.10 "COBRA" means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985, as amended from time to time.

         2.01.11 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
time to time.

         2.01.12 "Company" means WCG and shall include any successor to its
business and/or assets, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and shall
include WCL at any time that the voting securities of WCL are held by any Person
other than WCG or its wholly owned Subsidiary.

         2.01.13 "Cooperative Education Employee" means an individual who is
temporarily employed by an Employer while participating in a cooperative
education program with his educational institution.

         2.01.14 "Director," when used in Exhibit A and in section 2.01.24,
means an employee of an Employer with the title of Director.

                                      - 2 -


<PAGE>

         2.01.15 "Effective Date" means April 23, 2001.

         2.01.16 "Eligible Employee" means an individual who is a full-time or
part-time regular Employee of an Employer and who is not an Excluded Employee.
Employees who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement shall only be
eligible to the extent that such collective bargaining agreement provides for
coverage under the Plan and shall be eligible in accordance with the provisions
of the collective bargaining agreement. Employees subject to a written
employment contract shall only be eligible to participate in the Plan to the
extent expressly provided for by the employment contract. An employee who has a
separate agreement with his Employer for the payment of a benefit related to
termination is not eligible under this Plan and, pursuant to subsection 4.02.4,
a termination of that employee will not give rise to a Severance Benefit.

         2.01.17 "Employee" means an individual who is reported as a common law
employee on the payroll record of an Employer. The term Employee does not
include any other common law employee or any Leased Employee. In particular, it
is expressly intended that individuals not treated as common law employees by an
Employer on its payroll records are to be excluded from plan participation even
if a court or administrative agency determines that such individuals are common
law employees and not independent contractors.

         2.01.18 "Employer" means the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate that
has adopted the Plan pursuant to Section 8 hereof and which employs an Eligible
Employee.

         2.01.19 "Excluded Employee" means any (as defined herein) Foreign
Employee, Leased Employee, Independent Contractor, Cooperative Education
Employee, seasonal employee or temporary employee. Excluded Employees shall not
be Eligible Employees under the Plan. Excluded Employees include any individual
not treated as a common law employee by an Employer on its payroll records, even
if a court or administrative agency subsequently determines that such
individuals are common law employees. Similarly, it is expressly intended that
the classification of any Employee be consistent with the payroll records of the
Employer even if a court or administrative agency subsequently determines
otherwise.

                  Employees who participate in the Williams Communications
Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance Protection Plan I or II, as amended and
restated from time to time, are not Eligible Employees under the Plan, however,
employees who have waived their participation in Williams Communications Group,
Inc. Change in Control Severance Protection Plan I and/or II shall be eligible
to participate in this Plan.

         2.01.20 "Foreign Employee" means a non-U.S. citizen who is living
outside the United States. U.S. Citizens living outside the United States, and
non-U.S. citizens living in the United States are not Foreign Employees.

         2.01.21 "Hire Date" means the date upon which an Eligible Employee's
most recent employment with his Employer commenced; except that if a former
Participant who has received a benefit under this Plan or any other severance
plan of the Company,


                                      - 3 -


<PAGE>


is rehired by the same Employer within fewer weeks of his Termination Date than
the weeks by which a Severance Benefit was calculated under Section 4.03, his
Hire Date for purposes of subsequent participation in this Plan shall be the
date of hire for the period of employment ending with the last preceding
Termination Date.

                  Hire Date with an Employer will include continuous service
with a predecessor company only to the extent that the Administrative Committee,
in its discretion, determines that such service shall be included in years of
service. The Administrative Committee shall notify participants of such a
determination when made.

         2.01.22 "Independent Contractor" means an individual vendor, or
employee of a vendor, that has a contract with the Company, a Subsidiary or
Affiliate to provide consulting or other services and that retains the
independent right to control the means and manner of achieving the results
sought by the Company.

         2.01.23 "Leased Employee" means any person (other than an employee of
the recipient) who, pursuant to an agreement between an Employer and any leasing
organization, has performed services for an Employer (or for an Employer and
related persons determined in accordance with Section 414(n)(6) of the Code) on
a substantially full-time basis for a period of at least one year, and such
services are performed under the primary direction or control of an Employer. It
is expressly intended that individuals treated as Leased Employees by an
Employer on its payroll records or otherwise are to be excluded from
participation in the Plan regardless of whether a court or administrative agency
determines otherwise.

         2.01.24 "Management Level Participant" means a Participant with the
title of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Corporate Services
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief People Officer, General Counsel, Vice
President, Director, or Manager of WCL, or their equivalents within the WCL
organization, as determined by the official company records of WCL and the
Benefits Committee.

         2.01.25 "Participant" means an Eligible Employee who becomes a
Participant in accordance with subsection 3.01 hereof.

         2.01.26 "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such
term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) a
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding
securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.

         2.01.27 "Plan" means the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Severance
Protection Plan.

         2.01.28 "Severance" means the involuntary termination of employment
that has been approved by the Employer's Chief People Officer or his designee as
a Severance and which is not for Cause or due to the consummation of an asset
sale or divestiture but

                                      - 4 -


<PAGE>


         is for other business reasons, and for which the Employer determines
         that there is no reasonable expectation of recall.

                           The term Severance does not include the re-assignment
         or re-deployment of an Eligible Employee to another position within the
         Employer's organization, the Company, a Subsidiary, or Affiliate, so
         long as the position provides i) compensation equal to at least eighty
         percent (80%) of the sum of the employee's Base Wages and Target
         Incentive, and ii) a principal office that is not more than 50 miles
         from the employee's office at the time of re-assignment. A
         re-assignment or re-deployment to a position that provides compensation
         that is less than eighty percent (80%) of the sum of the employee's
         Base Wages and Target Incentive, and/or relocates the employee's
         principal office farther than 50 miles, shall be deemed a Severance
         under the Plan.

                  2.01.29 "Severance Benefit" means the amounts payable and
         benefits continued in accordance with subsection 4.03.1 hereof.

                  2.01.30 "Subsidiary" means any corporation, partnership or
         joint venture in which the Company, directly or indirectly, holds a
         majority of the voting power of such corporation's outstanding shares
         of capital stock or a majority of the capital or profits interests of
         such partnership or joint venture.

                  2.01.31 "Target Incentive" means the target incentive
         established for a Participant under the annual sales incentive plan or
         annual incentive plan in which he participates with respect to the
         fiscal year in which his termination of employment occurs.

                  2.01.32 "Termination Date" means the date designated by the
         Employer as the Employee's final day of employment.

                  2.01.33 "WCG" means Williams Communications Group, Inc.

                  2.01.34 "WCL" means Williams Communications, LLC, a wholly
         owned subsidiary of Williams Communications Group, Inc.

                  2.01.35 "Weeks Benefit" shall mean 1/52nd of Base Wages.

                            SECTION 3. PARTICIPATION

         3.01 Participation. Each Eligible Employee who is notified in writing
that his employment is or will be terminated as a result of a Severance shall be
a Participant in the plan.

         3.02 Duration of Participation. A Participant shall cease to be a
Participant when he ceases to be employed by the Employer, unless the
Participant has a right to a Severance Benefit under section 4.01 hereof, or
when he becomes a Participant in the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change
in Control Severance Plans I or II. A Participant who becomes entitled to
payment of a Severance Benefit pursuant to subsection 4.01 shall remain a
Participant until the full amount of the Severance Benefit has been paid to the
Participant.


                                      - 5 -


<PAGE>
                          SECTION 4. SEVERANCE BENEFIT


         4.01 Right to Severance Benefit under the Plan. Except as set forth in
subsection 4.02 hereof and subject to the execution and effectiveness of the
Agreements required by subsection 4.03.1 hereof, a Participant whose employment
is terminated due to Severance shall be entitled to receive a Severance Benefit,
provided that a participant must remain employed until his Termination Date
unless otherwise approved by the Chief People Officer of WCL.

                  4.01.1 A Severance Benefit may be provided to a Participant
         who is on short-term disability leave pursuant to his Employer's
         short-term disability policy. If the Participant's medically documented
         return-to-work date would have been within six (6) months of the
         initial date of Participant's disability had no Severance occurred, the
         Participant will be entitled to a Severance Benefit effective as of the
         date the Participant would have returned to work.

         4.02 No Right to Severance Benefit Under the Plan. Notwithstanding
section 4.01, if a Participant's employment is terminated for the following
reasons or in connection with the following events, the Participant shall not be
entitled to any Severance Benefit regardless of a Severance:

                          4.02.1 Termination for Cause On or Prior to
                 Termination Date.


                          4.02.2 Termination while on Educational or Personal
                 Leave, as the Employer defines those terms.

                          4.02.3 Eligibility for Other Benefit. Eligibility for
                 a separate payment upon termination under the terms of an
                 employment contract or other agreement, program, or plan with
                 Employer, including, but not limited to under Williams
                 Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance
                 Protection Plan I or Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change
                 in Control Severance Protection Plan II.

                          4.02.4 Voluntary Resignation On or Prior to
                 Termination Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Employer's
                 Chief People Officer.

                          4.02.5 Termination With Offer for Successor
                 Employment. A termination with offer for successor employment
                 shall have occurred when the Company or the Participant's
                 Employer sells, outsources, assigns, or otherwise disposes of
                 substantially all of the functions of the Subsidiary, business
                 unit or other functional group (or all or substantially all of
                 the assets thereof) in which the Participant was employed
                 before such sale, disposition, outsourcing or assignment to any
                 Person, and the Participant is offered employment with the
                 acquirer or successor on comparable terms and conditions under
                 which he worked for his Employer. An offer will be deemed
                 "comparable" if the position provides to any Participant at
                 least eighty percent (80%) of the aggregate of such
                 Participant's Base Wages and his Target Incentive as of his
                 Termination Date, and the location of Participant's principal
                 office does not move by more than fifty (50) miles.


                                      - 6 -


<PAGE>


                  4.02.6 Death.

                  4.02.7 Termination while on Long-Term Disability. Receipt of
         long-term disability benefits under the Employer's Long-Term Disability
         Plan at the time of notification of Severance.

         4.03 Severance Benefit.

                  4.03.1 Subject to the execution and effectiveness of the
         Agreements, and without the necessity of a claim being made under
         subsection 7.05 hereof, the Employer shall pay a Participant who is
         entitled to a Severance Benefit under subsection 4.01 an amount (the
         "Severance Benefit") equal to the following:

                 4.03.1.1 A Non-Management Level Participant who has completed
         one full year of service, calculated from his Hire Date, shall receive
         two (2) Weeks Benefit, subject to the deductions allowed in Sections
         4.04 and 9.06, for each completed year of service with the Employer.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Severance Benefit shall be a minimum
         of six (6) Weeks Benefit and a maximum of fifty-two (52) Weeks Benefit.
         Partial years of service shall not be included in the severance
         calculation.

                 4.03.1.2 A Non-Management Level Participant who has completed
         less than one (1) year of service shall be entitled to two (2) Weeks
         Benefit, subject to the deductions allowed in Sections 4.04 and 9.06.

                 4.03.1.3 Regardless of length of service, Management Level
         Participants shall be entitled to a Severance Benefit of the greater of
         i) two (2) Weeks Benefit, subject to the deductions allowed in Sections
         4.04 and 9.06, for each full completed year of service with the
         Employer, calculated from Participant's Hire Date, with a maximum of
         fifty-two (52) Weeks Benefit; or ii) the amount set forth on Exhibit A
         hereto, subject to the deductions allowed in Sections 4.04 and 9.06.

                 4.03.1.4 Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary,
         to the extent that the Employer makes a payment to the Participant in
         accordance with federal, state, or local law (U.S. or foreign) in
         connection with a termination of employment or pursuant to plant
         closing law, (including, but not limited to the Worker Adjustment and
         Retraining Notification Act, 29 U.S.C.A. 2101-2109), or otherwise, the
         Severance Benefit shall be reduced by any and all such payments. In
         addition, should the Employer be required to provide a notice payment
         pursuant to federal, state, or local plant closing law (U.S. or
         foreign), the Severance Benefit shall be reduced to the extent that the
         notice payment represents time that the Participant remains on the
         Employer's active payroll beyond the final date that the Participant
         actually works.

                 4.03.1.5 A Participant shall not be required to mitigate
         damages or the amount of this Severance Benefit by seeking other
         employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of his Severance Benefit
         be reduced by any compensation earned


                                      - 7 -


<PAGE>






         by the Participant as a result of employment after his termination of
         employment with the Employer.

                  4.03.1.6 A Participant shall be entitled to participate in
         COBRA to the extent provided by law. If a Participant receives a
         Severance Benefit hereunder, the Participant shall also be entitled to
         a lump sum payment equal to the full COBRA cost of Participant's
         premium, as of the Termination Date, for elected medical coverage for
         three (3) months. Participants who have waived medical coverage will
         not receive a payment under this section. This subsection 4.03.1.6
         shall not be interpreted so as to limit any benefits to which the
         Participant, the Participant's dependents or the Participant's
         beneficiaries may be entitled under any of the Company's employee
         benefit plans, programs, or practices following the Participant's
         termination of employment, including, without limitation, retiree
         medical benefits. A Participant's continuation of participation in or
         the conversion of benefits under the benefit plans of his Employer
         shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable
         plan documents or insurance contracts as in effect on the Termination
         Date.

         4.04 Amounts Owed to Employer. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Employer may reduce the amount of the Severance Benefit payable to
a Participant by any amounts owed to the Employer by the Participant under a
previous written agreement. Specifically, the Employer may withhold from the
Severance Benefit overdue credit card balances and any other liquidated amounts
that the Participant has previously agreed in writing may be withheld. However,
nothing in this section shall allow the Employer to reduce the Severance Benefit
below One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00).

         4.05 Payment. The Severance Benefit shall be paid in a lump sum as soon
as practical following the date on which the Agreements have been properly
executed by the Participant, returned to the Employer and have become effective
by their terms.

         4.06 Rehire. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if a
Participant is rehired by his Employer after receiving a Severance Benefit under
the Plan, the Participant may retain the portion of the Severance Benefit
representing the period between the Termination Date and the date of
commencement of employment following rehire, but must repay the balance to the
Employer.

         4.07 Exclusive Severance Benefit. Any Severance Benefit which is paid
to a Participant under this Plan shall be the exclusive payment to which a
Participant is entitled from the Company upon Severance and is in lieu of any
other severance, change in control severance or termination benefit to which the
Participant might otherwise become eligible, whether pursuant to the Williams
Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance Protection Plan I, the
Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance Protection Plan
II, or otherwise.


                                      - 8 -


<PAGE>
                         SECTION 5. SUCCESSOR TO COMPANY

                  This Plan shall bind any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) which becomes such on
or after a Change in Control has occurred to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company or WCL in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company or WCL would be obligated under this Plan if no
succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor
(which becomes such on or after a Change in Control has occurred) would not by
the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the
Company and WCL shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to
assume and agree to perform the Company's and WCL's obligations under this Plan,
in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company and WCL would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

                 SECTION 6. DURATION. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

         6.01 Duration. The Plan shall continue indefinitely unless terminated
as provided in subsection 6.02 hereof.

         6.02 Amendment and Termination. This Plan may be amended or terminated
at any time by a written resolution adopted by a majority vote of the Board or
its delegate.

                            SECTION 7. ADMINISTRATION

         7.01 Allocation of Responsibilities.

                  7.01.1 Board of Directors. The Board shall have exclusive
         authority and responsibility for:

                          (a) The amendment or termination of this Plan in
                 accordance with subsection 6.02 hereof; and

                          (b) The delegation to the Benefits Committee of any
                 authority and responsibility reserved herein to the Board.

                 7.01.2 Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee
         shall serve as plan administrator and shall have exclusive authority
         and responsibility for those functions set forth in subsection 7.02
         hereof, and in other provisions of this Plan.

         7.02 Provisions Concerning the Administrative Committee.

                  7.02.1 Membership and Voting. The Administrative Committee
         shall serve as plan administrator. The Administrative Committee shall
         consist of not less than three (3) members. The Administrative
         Committee shall act by a majority of its members at the time in office,
         and such action may be taken by a vote at a meeting, in writing without
         a meeting, or by telephonic communications. Attendance at a meeting
         shall constitute waiver of notice thereof. A member of the
         Administrative Committee who is a Participant of the Plan shall not
         vote on any question relating specifically to such Participant. Any
         such action shall be voted or decided by a majority of the remaining


                                      - 9 -

<PAGE>
         members of the Administrative Committee. The Administrative Committee
         shall designate one of its members as the Chairman and shall appoint a
         Secretary who may, but need not, be a member thereof. The
         Administrative Committee may appoint from its members such
         sub-committees with such powers as it shall determine.

               7.02.2 Duties of the Administrative Committee. The Administrative
         Committee shall administer the Plan in accordance with its terms and
         shall have all the powers necessary to carry out such terms. The
         Administrative Committee shall execute any certificate, instrument or
         other written direction on behalf of the Plan and may make any payment
         on behalf of the Plan. The Administrative Committee or its delegate
         shall determine all interpretations of this Plan, and questions
         concerning its administration and application. The Administrative
         Committee may appoint such accountants, counsel, specialists, and other
         Persons as it deems necessary or desirable in connection with the
         administration of this Plan. Such accountants and counsel may, but need
         not, be accountants and counsel for the Company.

         7.03  Delegation of Responsibilities; Bonding.

               7.03.1 Delegation and Allocation. The Board, the Benefits
         Committee and the Administrative Committee, respectively, shall have
         the authority to delegate or allocate, from time to time, by a written
         instrument, all or any part of their responsibilities under this Plan
         to such person or persons as each may deem advisable and in the same
         manner to revoke any such delegation or allocation of responsibility.
         Any action of a person in the exercise of such delegated or allocated
         responsibility shall have the same force and effect for all purposes
         hereunder as if such action had been taken by the Board, or either of
         the Committees. The Company, the Board, or either of the Committees
         shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of any such person, who
         shall periodically report to the Board or the Committee from whom they
         received their responsibilities, as applicable, concerning the
         discharge of the delegated or allocated responsibilities.

                  7.03.2 Bonding. The members of the Administrative Committee
         shall serve without bond (except as expressly required by federal law)
         and without compensation for their services as such.

         7.04 Information to be Supplied by the Company. The Company shall
provide to the Administrative Committee or its delegate such information as it
shall from time to time need in the discharge of its duties.

         7.05  Claims Procedure.

                 7.05.1 Initial Claim for Benefits. Each Participant or his
         beneficiary may submit his claim for Severance Benefits to the
         Administrative Committee (or to such other person as may be designated
         by the Administrative Committee) in writing in such form as is
         permitted by the Administrative Committee. A Participant shall have no
         right to seek review of a denial of benefits, or to bring any action in
         any court to enforce a claim for benefits prior to his filing a claim
         for benefits and exhausting his rights to review under subsections
         7.05.1 and 7.05.2.


                                     - 10 -

<PAGE>

               When a claim for benefits has been filed properly, such claim for
         benefits shall be evaluated and the claimant shall be notified of the
         approval or the denial within ninety (90) days after the receipt of
         such claim unless special circumstances require an extension of time
         for processing the claim. If such an extension of time for processing
         is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the
         claimant prior to the termination of the initial ninety (90) day period
         which shall specify the special circumstances requiring an extension
         and the date by which a final decision will be reached (which date
         shall not be later than one hundred and eighty (180) days after the
         date on which the claim was filed). A claimant shall be given a written
         notice in which the claimant shall be advised as to whether the claim
         is granted or denied, in whole or in part. If a claim is denied, in
         whole or in part, the claimant shall be given written notice which
         shall contain (a) the specific reasons for the denial, (b) references
         to pertinent plan provisions upon which the denial is based, (c) a
         description of any additional material or information necessary to
         perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or
         information is necessary, and (d) the claimant's rights to seek review
         of the denial.

               7.05.2 Review of Claim Denial. If a claim is denied, in whole or
         in part, the claimant shall have the right to request that the
         Administrative Committee review the denial, provided that the claimant
         files a written request for review with the Administrative Committee
         within sixty (60) days after the date on which the claimant received
         written notification of the denial. A claimant (or his duly authorized
         representative) may review pertinent documents and submit issues and
         comments in writing to the Administrative Committee. Within sixty (60)
         days after a request for review is received, the review shall be made
         and the claimant shall be advised in writing of the decision on review,
         unless special circumstances require an extension of time for
         processing the review, in which case the claimant shall be given a
         written notification within such initial sixty (60) day period
         specifying the reasons for the extension and when such review shall be
         completed (provided that such review shall be completed within one
         hundred and twenty (120) days after the date on which the request for
         review was filed). The decision on review shall be forwarded to the
         claimant in writing and shall include specific reasons for the decision
         and references to plan provisions upon which the decision is based. If
         a claimant shall fail to file a request for review in accordance with
         the procedures herein outlined, such claimant shall have no rights to
         review and shall have no right to bring action in any court and the
         denial of the claim shall become final and binding on all persons for
         all purposes.

                       SECTION 8. PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS

         This Plan may be adopted by any Subsidiary or Affiliate. Upon such
adoption, the Subsidiary or Affiliate shall become an Employer and the
provisions of the Plan shall be fully applicable to the employees of that
Subsidiary or Affiliate who become Participants in accordance with subsection
3.01 hereof. This Plan establishes and vests in each Participant a contractual
right to the benefits to which he may become entitled hereunder, enforceable by
the Participant against his Employer. The Company agrees unconditionally to
guarantee the performance by, and obligation of, each Employer under the Plan.




                                     - 11 -

<PAGE>

                            SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS


         9.01 Payment Obligations Absolute. The Company's obligation to pay any
amounts or to provide benefits continuation or any other benefits described in
subsection 4.03 hereof, subject to the deductions expressly allowed in sections
4.04 and 9.06, shall be absolute and unconditional (except as expressly stated
in this Plan) and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without
limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have against any Participant.

         9.02 Indemnification. If a Participant institutes any legal action in
seeking to obtain or enforce, or is required to defend in any legal action the
validity or enforceability of, any right or benefit provided by the Plan, the
Company shall, if the Participant prevails in such action, pay for all
reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by such Participant.

         9.03 Employment Status. The Plan does not constitute a contract of
employment or impose on the Participant or the Company any obligation to retain
the Participant as an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, to change the
status of the Participant's employment, or to change the policies of the Company
or its Subsidiaries regarding termination of employment.

         9.04 Validity and Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of
any provision of the Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of the Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect, and
any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         9.05 Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and
performance of the Plan shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the
United States and, to the extent not preempted by such laws, by the laws of the
State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles.

         9.06 Withholding of Taxes. The Company or its Subsidiaries may withhold
from any amounts payable under the Plan all federal, state, city and/or other
taxes as shall be legally required.

         9.07 Construction. For purposes of the Plan, the following rules of
construction shall apply:

                 9.07.1 The word "or" is used as a disjunctive but not
         necessarily exclusively, as the context may require.

                 9.07.2 Words in the singular include the plural; words in the
         plural include the singular; and words in the neuter gender include the
         masculine and feminine genders and words in the masculine or feminine
         gender include the other and neuter genders.

                                     - 12 -

<PAGE>


         This Plan has been adopted as amended, restated, renamed, and
formalized, as of the 18th day of April, 2002,


                                    WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.



                                    By: /s/ GERALD L. CARSON
                                        -------------------------------
                                            Gerald L. Carson
                                    Title:  Chief People Officer



         Williams Communications, LLC hereby adopts the Plan as provided in
Section 8, effective April 18, 2002.


                                    WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS, LLC


                                    By: /s/ GERALD L. CARSON
                                        -------------------------------
                                            Gerald L. Carson
                                    Title:  Chief People Officer


                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>


                                    Exhibit A

                        Calculation of Severance Benefit

<Table>
<Caption>
    Participant's Title                   Applicable Formula
-----------------------------          ------------------------

<S>                                    <C>
Chief Executive Officer                24 months of Base Wages

Chief Financial and Corporate          18 months of Base Wages
Services Officer, Chief
Operating Officer, Chief
People Officer, General
Counsel

Vice President                         12 months of Base Wages

Director                               6 months of Base Wages

Manager                                2 months of Base Wages

</Table>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
