<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.49
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>d04197exv10w49.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PROTECTION PLAN I
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.49


                       WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.
                     CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE PROTECTION
                                     PLAN I

             (as first amended and restated as of July 14, 2002, and
                  as amended and restated as of July 26, 2002)


                                  Introduction

         The Board of Directors of Williams Communications Group, Inc.
recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly held companies, there always
exists the possibility of a change in control of the Company. This possibility
and the uncertainty it creates may result in the loss or distraction of
executives of the Company and its subsidiaries to the detriment of the Company
and its enterprise value.

         The Board considers the avoidance of such loss and distraction to be
essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company and its
enterprise value. The Board also believes that when a change in control is
perceived as imminent, or is occurring, the Board should be able to receive and
rely on the executives' highest level of service to benefit the Company and its
enterprise value without concern that executives might be distracted or
concerned by the personal uncertainties and risks created by a change in
control.

         Accordingly, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be
taken to assure the Company of the continued employment and attention and
dedication to duty of its executives and to ensure the availability of their
continued service, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a
change in control.

         In order to fulfill the above purposes, and recognizing that executives
shall be entitled to rely on the various benefits, the Board adopts, amends and
restates the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance
Protection Plan I, effective as of April 18, 2002.

                        SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN

         As of the Effective Date, the Company established a severance
compensation plan known as the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in
Control Severance Protection Plan I, as set forth in this document, subject to
the next sentence, This Plan shall not take effect unless and until the purchase
by Leucadia National Corporation ("LNC") of shares of Common Stock of the
Company's reorganized successor in the Chapter 11 Plan shall have been
consummated pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Investment Agreement, dated July 26, 2002, by and between the Company, Williams
Communications, LLC and LNC. If this Plan does not become effective pursuant to
the preceding sentence prior to February 28, 2003, the Plan shall continue in
accordance with the terms of the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in
Control Severance Protection Plan I attached hereto as Exhibit B as if this
amended and restated Plan had not been executed. For purposes hereof, the
"Chapter 11 Plan" means the



<PAGE>


plan of reorganization of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, CG
Austria, Inc., pursuant to a proceeding tinder Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
(II U.S.C. Section 1101, et seq.).

                             SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS

         2.01 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere herein, as
used herein, the following words and phrases when used with initial capital
letters shall have the following respective meanings.

                  2.01.1 "Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended from time to time,

                  2.01.2 "Affiliate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term) in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Act.

                  2.01.3 "Base Salary" means the amount a Participant is
         entitled to receive as salary on an annualized basis, excluding all
         bonus, overtime and incentive compensation, payable by the Company as
         consideration for the Participant's service, as in effect on the date
         immediately preceding termination of employment, or, if higher, as in
         effect immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event which
         constitutes Good Reason.

                  2.01.4 "Beneficial Ownership" shall include ownership of:

                           (a) any securities that such Person or any of such
                  Person's Affiliates is deemed to "beneficially own" within the
                  meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Act, as in effect on the date
                  of this Plan;

                           (b) any securities (the "Underlying Securities") that
                  such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates has the right
                  to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or
                  only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement,
                  arrangement or understanding (written or oral), or upon the
                  exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights,
                  warrants or options, or otherwise (it being understood that
                  such Person will also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of
                  the securities convertible into or exchangeable for the
                  Underlying Securities); and

                           (c) any Securities beneficially owned by persons that
                  are part of a "group" (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)
                  under the Act) with such Person.

                  2.01.5 "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  2.01.6 "Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if
         the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have
         occurred;

                           (a) Any Person, is or becomes the Beneficial Owner,
                  directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
                  representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
                  Company's then outstanding securities; or


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


                           (b) The following individuals, cease for any reason
                  to constitute a majority of the number of Directors then
                  serving; individuals who, on April 18, 2002, constitute the
                  Board and any new Director (other than a Director whose
                  initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual
                  or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a
                  consent solicitation, relating to the election of Directors of
                  the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or
                  nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was
                  approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3)
                  of the Directors then still in office who either were
                  Directors on April 18, 2002, or whose appointment, election or
                  nomination for election was previously so approved or
                  recommended; provided, however that this paragraph (b) shall
                  not apply solely by virtue of a change in the individuals
                  constituting a majority of the number of directors as
                  implemented pursuant to a consummated plan of reorganization
                  of WCG or WCL in a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the
                  Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. Section 1101, et seq.) ("Bankruptcy
                  Code") where the ownership of the common stock of the Company
                  is transferred only to creditors of the Company; or

                           (c) There is consummated a merger or consolidation of
                  the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
                  Company with any other corporation or entity, other than (i) a
                  merger or consolidation which results in the voting securities
                  of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or
                  consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining
                  outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
                  the surviving entity or any parent thereof), in combination
                  with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding
                  securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or
                  any Subsidiary of the Company, at least 51% of the combined
                  voting power of the securities of the Company or such
                  surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately
                  after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or
                  consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the
                  Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or
                  becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of
                  securities of the Company representing 25% or more of the
                  combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding
                  securities; or

                           (d) The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of
                  complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is
                  consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the
                  Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets,
                  other than (i) a sale or disposition by the Company of all or
                  substantially all of the Company's assets to an entity, at
                  least 51% of the combined voting power of the voting
                  securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company
                  in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
                  the Company immediately prior to such sale or (ii) a sale or
                  disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the
                  Company's assets to an entity, at least 51% of the combined
                  voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by
                  former creditors of the Company that received such securities
                  in respect of their claims upon consummation of a plan of
                  reorganization and in accordance with the terms of such plan
                  of reorganization of WCG or WCL in a proceeding under Chapter
                  11 of the Bankruptcy Code.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>


Notwithstanding the foregoing, a "Change in Control" shall not be deemed to have
occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of
integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the
common stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of
transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in
an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
immediately following such transaction or series of transactions.

                  2.01.7 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
         amended from time to time.

                  2.01.8 "Committee" means the individuals (not fewer than three
         in number) who, on the date six (6) months before the Change in
         Control, constitute the Compensation Committee of the Board, plus, in
         the event that fewer than three (3) individuals are available from the
         Compensation Committee as constituted on that date, such individuals as
         may be appointed by the individual or individuals who are so available
         (including for this purpose any individual or individuals previously so
         appointed); provided, however, that the maximum number of individuals
         constituting the Committee shall not exceed five (5).

                  2.01.9 "Company" means WCG and shall include any successor to
         its business and/or assets, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
         shall include WCL at any time that the voting securities of WCL are
         held by any Person other than WCG or its wholly owned Subsidiary, and
         shall include WCL and any other Subsidiary which has adopted the Plan
         where the context so requires.

                  2.01.10 "Director" when used in this Plan, means any
         individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  2.01.11 "Disability" means a physical or mental incapacity of
         a Participant which substantially prevents the Participant, after
         reasonable accommodation, from performing the essential functions of
         his duties as they existed immediately prior to a Change in Control on
         a full-time basis for a period of six (6) calendar months out of any
         twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period and which could
         reasonably be expected to continue for a period of at least eighteen
         (18) months following such twelve (12) month period.

                  2.01.12 "Effective Date" means April 18, 2002.

                  2.01.13 "Eligible Employees" means those key executives or
         members of management of the Company (or of a Subsidiary which has
         adopted the Plan) who are designated in writing as Eligible Employees
         by the Company on Exhibit A, as it may be amended from time to time by
         the Company for purposes of this Plan. Although the Company can
         generally revoke the designation of an individual as an Eligible
         Employee, such a designation cannot be revoked (other than with the
         written consent of the affected Eligible Employee):

                           (i)      following a Change in Control, or


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


                           (ii)     during the period beginning on the date two
                                    (2) months prior to the Company's signing of
                                    any agreement the consummation of which
                                    would constitute a Change in Control and
                                    ending upon the earlier to occur of:

                                    (1) the second anniversary of a Change in
                                    Control; or

                                    (2) a cancellation of such an agreement,
                                    provided that the Company does not enter
                                    into a similar agreement within the six (6)
                                    months following such cancellation, or

                           (iii)    during the one-year period commencing April
                                    18, 2002.


         Eligible employees under the Plan shall not be eligible to participate
         in the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change in Control Severance
         Protection Plan II, amended and restated as of December 6, 2001, as
         amended effective April 18, 2002, and from time to time.

                  2.01.14 "Employer" means the Company or a Subsidiary which has
         adopted the Plan pursuant to Section 9 hereof.

                  2.01.15 "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
         Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

                  2.01.16 "Good Reason" shall have the meaning set forth in
         subsection 4.02.1.2 of this Plan.

                  2.01.17 "Incentive Plan" means any and all of the Company's
         stock, bonus, sales incentive, and other incentive plans in existence
         now or immediately prior to a Change in Control.

                  2.01.18 "Participant" mean an Eligible Employee who becomes a
         Participant in accordance with subsection 3.01 hereof.

                  2.01.19 "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section
         3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and
         14(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (i) the Company
         or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
         securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its
         Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
         pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation
         owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
         substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the
         Company.

                  2.01.20 "Plan" means the Williams Communications Group, Inc.
         Change in Control Severance Protection Plan I, as modified pursuant to
         Section 1 hereof, if at all.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>


                  2.01.21 "Related Party" means (i) a Subsidiary, (ii) an
         employee or group of employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, (iii)
         a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee
         benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary, or (iv) a corporation
         owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
         substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the
         Company.

                  2.01.22 "Retirement" shall have the meaning ascribed to such
         term in the Company's governing tax-qualified retirement plan
         applicable to the Participant.

                  2.01.23 "Severance Benefit" means the amounts payable and
         benefits continued in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

                  2.01.24 "Subsidiary" means any corporation , partnership or
         joint venture in which the Company, directly or indirectly, holds a
         majority of the voting power of such corporation's outstanding shares
         of capital stock or a majority of the capital or profits interests of
         such partnership or joint venture.

                  2.01.25 "Target Incentive" means the target incentive
         established for a Participant under the annual bonus or annual
         incentive plan in which he participates with respect to the fiscal year
         in which his termination of employment occurs, or, if higher, with
         respect to the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in
         which occurs the first event which constitutes Good Reason.

                  2.01.26 "WCG" means Williams Communications Group, Inc.

                  2.01.27 "Termination Date" means the date of a termination of
         employment which gives rise to a Severance Benefit under this Plan.

                  2.01.28 "WCL" means Williams Communications, LLC, a wholly
         owned subsidiary of Williams Communications Group, Inc.

                             SECTION 3. ELIGIBILITY

         3.01 Participation. Each individual who is an Eligible Employee at the
time a Change in Control occurs shall become a Participant at that time,

         3.02 Duration of Participation. A Participant shall cease to be a
Participant when he ceases to be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, unless
the termination of the Participant's employment is described in subsection
4.02.1 hereof. A Participant who becomes entitled to payment of a Severance
Benefit pursuant to subsections 4.02.1 and 4.03.1 shall remain a Participant
until the full amount of the Severance Benefit has been paid to the Participant.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, an Eligible Employee who is employed
by an Affiliate shall be covered by the provisions of this Plan.

                          SECTION 4. SEVERANCE BENEFIT

         4.01 Right to Severance Benefit, Subject to the execution and
effectiveness of the agreements required by subsection 4.03.1 hereof, a
Participant shall be entitled to receive a


                                      -6-
<PAGE>


Severance Benefit from the Company if a Change in Control has occurred and if,
within two (2) years thereafter, the Participant's employment by the Company
shall terminate for any reason specified in subsection 4.02.1 hereof, whether
the termination is voluntary or involuntary. Notwithstanding anything in this
Plan to the contrary, any termination of employment of the Participant with the
Company (a) not more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the date on
which a Change in Control occurs, or (b) following the commencement of any
proceeding that ultimately results in a Change in Control, shall be deemed to be
a termination within two (2) years following a Change in Control for purposes of
this Plan.

         4.02 Termination of Employment,

                  4.02.1 Terminations That Give Rise to a Severance Benefit
         Under This Plan.

                           4.02.1.1 Except as set forth in subsection 4.02.2
                  hereof, any termination of employment of a Participant with
                  the Company by action of the Company within two (2) years
                  following a Change in Control (excluding any transfer to a
                  Subsidiary) shall entitle the Participant to a Severance
                  Benefit (subject to the execution and effectiveness of the
                  agreements required by subsection 4.03.1 hereof).

                           4.02.1.2 Any termination of employment of a
                  Participant with the Company by the Participant for Good
                  Reason shall entitle the Participant to a Severance Benefit
                  (subject to the execution and effectiveness of the agreements
                  required by subsection 4.03.1 hereof). For purposes of this
                  Plan, "Good Reason" means the occurrence, within two (2) years
                  following a Change in Control, of any of the following events,
                  unless the Participant has consented thereto;

                                    (i)      a material diminution in the
                                             Participant's duties, authorities
                                             or responsibilities,

                                    (ii)     a material reduction of total
                                             compensation, provided that any
                                             reduction in total compensation due
                                             to a reduction in amounts paid or
                                             payable as compared to amounts paid
                                             or payable in any prior period in
                                             accordance with the terms of the
                                             Annual Incentive Plan shall not
                                             constitute Good Reason,

                                    (iii)    removal from or failure to reelect
                                             the Participant to, any corporate
                                             office of the Company (other than
                                             due to the resignation by the
                                             officer or refusal to accept a
                                             nomination to such office), or

                                    (iv)     the Company has moved the
                                             Participant's principal office more
                                             than 200 miles from its location as
                                             of the effective date of any plan
                                             of reorganization of the Company in
                                             a proceeding under Chapter 11 of
                                             the Bankruptcy Code.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>


                  4.02.2 Terminations That Do Not Give Rise to a Severance
         Benefit Under This Plan. If a Participant's employment with the Company
         is terminated after a Change in Control due to Cause (as defined
         below), Disability, death, Retirement, or the Sale of a Business (as
         defined below), the Participant shall not be entitled to a Severance
         Benefit, regardless of the occurrence of a Change in Control.

                           4.02.2.1 A termination for Cause shall have occurred
                  when a Participant is terminated for (i) gross negligence,
                  recklessness or malfeasance in the performance of the
                  Participant's duties, (ii) commission by the Participant of
                  any criminal act, act or fraud or other material misconduct
                  resulting or intending to result directly or indirectly in
                  gain or personal enrichment at the expense of the Company,
                  (iii) willfully engaging in any conduct relating to the
                  business of the Company that could reasonably be expected to
                  have a materially detrimental effect on the business or
                  financial condition of the Company, (iv) misconduct which
                  materially discredits or damages the Company, or violates the
                  Company's policies or procedures, after the Company has
                  notified the Participant of the actions deemed to constitute
                  non-compliance, (v) the willful and continued failure by the
                  Participant substantially to perform his duties (other than
                  any such failure resulting from his disability), (vi) the
                  Participant's commission of any felony or any crime involving
                  moral turpitude, and (vii) the Participant's regulatory
                  disqualification which prevents, in a material manner, the
                  performance of the Participant's duties.

                           4.02.2.2 A termination due to the Sale of a Business
                  shall have occurred when, within two (2) years of a Change in
                  Control, the Company or the Participant's Employer has sold or
                  otherwise disposed of the Subsidiary, branch or other business
                  unit (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) in
                  which the Participant was employed before such sale or
                  disposition to any Person, and the Participant has been
                  offered employment with the acquirer of such Subsidiary,
                  branch or unit on substantially the same terms and conditions
                  under which he worked for the Company. Such terms and
                  conditions shall include an agreement or plan binding on such
                  acquirer, providing that upon any termination of employment
                  with the acquirer of the sort described in subsection 4.02.1
                  hereof within two (2) years of such sale or disposition, the
                  acquirer shall pay to each such former Participant the
                  Severance Benefit that such former Participant would have
                  received under this Plan had he been a Participant at the time
                  of such termination.

         4.03 Severance Benefit,

                  4.03.1 If a Participant's employment is terminated under
         circumstances described in subsection 4.02.1 hereof, without the
         necessity of a claim being made under subsection 7.05 hereof, but
         subject to the execution by the Participant of the agreements described
         in clauses (x), (y) and (z) of the next sentence (and the effectiveness
         of such agreements), the Company shall pay such Participant in cash an
         amount (the "Severance Payment") equal to the amount indicated by the
         applicable formula on Exhibit A. Such amount shall be paid on or before
         the later of (i) the tenth (10th) business day following


                                      -8-
<PAGE>



         the date such termination takes effect, and (ii) the fifth (5th)
         business day following the date on which all three of the following
         agreements have been properly executed by the Participant, returned to
         the Company and have become effective by their terms: (x) a waiver and
         release of claims agreement, (y) a non-solicitation agreement, and (z)
         a confidentiality agreement, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to
         the Company.

                  4.03.2 A Participant who receives a payment under subsection
         4.03.1 hereof shall receive on the same date, an additional cash
         payment equal to the Target Incentive that, but for his termination,
         would have been payable to the Participant under the Company's annual
         bonus plan for the calendar year of his termination, assuming that all
         performance targets were met, but prorated based on the portion of the
         calendar year prior to the Participant's termination of employment.
         This payment shall be made without the necessity of a claim being made
         under subsection 7.05 hereof.

                  4.03.3 If a Participant receives a payment under subsection
         4.03.1 hereof, the Company shall continue for the "Deemed Severance
         Period" (determined in accordance with Exhibit A) after the
         Participant's termination of employment, to provide medical benefits to
         the Participant and the Participant's eligible dependents (if any) at
         least equal, and at no additional cost to the Participant and the
         Participant's eligible dependents (if any), to those that would have
         been provided in accordance with the Company's plans and policies in
         effect immediately prior to the Change in Control if the Participant's
         employment had not been terminated. If the terms of the plans do not
         permit continued participation by the Participant or his eligible
         dependents, the Company shall either arrange for substantially similar
         coverage or provide the Participant with a cash payment equal to the
         monetary equivalent thereof. Any continuing obligation by the Company
         with respect to medical benefits shall be reduced to the extent that
         the Participant obtains any such coverages and benefits pursuant to a
         subsequent employer's benefit plans while still receiving coverage from
         the Company, in which case the Company may reduce any of the coverages
         and benefits it is required to provide the Participant hereunder, so
         long as the aggregate coverages and benefits of the combined benefit
         plans is no less favorable to the Participant than the coverages and
         benefits required to be provided hereunder. Any medical benefits that
         have been paid in lump sum shall not be subject to the foregoing
         sentence. This subsection 4.03.3 shall not be interpreted so as to
         limit any benefits to which the Participant, the Participant's
         dependents or the Participant's beneficiaries may be entitled to under
         any of the Company's employee benefit plans, programs, or practices
         following the Participant's termination of employment, including,
         without limitation, retiree medical benefits.

                  4.03.4 Subject to subsection 4.04 hereof, benefits payable
         under this Plan shall be paid in addition to, and not in lieu of, all
         other accrued or vested or earned but deferred compensation rights,
         options, or other benefits which may be owed to a Participant following
         termination.

                  4.03.5 The Participant shall not be required to mitigate
         damages or the amount of this Severance Benefit by seeking other
         employment or otherwise, nor, except as provided in subsection 4.03.3,
         shall the amount of his Severance Benefit be reduced by


                                      -9-
<PAGE>


         any compensation earned by the Participant as a result of employment
         after his termination of employment with the Company.

         4.04 Exclusive Severance Benefit. Any Severance Benefit which becomes
payable to a Participant is in lieu of any other severance, change-in-control
severance or termination benefit which might otherwise become payable to the
Participant, whether pursuant to the Williams Communications Group, Inc. Change
in Control Severance Protection Plan II, the Williams Communications Group, Inc.
Severance Protection Plan, or otherwise.

                         SECTION 5. SUCCESSOR TO COMPANY

                  This Plan shall bind any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) which becomes such on
or after a Change in Control has occurred to all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company or WCL in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company or WCL would be obligated under this Plan if no
succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor
(which becomes such on or after a Change in Control has occurred) would not by
the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the
Company and WCL shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to
assume and agree to perform the Company's and WCL's obligations under this Plan,
in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company and WCL would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

                 SECTION 6. DURATION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

         6.01 Duration. The Plan shall continue indefinitely unless terminated
as provided in subsection 6.02 hereof.

         6.02 Amendment and Termination. Except as set forth below, the Plan may
not be amended or terminated at any time. The Plan may be terminated or amended
in any respect by a written resolution adopted by a majority vote of the Board
at any time except;

                           (i)      following a Change in Control, or

                           (ii)     during the period beginning on the date two
                                    (2) months prior to the Company's signing of
                                    any agreement the consummation of which
                                    would constitute a Change in Control and
                                    ending upon the earlier to occur of:

                                    (1) the second anniversary of a Change in
                                    Control; or

                                    (2) a cancellation of such an agreement,
                                    provided that the Company does not enter
                                    into a similar agreement within the six (6)
                                    months following such cancellation, or

                           (iii)    during the one-year period commencing April
                                    18, 2002.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan may be amended from time to time (I)
with the unanimous written consent of the Eligible Employees listed on Exhibit A
who are then active



                                      -10-
<PAGE>


employees of the Company, or (II) to the extent that such amendment increases
the benefits payable under the Plan or otherwise constitutes a bona tide
improvement of the rights of Participants and/or Eligible Employees under the
Plan or does not affect either Participants or Eligible Employees in any adverse
manner without their express written consent thereto.

                            SECTION 7. ADMINISTRATION

         7.01 Allocation of Responsibilities.

                  7.01.1 Board of Directors. The Board shall have exclusive
         authority and responsibility for:

                           (a) The amendment or termination of this Plan in
                  accordance with subsection 6.02 hereof; and

                           (b) The delegation to the Committee of any authority
                  and responsibility reserved herein to the Board.

                  7.01.2 Committee. The Committee shall serve as plan
         administrator and shall have exclusive authority and responsibility for
         those functions set forth in subsection 7.02 hereof, and in other
         provisions of this Plan.

         7.02 Provisions Concerning the Committee.

                  7.02.1 Membership and Voting. The Committee shall serve as
         plan administrator. The Committee shall consist of not less than three
         (3) members. The Committee shall act by a majority of its members at
         the time in office, and such action may be taken by a vote at a
         meeting, in writing without a meeting, or by telephonic communications.
         Attendance at a meeting shall constitute waiver of notice thereof A
         member of the Committee who is a Participant of the Plan shall not vote
         on any question relating specifically to such Participant. Any such
         action shall be voted or decided by a majority of the remaining members
         of the Committee. The Committee shall designate one (1) of its members
         as the Chairman and shall appoint a Secretary who may, but need not, be
         a member thereof. The Committee may appoint from its members such
         subcommittees with such powers as the Committee shall determine.

                  7.02.2 Duties of the Committee. The Committee shall administer
         the Plan in accordance with its terms and shall have all the powers
         necessary to carry out such terms. The Committee shall execute any
         certificate, instrument or other written direction on behalf of the
         Plan and may make any payment on behalf of the Plan, All
         interpretations of this Plan, and questions concerning its
         administration and application, shall be determined by the Committee
         (or its delegate). The Committee may appoint such accountants, counsel,
         specialists, and other persons as it deems necessary or desirable in
         connection with the administration of this Plan. Such accountants and
         counsel may, but need not, be accountants and counsel for the Company
         or a Related Party.

         7.03 Delegation of Responsibilities Bonding.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>


                  7.03.1 Delegation and Allocation. The Board and the Committee,
         respectively, shall have the authority to delegate or allocate, from
         time to time, by a written instrument, all or any part of their
         responsibilities under this Plan to such person or persons as each may
         deem advisable and in the same manner to revoke any such delegation or
         allocation of responsibility. Any action of a person in the exercise of
         such delegated or allocated responsibility shall have the same force
         and effect for all purposes hereunder as if such action had been taken
         by the Board, or the Committee. The Company, the Board, or the
         Committee shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of any such
         person, who shall periodically report to the Board or the Committee, as
         applicable, concerning the discharge of the delegated or allocated
         responsibilities.

                  7.03.2 Bonding. The members of the Committee shall serve
         without bond (except as expressly required by federal law) and without
         compensation for their services as such.

         7.04 Information to be Supplied by the Company. The Company shall
provide to the Committee or its delegate such information as it shall from time
to time need in the discharge of its duties.

         7.05 Claims Procedure.

                  7.05.1 Initial Claim for Benefits. Each Participant or
         beneficiary may submit his claim for benefits to the Committee (or to
         such other person as may be designated by the Committee) in writing in
         such form as is permitted by the Committee. A Participant shall have no
         right to seek review of a denial of benefits, or to bring any action in
         any court to enforce a claim for benefits prior to his filing a claim
         for benefits and exhausting his rights to review under subsections
         7.05.1 and 7.05.2.

                  When a claim for benefits has been filed properly, such claim
         for benefits shall be evaluated and the claimant shall be notified of
         the approval or the denial within ninety (90) days after the receipt of
         such claim unless special circumstances require an extension of time
         for processing the claim. If such an extension of time for processing
         is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the
         claimant prior to the termination of the initial ninety (90) day period
         which shall specify the special circumstances requiring an extension
         and the date by which a final decision will be reached (which date
         shall not be later than one hundred and eighty (180) days after the
         date on which the claim was filed). A claimant shall be given a written
         notice in which the claimant shall be advised as to whether the claim
         is granted or denied, in whole or in part. If a claim is denied, in
         whole or in part, the claimant shall be given written notice which
         shall contain (a) the specific reasons for the denial, (b) references
         to pertinent plan provisions upon which the denial is based, (c) a
         description of any additional material or information necessary to
         perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or
         information is necessary, and (d) the claimant's rights to seek review
         of the denial.

                  7.05.2 Review of Claim Denial. If a claim is denied, in whole
         or in part, the claimant shall have the right to request that the
         Committee review the denial, provided that the claimant files a written
         request for review with the Committee within sixty (60)


                                      -12-
<PAGE>


         days after the date on which the claimant received written notification
         of the denial. A claimant (or his duly authorized representative) may
         review pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing to
         the Committee. Within sixty (60) days after a request for review is
         received, the review shall be made and the claimant shall be advised in
         writing of the decision on review, unless special circumstances require
         an extension of time for processing the review, in which case the
         claimant shall be given a Written notification within such initial
         sixty (60) day period specifying the reasons for the extension and when
         such review shall be completed (provided that such review shall be
         completed within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the date on
         which the request for review was filed). The decision on review shall
         be forwarded to the claimant in writing and shall include specific
         reasons for the decision and references to plan provisions upon which
         the decision is based. If a claimant shall fail to file a request for
         review in accordance with the procedures herein outlined, such claimant
         shall have no rights to review and shall have no right to bring action
         in any court and the denial of the claim shall become final and binding
         on all persons for all purposes.

                             SECTION 8. TAX PAYMENTS

         8.01 The Company agrees that it will proactively work with the
Executive to identify and implement structures to minimize or eliminate the
excise tax as described in Section 8.02.

         8.02 Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, if any
amount or benefit to be paid or provided under this Plan would, singly, or in
combination with other payments or benefits received or to be received by the
Participant from the Company, be an "Excess Parachute Payment," within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), or any successor provision thereto, but for the application of this
sentence, then the payments and benefits to be paid or provided under this Plan
shall be reduced to the minimum extent necessary (but in no event to less than
zero) so that no portion of any such payment or benefit provided under this
Plan, as so reduced, constitutes an Excess Parachute Payment provided, however,
that the foregoing reduction shall be made only f and to the extent that such
reduction would result in an increase in the aggregate payment and benefits to
be provided under this Plan and such other payments or benefits, determined on
an after-tax basis (taking into account the excise tax imposed pursuant to
Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, any tax imposed by
any comparable provision of state law, and any applicable federal, state and
local income taxes). The determination of whether any reduction in such payment
or benefits to be provided under this Plan is required pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall be made at the expense of the Company, if requested by the
Participant or the Company, by the Company's independent accountants. The fact
that the Participant's right to payments or benefits provided under this Plan
may be reduced by reason of the limitations contained in this Section 8.02 shall
not itself limit or otherwise affect any other rights of the Participant other
than pursuant to this Plan. In the event that any payment or benefit intended to
be provided tinder this Plan is required to be reduced pursuant to this Section
8.02, the Participant shall be entitled to designate the payments and/or
benefits to be so reduced in order to give effect to this Section 8.02. The
Company shall provide the Participant with all information reasonably requested
by the Participant to permit the Participant to make such designation. In the
event that the Participant fails to make such designation within 10 business
days of the Termination Date, the Company may effect such reduction in any
manner it deems appropriate.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>


                       SECTION 9. PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS

         This Plan may be adopted by any Subsidiary or Affiliate. Upon such
adoption, the Subsidiary or Affiliate shall become an Employer and the
provisions of the Plan shall be fully applicable to the employees of that
Subsidiary or Affiliate who are designated by the Company as Eligible Employees
in accordance with subsection 2.01.13 hereof and become Participants in
accordance with subsection 3.01 hereof This Plan established and vests in each
Participant a contractual right to the benefits to which he may become entitled
hereunder, enforceable by the Participant against his Employer. The Company
agrees unconditionally to guarantee the performance by, and obligation of; each
Employer under the Plan.

                           SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS

         10.01 Payment Obligations Absolute. The Company's obligation to pay any
amounts or to provide benefits continuation or any other benefits described in
subsection 4.03 hereof shall be absolute and unconditional (except as expressly
stated in this Plan) arid shall not be affected by any circumstances, including,
without limitation, any set-off; counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other
right which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may have against any
Participant.

         10.02 Indemnification. If a Participant institutes any legal action in
seeking to obtain or enforce, or is required to defend in any legal action the
validity or enforceability of, any right or benefit provided by the Plan, the
Company shall pay for all reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by such
Participant.

         10.03 Employment Status. The Plan does not constitute a contract of
employment or impose on the Participant or the Company any obligation to retain
the Participant as an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, to change the
status of the Participant's employment, or to change the policies of the Company
or its Subsidiaries regarding termination of employment.

         10.04 Validity and Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of
any provision of the Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of the Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect, and
any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         10.05 Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and
performance of the Plan shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the
United States and, to the extent not preempted by such laws, by the laws of the
State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles.

         10.06 Withholding of Taxes. The Company or its Subsidiaries may
withhold from any amounts payable under the Plan all federal, state, city and/or
other taxes as shall be legally required.

         10.07 Obligations Unfunded. All benefits due a Participant under this
Plan are unfunded and unsecured and are payable out of the general funds of the
Company. The Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries may establish a "grantor
trust" for the payment of benefits and


                                      -14-
<PAGE>


obligations hereunder, provided however; that the grantor shall remain
responsible for the payment of any such benefits and obligations which are not
so paid by any such trust.

         10.08 Construction. For purposes of this Plan, the following rules of
construction shall apply;

                  10.08.1 No action or failure to act on the Participant's part
         shall be considered "willful" unless done or omitted to be done by the
         Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that such
         action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or a
         Subsidiary.

                  10.08.2 The word "or" is used as a disjunctive but not
         necessarily exclusively, as the context may require.

                  10.08.3 Words in the singular include the plural; words in
         the plural include the singular; and words in the neuter gender include
         the masculine and feminine genders and words in the masculine or
         feminine gender include the other and neuter genders.

         This amended and restated Plan was adopted by the Company as of the
18th day of April, 2002 and amended and restated as of July 14, 2002. The
changes made in this amendment and restatement are effective as of the 26th day
of July 2002.

                                         WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, INC.


Date: July 26, 2002                      By: /s/ GERALD L. CARSON
                                             ---------------------------
                                             GERALD L. CARSON
                                             Chief People Officer

         Williams Communications, LLC adopted the Plan as of the 18th day of
April, 2002, as provided in Section 9. The changes made in this amendment and
restatement are effective as of the 26th day of July 2002.

                                         WILLIAMS COMMUNICATIONS , LLC


Date: July 26, 2002                      By: /s/ GERALD L. CARSON
                                             ---------------------------
                                             GERALD L. CARSON
                                             Chief People Officer



                                      -15-
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                               ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES
                           DEEMED SEVERANCE PERIOD AND
                        CALCULATION OF SEVERANCE PAYMENT


<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                     Deemed
     Name and Title                 Applicable Formula          Severance Period
--------------------------   -------------------------------   ------------------
<S>                          <C>                               <C>

General Counsel, P. David    3 times the sum of Base Salary     3 years
Newsome, Jr.                 plus Target Incentive

Senior Management Group:     2 times the sum of Base Salary     2 years
                             plus Target Incentive
Matthew W. Bross

Jeffrey K. Storey

Howard S. Kalika
</Table>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
