<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>y84839exv10w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.13

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated as of January 1, 2003, by and between HEALTH
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS, INC., a New York corporation (the "Company"), and WILLIAM C.
LUCIA (the "Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS the Company and the Employee desire to enter into an Employment Contract
for the period provided in this Agreement, and the Employee is willing to accept
continued employment with the Company on a full-time basis, in accordance with
the terms and conditions set forth below:

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the promises hereof and the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties hereby covenant and agree as follows:

                  1. Term of Employment.

                  (a) Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement,
         the term of the Employee's employment under this Agreement shall be for
         a period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the third
         anniversary of the date hereof (the "Initial Term").

                  (b) The term of the Employee's employment under this Agreement
         will be renewed for additional one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term")
         upon the expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term unless the
         Company or the Employee delivers to the other, at least 90 days prior
         to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then current Renewal Term,
         as the case may be, a written notice specifying that the term of the
         Employee's employment will not be renewed at the end of the Initial
         Term or such Renewal Term, as the case may be.

                  2. Duties. The Employee shall be employed as the President of
         the Health Management System's TPL business unit and shall faithfully
         and competently perform such duties as inhere in such position and as
         are specified in the by-laws of the Company and shall also perform and
         discharge such other executive employment duties and responsibilities
         as the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer or the
         Board of Directors of the Company shall from time to time determine.
         The Employee shall perform his duties principally at such offices of
         the Company and its subsidiaries as their respective businesses shall
         require, from time to time, with such travel to such other locations
         from time to time as the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating
         Officer or the Board of Directors of the Company may reasonably
         prescribe. Except as may otherwise be approved in advance by the Board
         of Directors of the Company, and except during vacation periods and
         reasonable periods of absence due to sickness, personal injury or other
         disability, the Employee shall devote his full business time throughout
         the Employment Term to the services required of him hereunder. The
         Employee shall render his business services exclusively to the Company
         and its subsidiaries during the Employment Term and shall use his best
         efforts, judgment and energy to improve and advance the business and
         interests of the Company and its subsidiaries in a manner consistent
         with the duties of his position. Nothing contained in this Section
         shall preclude the Employee from performing services for charitable or
         not-for-profit community organizations, provided that such activities
         do not interfere with the Employee's performance of his duties and
         responsibilities under this Agreement.




<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 2

3.       Salary and Bonus.

                  (a) Salary. As compensation for the performance by the
         Employee of the services to be performed by the Employee hereunder
         during the Employment Term, the Company shall pay the Employee a base
         salary at the annual rate of Two Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars
         ($225,000), said amount, together with any increases thereto as may be
         determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole
         discretion. Any Salary payable hereunder shall be paid in regular
         intervals in accordance with the Company's payroll practices from time
         to time in effect.

                  (b) Bonus. The Employee shall be eligible to receive bonus
         compensation from the Company in respect of each fiscal year during the
         Employment Term in an amount of 50% of Salary, in each case as may be
         determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole
         discretion on the basis of meeting TPL business objectives established
         from time to time by the Board of Directors.


         4.  Other Benefits.  During the Employment Term, the Employee shall:

                  (a) be eligible to participate in employee fringe benefits and
         pension and/or profit sharing plans that may be provided by the Company
         for its senior executive employees in accordance with the provisions of
         any such plans, as the same may be in effect from time to time;

                  (b) be eligible to participate in any medical and health plans
         or other employee welfare benefit plans that may be provided by the
         Company for its senior executive employees in accordance with the
         provisions of any such plans, as the same may be in effect from time to
         time;

                  (c) be entitled to the number of paid vacation days in each
         calendar year determined by the Company from time to time for its
         senior executive officers, provided that such number of paid vacation
         days in each calendar year shall not be less than twenty work days
         (four calendar weeks); the Employee shall also be entitled to all paid
         holidays given by the Company to its senior executive officers;

                  (d) be eligible for consideration by the Board of Directors of
         the Company for awards of stock options under any stock option plan
         that may be established by the Company for its and its subsidiaries'
         key employees, the amount, if any, of shares for which options may be
         granted to Employee to be in the sole discretion of the Board of
         Directors of the Company;



                                                                               2
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 3

                  (e) be entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability
         benefits in accordance with any Company policy that may be applicable
         to senior executive employees from time to time; and

                  (f) be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and
         necessary out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by the Employee in
         the performance of his duties hereunder in accordance with the
         Company's normal policies from time to time in effect.


                  5. Confidential Information. The Employee hereby covenants,
         agrees and acknowledges as follows:

                  (a) The Employee has and will have access to and will
         participate in the development of or be acquainted with confidential or
         proprietary information and trade secrets related to the business of
         the Company and any present or future subsidiaries or affiliates of the
         Company (collectively with the Company, the "Companies"), including but
         not limited to (i) customer lists; claims histories, adjustments and
         settlements and related records and compilations of information; the
         identity, lists or descriptions of any new customers, referral sources
         or organizations; financial statements; cost reports or other financial
         information; contract proposals or bidding information; business plans;
         training and operations methods and manuals; personnel records;
         software programs; reports and correspondence; and management systems,
         policies or procedures, including related forms and manuals; (ii)
         information pertaining to future developments such as future marketing
         or acquisition plans or ideas, and potential new business locations;
         (iii) confidential or non-public information relating to business
         operations and strategic plans of third parties with which the
         Companies have or may be assessing commercial arrangements ("Third
         Party Information") and (iv) all other tangible and intangible
         property, that are used in the business and operations of the Companies
         but not made public. The information and trade secrets relating to the
         business of the Companies described herein above (including Third Party
         Information) in this paragraph (a) are hereinafter referred to
         collectively as the "Confidential Information", provided that the term
         Confidential Information shall not include any information (x) that is
         or becomes generally publicly available (other than as a result of
         violation of this Agreement by the Employee), (y) that the Employee
         receives on a nonconfidential basis from a source (other than the
         Companies or their representatives) or, in the case of Third Party
         Information, from a source (other than the Companies, the third parties
         to which such information relates or their respective representatives)
         that is not known by him to be bound by an obligation of secrecy or
         confidentiality to any of the Companies (or such third parties, in the
         case of Third Party Information) or (z) that was in the possession of
         the Employee prior to disclosure by the Companies (or such third
         parties, in the case of Third Party Information).



                                                                               3
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 4

                  (b) The Employee shall not disclose, use or make known for his
         or another's benefit any Confidential Information or use such
         Confidential Information in any way except as is in the best interests
         of the Companies in the performance of the Employee's duties under this
         Agreement. The Employee may disclose Confidential Information when
         required by a third party and applicable law or judicial process, but
         only after providing immediate notice to the Company at any third
         party's request for such information, which notice shall include the
         Employee's intent with respect to such request.

                  (c) The Employee acknowledges and agrees that a remedy at law
         for any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 5
         would be inadequate and, therefore, agrees that the Companies shall be
         entitled to injunctive relief in addition to any other available rights
         and remedies in case of any such breach or threatened breach by the
         Employee (and the Employee hereby waives any requirement that any of
         the Companies provide a bond or other security in connection with the
         issuance of any such injunction); provided, however, that nothing
         contained herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Companies from
         pursuing any other rights and remedies available for any such breach or
         threatened breach.

                  (d) The Employee agrees that, upon termination of his
         employment with the Company for any reason, the Employee shall
         forthwith return to the Company all Confidential Information in
         whatever form maintained (including, without limitation, computer discs
         and other electronic media).

                  (e) The obligations of the Employee under this Section 5
         shall, except as otherwise provided herein, survive the termination of
         the Employment Term and the expiration or termination of this
         Agreement.

                  (f) Without limiting the generality of Section 9 hereof, the
         Employee hereby expressly agrees that the foregoing provisions of this
         Section 5 shall be binding upon the Employee's heirs, successors and
         legal representatives.

                  6. Termination.

                  (a) The Employee's employment hereunder shall be terminated
         upon the occurrence of any of the following:

                  (i)      the death of the Employee;

                  (ii) the Employee's inability to perform his duties on account
                  of disability or incapacity for a period of one hundred eighty
                  (180) or more days, whether or not consecutive, within any
                  period of twelve (12) consecutive months;

                  (iii) the Company giving written notice, at any time, to the
                  Employee that the Employee's employment is being terminated
                  "for cause" (as defined below);



                                                                               4
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 5

                  (iv) the Company giving written notice, at any time, to the
                  Employee that the Employee's employment is being terminated
                  other than pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above; or

                  (v) the Employee terminates his employment hereunder for any
                  reason whatsoever (whether by reason of retirement,
                  resignation or otherwise).

                  (b) Termination for "Cause": The following actions, failures
         and events by or affecting the Employee shall constitute "cause" for
         termination within the meaning of clause (iii) above: (A) a conviction
         of the Employee of, or the entering of a plea of nolo contendere by the
         Employee with respect to, a felony, (B) dependence on, or habitual
         abuse of, controlled substances or alcohol (in the case of alcohol
         abuse, that has a material adverse affect on Employee's performance of
         his obligations under this Agreement) or acts of dishonesty by the
         Employee that are materially detrimental to one or more of the
         Companies, (C) willful misconduct by the Employee that materially
         damages the business of one or more of the Companies, (D) gross
         negligence by the Employee in the performance of, or willful disregard
         by the Employee of, his material obligations under this Agreement or
         otherwise relating to his employment, which gross negligence or willful
         disregard continues unremedied for a period of fifteen (15) days after
         written notice thereof to the Employee or (E) failure by the Employee
         to obey the reasonable and lawful orders and policies of the Chief
         Executive Officer or the Chief Operating Officer or the Board of
         Directors of the Company that are material to and consistent with the
         provisions of this Agreement (provided that, in the case of an
         indictment described in clause (A) above, and in the case of clauses
         (B), (C) and (E) above, the Employee shall have received written notice
         of such proposed termination (which notice shall state the Sections of
         this Agreement pursuant to which such termination is being effected and
         a description of the facts supporting such termination) and a
         reasonable opportunity, together with the Employee's counsel, to
         discuss the matter with the Board of Directors of the Company, followed
         by a notice that the Board of Directors adheres to its position).

                  (c) Termination Pay: In the event that the Employee's
         employment is terminated by the Company pursuant to clause (iv) (a)
         above, the employee shall receive 12 months severance pay payable on
         the employee's normal payroll cycle, provided, however, that no such
         payments shall be required to be made if the Employee fails to comply
         with his obligations under Section 8 below or if the Employee shall be
         entitled to receive payments pursuant to 6 (c) above; and the Company
         shall continue to provide the Employee with the health insurance
         benefits provided to other employees of the Company (including employer
         contributions) from the date of such termination until the earlier to
         occur of the last day of the Applicable Period and the date upon which
         the Employee becomes eligible for coverage under the health insurance
         plan of another employer.




                                                                               5
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 6

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary expressed or
         implied herein, except as required by applicable law and except as set
         forth in Section 6 (c) above, the Company (and its affiliates) shall
         not be obligated to make any payments to the Employee or on his behalf
         of whatever kind or nature by reason of the Employee's cessation of
         employment (including, without limitation, by reason of termination of
         the Employee's employment by the Company for "cause"), other than (i)
         such amounts, if any, of his Salary as shall have accrued and remained
         unpaid as of the date of said cessation and (ii) such other amounts, if
         any, that may be then otherwise payable to the Employee pursuant to the
         terms of the Company's benefits plans.

                  (e) No interest shall accrue on or be paid with respect to any
         portion of any payments hereunder.

                  7. Non-Assignability.

                  (a) Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder
         shall be assignable by the Employee or his beneficiaries or legal
         representatives without the Company's prior written consent; provided,
         however, that nothing in this Section 4 (a) shall preclude the Employee
         from designating a beneficiary to receive any benefit payable hereunder
         upon his death or incapacity.

                  (b) Except as required by law, no right to receive payments
         under this Agreement shall be subject to anticipation, commutation,
         alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance, charge, pledge or
         hypothecation or to exclusion, attachment, levy or similar process or
         to assignment by operation of law, and any attempt, voluntary or
         involuntary, to effect any such action shall be null, void and of no
         effect.

                  8. Restrictive Covenants.

                  (a) Competition. During the Employment Term and during the
         Applicable Period (as defined below), the Employee shall not directly
         or indirectly (as a director, officer, executive employee, manager,
         consultant, independent contractor, advisor or otherwise) engage in
         competition with, or own any interest in, perform any services for,
         participate in or be connected with any business or organization that
         engages in competition with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
         within the meaning of Section 8 (d), provided, however, that the
         provisions of this Section 8 (a) shall not be deemed to prohibit the
         Employee's ownership of not more than two percent (2%) of the total
         outstanding shares of common stock of any publicly held company, or
         ownership, whether through direct or indirect stock holdings or
         otherwise, of one percent (1%) or more of the equity of any other
         business. For purposes of this Agreement, the "Applicable Period" shall
         mean the twenty four (24) month period following the termination of the
         Employee's employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever.

                  (b) Non-Solicitation. During the Employment Term and during
         the Applicable Period, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly
         induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries to leave the employ of the Company or such subsidiary, or
         in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company or any
         of its subsidiaries and any employee thereof.



                                                                               6
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 7

                  (c) Non-Interference. During the Employment Term and during
         the Applicable Period, the Employee will not directly or indirectly
         hire, engage, send any work to, place orders with, or in any manner be
         associated with any supplier, contractor, subcontractor or other
         business relation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries if such
         action would be known by him to have a material adverse effect on the
         business, assets or financial condition of the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries or materially interfere with the relationship between any
         such person or entity and the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

                  (d) Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Section 8, a
         person or entity (including, without limitation, the Employee) shall be
         deemed to be a competitor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
         a person or entity (including, without limitation, the Employee) shall
         be deemed to be engaging in competition with the Company or any of its
         subsidiaries, if such person or entity engages in any business engaged
         in by the Company or such subsidiary at the time of termination of the
         Employee's employment with the Company, in either case in --the
         geographic region encompassing the service areas in which the Company
         or any of its subsidiaries conduct, or had an established plan to begin
         --conducting, their businesses at the time of term-nation of the
         Employee's employment with the Company.

                  (e) Certain Representations of the Employee. In connection
         with the foregoing provisions of this Section 8, the Employee
         represents that his experience, capabilities and circumstances are such
         that such provisions will not prevent him from earning a livelihood.
         The Employee further agrees that the limitations set forth in this
         Section 8 (including, without limitation, time and territorial
         limitations) are reasonable and properly required for the adequate
         protection of the current and future businesses of the Company and its
         subsidiaries. It is understood and agreed that the covenants made by
         the Employee in this Section 8 (and in Section 5 hereof) shall survive
         the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

                  (f) Injunctive Relief. The Employee acknowledges and agrees
         that a remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of the
         provisions of Section 8 hereof would be inadequate and, therefore,
         agrees that the Company and any of its subsidiaries shall be entitled
         to injunctive relief in addition to any other available rights and
         remedies in cases of any such breach or threatened breach (and the
         Employee hereby waives any requirement that the Company or any such
         subsidiary provide a bond or other security in connection with the
         issuance of any such injunction); provided, however, that nothing
         contained herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or any
         of its subsidiaries from pursuing any other rights and remedies
         available for any such breach or threatened breach.

                  9. Binding Effect. Without limiting or diminishing the effect
         of the provisions affecting assignment of this Agreement, this
         Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties
         hereto and their respective heirs, successors, legal representatives
         and assigns.



                                                                               7
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 8

                  10. Notices. All notices that are required or may be given
         pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
         be sufficient in all respects if given in writing and (i) delivered
         personally, (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt
         requested and postage prepaid, (iii) sent via a nationally recognized
         overnight courier or (iv) sent via facsimile confirmed in writing to
         the recipient, if to the Company at the Company's principal place of
         business, and if to the Employee, at his home address most recently
         filed with the Company, or to such other address or addresses as either
         party shall have designated in writing to the other party hereto,
         provided, however, that any notice sent by certified or registered mail
         shall be deemed delivered on the date of delivery as evidenced by the
         return receipt.

                  11. Law Governing. This Agreement shall be governed by and
         construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

                  12. Severability. The Employee agrees that in the event that
         any court of competent jurisdiction shall finally hold that any
         provision of Section 5 or 8 hereof is void or constitutes an
         unreasonable restriction against the Employee, the provisions of such
         Section 5 or 8 shall not be rendered void but shall apply with respect
         to such extent as such court may judicially determine constitutes a
         reasonable restriction under the circumstances. If any part of this
         Agreement other than Section 5 or 8 is held by a court of competent
         jurisdiction to be invalid-id, illegible or incapable of being enforced
         in whole or in part by reason of any rule of law or public policy, such
         part shall be deemed to be severed from the remainder of this Agreement
         for the purpose only of the particular legal proceedings in question
         and all other covenants and provisions of this Agreement shall in every
         other respect continue in full force and effect and no covenant or
         provision shall be deemed dependent upon any other covenant or
         provision.

                  13. Waiver. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any
         of the terms, covenants or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a
         waiver of such term, covenant or condition, nor shall any waiver or
         relinquishment of any right or power hereunder at any one or more times
         be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any
         other time or times.

                  14. Arbitration. With the exception of any dispute regarding
         the Employee's compliance with the provisions of Sections 5 and 8
         above, any dispute relating to or arising out of the provisions of this
         Agreement shall be decided by arbitration in New York, New York, in
         accordance with the Expedited Arbitration Rules of the American
         Arbitration Association then obtaining, unless the parties mutually
         agree otherwise in a writing signed by both parties. This undertaking
         to arbitrate shall be specifically enforceable. The decision rendered
         by the arbitrator will be final and judgment may be entered upon it in
         accordance with appropriate laws in any court having jurisdiction
         thereof. Each of the parties shall pay his or its own legal fees
         associated with such arbitration.



                                                                               8
<PAGE>
William C. Lucia Agreement                                                Page 9

                  15. Entire Agreement; Modifications. This Agreement
         constitutes the entire and final expression of the agreement of the
         parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
         prior agreements, oral and written, between the parties hereto with
         respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be modified or
         amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto.

                  16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
         more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
         of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.


                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Employee have duly
executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written.


AGREED AND ACCEPTED TO:                   HEALTH MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS




/s/ William C. Lucia                      /s/ William F. Miller, III
-----------------------------             -------------------------------
William C Lucia                           William F. Miller


January 17, 2003                          January 17, 2003
----------------                          ----------------
Date                                      Date

                                                                               9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
