<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex1022_20fa.txt
<TEXT>
August 3, 2001

Everbloom Health Food Pte Ltd
12 Science Park Drive #04-01
The Mendel Singapore Science Park 1
Singapore 118225

Attn:    Mr. Tan Kok Kheng
         Managing Director

Dear Sirs:

BANKING FACILITIES

We are pleased to advise that Southern Bank Berhad (the "Bank") has approved the
following facilities for your Company,s use, subject to the terms and conditions
stated herein:

1.       Facilities



 a. S$350,000 / -          - for overdraft in current account, payable on
                             demand.



b. s$150,000 / -           - for issuance of irrevocable Letters of Credit,
                             covering the import of raw materials and/or any
                             other goods acceptable to the Bank into Singapore
                             and/or for Trust Receipts up to 90 days; tenor
                             and/or for Transport Documents Guarantee
                             covering the release of the merchandise imported
                             under the above Letters of Credit.

   Total: S$500,000 / -


<PAGE>

2.       Interest Rates

         Overdraft            -    1.25% per annum above the Bank's Prime rate

         Trust Receipts       -    1.00% per annum above the Bank's Prime rate

or such other rate(s) as we may determine from time to time. Interest for
Overdraft shall be calculated on a daily basis with monthly rates and will be
debited to your account and payable on a monthly basis. Interest for Trust
Receipts shall be calculated on a daily basis.

Our current Prime rate is 6.50% per annum.

3.       Purpose of Banking Facilities

         The Banking Facilities are extended for your working capital
requirements.

4.       Securities

         The above facilities together with all monies and liabilities which may
be owing to Southern Bank Berhad from time to time shall be secured by the
followings: -

a.       a pledge of fixed deposit(s) and/or foreign currency deposit(s)
         totalling at least S$300,000 / - or its equivalent in foreign currency)
         to us with interest to be capitalised; and
b.       a Deed of Guarantee to be signed by Messrs Lim Eugene and Tan Kok Kheng
         jointly and severally in their personal capacity.

5.       You are required to provide your Company's management accounts to us on
         a quarterly basis.

6.       Your account is to be conducted actively within the approved limit.
<PAGE>

7.       Bills and Trust Receipts are to be settled promptly.

8.       For Trade Finance Facilities, the Bank may at its absolute discretion,
         allow third party Letters of Credit to be issued on behalf of your
         related companies, subject to satisfactory completion of the Bank's
         standard documentation.

9.       All legal costs (both party and party and between solicitor and
         client), withholding taxes and Goods & Services taxes or other fees
         charges and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the
         Banking Facilities shall be borne by you. Such expenses shall also be
         payable even if the said Facilities are aborted.

10.      You shall covenant not to create or permit to exist any lien on any
         assets of the Company without first obtaining the consent of the Bank
         in writing.

11.      You shall pay to the Bank a cancellation fee of 0.25% flat (payable on
         cancellation) on any part/amount of the Banking Facilities cancelled by
         you or which is deemed by the Bank to have been cancelled.

12.      Without prejudice to our rights, the Bank may at any time at its
         absolute discretion (and without assigning any reason therefor) without
         prior notice to you, suspend, vary or cancel the Banking Facilities
         whereupon the Banking Facilities shall be suspended / varied /
         terminated with immediate effect thereon.

13.      Your Company shall submit to us its audited Balance Sheet and Profit
         and Loss Statement every year and within six (6) months from your last
         financial year-end.

14.      The Bank is at liberty to divulge, disclose, reveal and forward
         information relating to your banking accounts to our Head Office or
         branch offices at their requests, at any time without prior notice to
         or consent from you and without being liable to you in any manner
         whatsoever.

15.      The Banking Facilities shall be available to you only on completion of
         the security documentation and /or with our consent to utilize the
         facilities.
<PAGE>

16.      We reserve the right to review the Banking Facilities from time to time
         at our absolute discretion.

17.      Attached hereto is a copy of our Standard Terms and Conditions Govering
         Banking and Credit Facilities, which shall from an integral part of
         this letter and is incorporated by reference herein.

If the terms and conditions are acceptable to you, please indicate your
acceptance by signing and returning the duplicate copy of this letter to us,
within the validity period of this offer which is fourteen (14) days from date
hereof, together with:

a.       a certified true copy of your Directors' Resolution accepting the same
         under all the above terms and conditions contained herein.

b.       the enclosed Deed of Grarantee and Charge of Fixed Deposit (First
         Party) duly executed; and

c.       photocopies of the guarantors' identity cards.


Yours faithfully
for Southern Bank Berhad


      /s/ Soon Chee Siong                      /s/ Chua Yeow Wan
      ------------------------              ------------------------------------
      Soon Chee Siong                          Chua Yeow Wan
      Manager                                  Account Manager
      Risk Management Dept                     Credit & Marketing Dept

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
