<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>v88645exv10w40.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.40
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.40


                       WH HOLDINGS (CAYMAN ISLANDS) LTD.

                               STOCK OPTION PLAN

            1.    Purpose of Plan.

            The WH Holdings (Cayman Islands) Ltd. Stock Option Plan (the "Plan")
is designed:

            (a)   to promote the long term financial interests and growth of WH
      Holdings (Cayman Islands) Ltd. (the "Company") and its affiliates by
      attracting and retaining employees with the training, experience and
      ability to enable them to make a substantial contribution to the success
      of the business of the Company and its affiliates;

            (b)   to motivate employees by means of growth-related incentives to
      achieve long range goals;

            (c)   to further the alignment of interests of participants with
      those of the equityholders of the Company through opportunities for
      increased ownership in the Company; and

            (d)   to be a written compensatory benefit plan within the meaning
      of Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act.

            2.    Definitions.

            As used in the Plan, the following words will have the following
meanings:

            (a)   "Affiliate" means, with respect to the Company, any
      corporation directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under
      common control with, the Company or any other entity designated by the
      Committee in which the Company or an Affiliate has an interest.

            (b)   "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (c)   "Change of Control" means an Organic Transaction as defined in
      the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the
      Company.

            (d)   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
<PAGE>
            (e)   "Committee" means one or more committees each comprised of not
      less than three members of the Board appointed by the Board to administer
      the Plan or a specified portion thereof; provided, however, that if, at
      any time, there will be only one director serving on the Board, the
      Committee may be composed of the sole director. Unless otherwise
      determined by the Board, if the Common Shares become registered under
      Section 12 of the Exchange Act and if the Committee is authorized to grant
      Options subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, each member of the
      Committee will be a "non-employee director" within the meaning of
      applicable Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.

            (f)   "Common Shares" means the common shares, par value $0.001 per
      share, of the Company.

            (g)   "Employee" means a person, including an officer, in the
      regular full-time employment of the Company or one of its Affiliates who,
      in the opinion of the Committee, is, or is expected to be, primarily
      responsible for the management, growth or protection of some part or all
      of the business of the Company.

            (h)   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
      amended.

            (i)   "Exercise Price" means the price at which a Participant may
      purchase a Common Share, as provided in the Option Agreement.

            (j)   "Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of a Share as
      of a particular date. If at any such time such Shares are not listed or
      admitted for trading on any national securities exchange or quoted on
      NASDAQ or a similar service, the Fair Market Value for such Shares means
      the fair market value of such Shares at such time as determined in good
      faith by the Committee. However, subsequent to an Initial Public Offering,
      the Fair Market Value of a Common Share will be the average of high bid
      and low asked prices of Common Shares as reported on the exchange on which
      it is listed as of such date, or if no such quotation is made on such
      date, the immediately preceding day on which there were quotations as
      reported in The Wall Street Journal.

            (k)   "Grant" means an award made to a Participant pursuant to the
      Plan and described in Paragraph 5.

            (l)   "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option which satisfies all
      of the applicable requirements of Code Section 422.


                                       2
<PAGE>
            (m)   "Initial Public Offering" means the underwritten public
      offering by the Company of its Common Shares pursuant to a registration
      statement (other than a registration statement relating solely to an
      employee benefit plan or transaction covered by Rule 145 of the Securities
      Act) that has been filed under the Securities Act and declared effective
      by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other Federal agency at
      the time administering the Securities Act.

            (n)   "Non-Statutory Stock Option" means an Option which does not
      satisfy all of the applicable requirements of Code Section 422 or which by
      its terms is not intended to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option.

            (o)   "Option" means an option to purchase Common Shares.

            (p)   "Option Agreement" means an agreement between the Company and
      a Participant that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations
      applicable to a Grant.

            (q)   "Optionee" means an individual who holds an Option.

            (r)   "Participant" means an Employee of the Company or one of its
      Affiliates, to whom one or more Grants have been made and such Grants have
      not all been forfeited or terminated under the Plan.

            (s)   "Preferred Shares" means Preferred Shares as defined in the
      Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of WH Holdings
      (Cayman Islands) Ltd. and known as the "12% Series A Cumulative
      Convertible Preferred Shares".

            (t)   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

            (u)   "Share" means a share of Common Shares.

            (v)   "Shareholders' Agreement" means the shareholders' agreement,
      dated as of July 31, 2002, by and among WH Holdings (Cayman Islands) Ltd.,
      Whitney V, L.P., Whitney Strategic Partners V, L.P., and WH Investments
      Ltd., and CCG Investments (BVI), L.P., CCG Associates-QP, LLC, CCG
      Associates-AI, LLC, CCG GP Fund LLC, CCG Investment Fund-AI, LP, CCG AV,
      LLC-Series C, CCG AV, LLC-Series E and CCG CI, LLC, and certain other
      persons who may, from time to time, become party to the agreement.

            (v)   "Subsidiary" means any entity in an unbroken chain of entities
      beginning with the Company if each of the entities, or group of commonly


                                       3
<PAGE>
      controlled entities, other than the last entity in the unbroken chain then
      owns 50% or more of the total combined voting power of the other entities
      in such chain.

            (w)   "Total Exercise Cost" means an amount equal to the Exercise
      Price multiplied by the number of Shares being purchased pursuant to the
      Option.

            3.    Administration of Plan.

            (a)   The Plan will be administered by the Committee. The Committee
      may adopt its own rules of procedure. Action of a majority of the members
      of the Committee taken at a meeting, or action taken without a meeting by
      unanimous written consent, will constitute action by the Committee. The
      Committee will have the power and authority to administer, construe and
      interpret the Plan, to make rules for carrying it out and to make changes
      to such rules.

            (b)   The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants,
      appraisers, brokers or other persons. The Committee, the Company, and the
      officers of the Company will be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions
      or valuations of any such persons. All actions taken and all
      interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith
      will be final and binding upon all Participants, the Company and all other
      interested persons. No member of the Committee will be personally liable
      for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with
      respect to the Plan or the Grants, and all members of the Committee will
      be fully protected by the Company with respect to any such action,
      determination or interpretation.

            4.    Eligibility.

            Subject to Paragraph 5(a), the Committee may from time to time make
      Grants under the Plan to such Employees of the Company or any of its
      Affiliates, and in such form and having such terms, conditions and
      limitations as the Committee may determine. Prior to participation in the
      Plan, the Committee may require any Participant to execute a Release and
      Waiver to Rights to payments and benefits under certain plans of Herbalife
      International, Inc. Grants may be made singly, in combination or in
      tandem. The terms, conditions and limitations of each Grant under the Plan
      will be set forth in an Option Agreement, in a form or forms approved by
      the Committee; provided, however, that such Option Agreement will contain
      provisions dealing with the treatment of Grants in the event of the
      termination, death or disability of a Participant, and may also include
      provisions concerning the treatment of Grants in the event of a Change of
      Control of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Incentive Stock
      Options may only be granted to Employees.


                                       4
<PAGE>
            5.    Grants.

            (a)   The Committee may grant Incentive Stock Options only to
      Employees of the Company or any "subsidiary corporation" within the
      meaning of Code Section 424(f). The Plan provides for grants only to
      Employees for both Incentive Stock Options and Non-Statutory Stock
      Options.

            (b)   At the time of the Grant, the Committee will determine, and
      will include in the Option Agreement or other Plan rules, the Option
      exercise price and such other conditions and restrictions on the grant or
      exercise of the Option as the Committee deems appropriate.

            (c)   In addition to any other restrictions contained in the Plan,
      an Option granted under the Plan may not be exercised more than 10 years
      after the date it is granted. An Incentive Stock Option may not have an
      exercise price of less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on
      the date the Option is granted.

            (d)   If the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined on the date the
      Option is granted) of a Share subject to an Incentive Stock Option which
      is exercisable for the first time during any calendar year exceeds
      $100,000, then the portion of the Incentive Stock Option in excess of the
      $100,000 limitation will be treated as a Non-Statutory Stock Option. If an
      Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Participant who, at the time the
      Option is granted, is deemed to own more than 10% of the total combined
      voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any "subsidiary
      corporation" of the Company (as more fully described in Code Section
      422(b)(6)), then (i) the exercise price of the Option may not be less than
      110% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the date the Option
      is granted, and (ii) such Option may not be exercisable after the
      expiration of five years from the date the Option is granted.

            (d)   Payment of the Option price will be made in cash or, if
      subsequent to an Initial Public Offering, through the delivery of
      irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to the Company an
      amount equal to the Option price, in accordance with the terms of the
      Plan, the Option Agreement and of any applicable guidelines of the
      Committee in effect at the time, and subject to increase for any
      applicable withholding requirements.

            6.    Limitations and Conditions.

            (a)   The total number of Shares available for Grants under the Plan
      will be 18,717,546, reduced by any Shares granted under the WH Holdings
      (Cayman


                                       5
<PAGE>
      Islands) Ltd. Executive Officer Stock Option Plan, subject to adjustment
      in accordance with Paragraphs 7 or 8 hereof. If an Option expires, is
      canceled, forfeited or otherwise terminated without being exercised or
      settled, the Shares allocable to the unexercised portion of such Option
      shall remain available for grant under the Plan. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, in no event shall the aggregate number of Shares to be issued
      hereunder in any rolling twelve month period exceed the number of Shares
      that the Company is permitted to issue pursuant to the exemption from
      registration provided by Rule 701 of the Securities Act.

            (b)   No Grants will be made under the Plan more than 10 years after
      the date the Plan is adopted by the Board or is approved by the
      shareholders of the Company, whichever is earlier, but the terms of Grants
      made on or before the expiration of the Plan may extend beyond such
      expiration. At the time a Grant is made or amended or the terms or
      conditions of a Grant are changed, the Committee may provide for
      limitations or conditions on such Grant.

            (c)   Nothing contained herein will affect the right of the Company
      to terminate any Participant's employment or services at any time or for
      any reason.

            (d)   Other than as specifically provided with regard to the death
      of a Participant or as hereinafter provided, no benefit under the Plan
      will be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
      assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, and any attempt to do so will
      be void. No such benefit will, prior to receipt thereof by the
      Participant, be in any manner liable for or subject to the debts,
      contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of the Participant.

            (e)   Participants will not be, and will not have any of the rights
      or privileges of, equityholders of the Company in respect of any Shares
      purchasable in connection with any Grant unless and until certificates
      representing any such Shares have been issued by the Company to such
      Participants. Prior to an Initial Public Offering, each Participant will
      be required to enter into the Shareholders' Agreement with the Company, or
      execute a joinder to the Shareholders' Agreement in a form provided by the
      Company, upon the exercise of any Option under the Plan.

            (f)   No election as to benefits or exercise of Options, or other
      rights may be made during a Participant's lifetime by anyone other than
      the Participant except by a legal representative appointed for or by the
      Participant.

            (g)   Absent express provisions to the contrary, any Grant under the
      Plan will not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits or


                                       6
<PAGE>
      contributions under any retirement plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries
      and will not affect any benefits under any other benefit plan of any kind
      now or subsequently in effect under which the availability or amount of
      benefits is related to level of compensation. The Plan is not an "employee
      benefit plan" under Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
      Security Act of 1974, as amended.

            (h)   Unless the Committee determines otherwise, no benefit or
      promise under the Plan will be secured by any specific assets of the
      Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor will any assets of the Company or
      any of its Subsidiaries be designated as attributable or allocated to the
      satisfaction of the Company's obligations under the Plan.

            7.    Adjustments.

            In the event of any change in the outstanding Shares by reason of an
acquisition, spin-off or reclassification, recapitalization or merger,
combination or exchange of Shares or other corporate exchange, Change of Control
or similar event, or as required under any Option Agreement, the Committee may
adjust appropriately the number or kind of Shares or securities subject to the
Plan and available for or covered by Grants and Option prices related to
outstanding Grants and make such other revisions to outstanding Grants as it
deems are equitably required. Any such adjustments for Incentive Stock Options
must meet the requirements of Code Section 424(a).

            8.    Merger, Consolidation, Exchange, Acquisition, Liquidation or
Dissolution.

            In its absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it
deems appropriate, coincident with or after the grant of any Option, the
Committee may provide, with respect to the merger or consolidation of the
Company into another corporation, the exchange of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company for the securities of another corporation, a Change of
Control or the recapitalization, reclassification, liquidation or dissolution of
the Company, either (a) that such Option cannot be exercised after such event,
in which case the Committee may also provide (but will be under no obligation to
provide), either by the terms of such Option or by a resolution adopted prior to
the occurrence of such event, that for some period of time prior to such event,
such Option will be exercisable as to all Shares subject thereto which are
exercisable, or, by virtue of the event, become exercisable, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein (but subject to the provisions of Paragraph
6(b)) or that the Option will be repurchased by the Company at a specific price
and that, upon the occurrence of such event, such Option will terminate and be
of no further force or effect, or (b) that even if the Option will remain
exercisable after such event, from and after such event, any such Option will be


                                       7
<PAGE>
exercisable only for the kind and amount of securities and/or other property, or
the cash equivalent thereof, receivable as a result of such event by the holder
of a number of Shares for which such Option could have been exercised
immediately prior to such event, or that the Option will be repurchased by the
Company at a specific price.

            In addition, in the event of a Change of Control, the Committee may,
in its absolute discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems
appropriate, provide, either by the terms of such Option or by a resolution
adopted prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, that such Option will
be exercisable as to all or any portion of the Shares subject thereto,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (but subject to the provisions
of Paragraph 6(b)).

            9.    Securities Law Requirements.

            (a)   Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance
      and delivery of the Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable
      requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act,
      the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws
      and regulations and the regulations of any stock exchange or other
      securities markets on which the Company's securities may then be traded.

            (b)   The Company each year shall furnish to Optionees and
      shareholders who have received Shares under the Plan its balance sheet and
      income statement, if required to do so pursuant to Rule 701 of the
      Securities Act unless such Optionees or shareholders are key Employees
      whose duties with the Company assure them access to equivalent
      information. Such balance sheet and income statement need not be audited.

            10.   Amendment and Termination.

            The Board will have the authority to make such amendments to any
terms and conditions applicable to outstanding Grants as are consistent with the
Plan provided that, except for adjustments under Paragraph 7 or 8, no such
action will modify such Grant in a manner adverse to the Participant without the
Participant's consent except as such modification is provided for or
contemplated in the terms of the Grant.

            The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan except that no
such action, other than an action under Paragraph 7 or 8, may be taken which
would, without shareholder approval (but only if such approval is necessary for
exemption under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or to meet the applicable
requirements of Code Section 422), increase the aggregate number of Shares
available for Grants under the Plan, change the


                                       8
<PAGE>
eligible class of individuals, decrease the price of outstanding Options, change
the requirements relating to the Committee or extend the term of the Plan.

            11.   Withholding Taxes.

            The Company will have the right to deduct from any cash payment made
under the Plan any federal, state or local income or other taxes required by law
to be withheld with respect to such payment. The Participant must pay to the
Company such amount as may be requested by the Company for the purpose of
satisfying any liability for such withholding taxes before the obligation of the
Company to deliver certificates for the Shares upon the exercise of an Option
arises. Any Option Agreement may provide that the Participant may elect, in
accordance with any conditions set forth in such Option Agreement, to pay a
portion or all of such withholding taxes in Shares.

            12.   Governing Law.

            The Plan will be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to the
conflicts of laws principles thereof.

            13.   Non-U.S. Persons. Without amending the Plan, the Committee may
grant Options to eligible employees who are foreign nationals on such terms and
conditions different from those specified in this Plan as may in the judgment of
the Committee be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the
purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may
make such modifications, amendments, procedures, subplans and the like as may be
necessary or advisable to comply with provisions of laws in other countries in
which the Company or its Affiliates operates or has employees.

            14.   Effective Date and Termination Date.

            The Plan will be effective on July 31, 2002 and will terminate on
July 31, 2012, subject to earlier termination pursuant to Paragraph 10.


                                       9
<PAGE>
                                   APPENDIX A

                      PROVISIONS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

      The following sections shall supplement the sections set forth in the
Plan, in the event of a conflict and shall supercede the applicable provision:

            15.   Miscellaneous.

            (a)   Compliance with Securities Laws; Listing and Registration.
      This Plan is intended to comply with Section 25102(o) of the California
      Corporations Code. Any provision of this Plan which is inconsistent with
      Section 25102(o), including without limitation any provision of this Plan
      that is more restrictive than would be permitted by Section 25102(o) as
      amended from time to time, shall, without further act or amendment by the
      Board or the Committee, be reformed to comply with the requirements of
      Section 25102(o). If at any time the by the Board or the Committee
      determines that the delivery of Shares under the Plan is or may be
      unlawful under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, or federal or
      state securities laws, the right to exercise an Option or receive shares
      of Shares pursuant to an Option shall be suspended until the Board or the
      Committee determines that such delivery is lawful. The Company shall have
      no obligation to effect any registration or qualification of the Shares
      under federal or state laws.

            The Company may require that a Optionee, as a condition to exercise
      of an Option, and as a condition to the delivery of any share certificate,
      make such written representations (including representations to the effect
      that such person will not dispose of the Shares so acquired in violation
      of federal or state securities laws) and furnish such information as may,
      in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be appropriate to permit the
      Company to issue the Shares in compliance with applicable federal and
      state securities laws. The certificates for any Shares issued pursuant to
      this Plan may bear a legend restricting transferability of the Shares
      unless such Shares are registered or an exemption from registration is
      available under the Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state securities
      laws.

            (b)   Financial Statements. The Company will provide financial
      statements to each Option recipient annually during the period such
      individual has Options outstanding, or as otherwise required under Section
      260.140.46 of Title10 of the California Code of Regulations.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not be required to provide
      such financial statements to Option recipients when issuance is limited to
      key employees whose services in connection with the Company assure them
      access to equivalent information.


                                       10
<PAGE>
            (c)   Voting Rights. The Company will comply with Section 260.140.1
      of Title10 of the California Code of Regulations with respect to the
      voting rights of Stock.

            (d)   Company's Repurchase Option. At the discretion of the by the
      Board or the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its
      assignee(s) in the Option Agreement a right to repurchase shares held by
      an Optionee following such Optionee's termination at any time within
      ninety (90) days after such Optionee's termination date (or in the case of
      securities issued upon exercise of an option after the termination date,
      within ninety (90) days after the date of such exercise) for cash and/or
      cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at: (A) with respect to
      vested shares, the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the Optionee's
      termination date, provided, that such right to repurchase vested shares
      terminates following an initial public offering; or (B) with respect to
      unvested shares, the Optionee's exercise price, provided, that to the
      extent the Optionee is not an officer, director or consultant of the
      Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company such right to
      repurchase unvested shares at the exercise price lapses at the rate of at
      least twenty percent (20%) per year over five (5) years from the date of
      grant of the option.

            (e)   Number of Shares. At no time shall the total number of Shares
      issuable upon exercise of all outstanding options and the total number of
      Shares provided for under any stock bonus or similar plan of the Company
      exceed the applicable percentage calculated in accordance with 260.140.45
      of Title 10 of the California Code of Regulations.

            (f)   Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of a Non-Statutory Option
      shall not be less than 85% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date
      of grant. Subject to the preceding sentence, the Exercise Price under any
      Option shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. If a
      Non-Statutory Stock Option is granted to a Participant who, at the time
      the Option is granted, is deemed to own more than 10% of the total
      combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any
      "subsidiary corporation" of the Company (as more fully described in Code
      Section 422(b)(6)), then the Exercise Price of the Option may not be less
      than 110% of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date the Option is
      granted.


                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
