<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>e90785_ex99-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MORTGAGE LOAN SALE & ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                                                                  EXECUTION COPY


================================================================================



                            LEHMAN BROTHERS BANK FSB,

                                     SELLER

                                       and

                   STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CORPORATION,

                                    PURCHASER

                 MORTGAGE LOAN SALE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

                          Dated as of December 1, 2002

                   Structured Asset Securities Corporation
            (Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2002-27A)






==============================================================================




<PAGE>





                                Table of Contents

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----
ARTICLE I      CONVEYANCE OF MORTGAGE LOANS..................................6

      Section 1.01.  Sale of Mortgage Loans..................................6

      Section 1.02.  Delivery of Documents...................................7

      Section 1.03.  Review of Documentation.................................7

      Section 1.04.  Representations and Warranties of the Bank..............7

      Section 1.05.  Grant Clause...........................................18

      Section 1.06.  Assignment by Depositor................................18

ARTICLE II     MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.....................................19

      Section 2.01.  Binding Nature of Agreement; Assignment................19

      Section 2.02.  Entire Agreement.......................................19

      Section 2.03.  Amendment..............................................19

      Section 2.04.  Governing Law..........................................20

      Section 2.05.  Severability of Provisions.............................20

      Section 2.06.  Indulgences; No Waivers................................20

      Section 2.07.  Headings Not to Affect Interpretation..................20

      Section 2.08.  Benefits of Agreement..................................20

      Section 2.09.  Counterparts...........................................20

                                    SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE A  Mortgage Loan Schedule


<PAGE>




     This MORTGAGE LOAN SALE AND ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 1,
2002 (the "Agreement"), is executed by and between Lehman Brothers Bank FSB (the
"Bank") and Structured Asset Securities Corporation (the "Depositor").

     All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meanings
assigned to such terms in that certain Trust Agreement (the "Trust Agreement"),
dated as of December 1, 2002, among the Depositor, Aurora Loan Services Inc., as
master servicer (the "Master Servicer") and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as trustee (the
"Trustee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the following specified agreements (each a "Transfer
Agreement," and together the "Transfer Agreements"), the Bank has purchased or
received certain mortgage loans identified on the Mortgage Loan Schedule
attached hereto as Schedule A (the "Mortgage Loans"):

     1.   Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 31, 1999, by and
          between the Bank and Aurora Loan Services, Inc. ("Aurora" or a
          "Transferor);

     2.   Mortgage Loan Flow Purchase Sale & Servicing Agreement, dated as of
          February 1, 2002, by and among the Bank, Cendant Mortgage Corporation
          ("CMC" or a "Transferor") and Bishop's Gate Residential Mortgage Trust
          (formerly known as Cendant Residential Mortgage Trust);

     3.   Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2002, by and between
          the Bank and Market Street Mortgage Corporation;

     4.   Flow Purchase and Warranties Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2001, by
          and between the Bank and Pinnacle Direct Funding Corp. (a
          "Transferor")

     5.   Form of Loan Purchase Agreement (Bulk Purchase/Servicing Released
          Transactions) dated September 26, 2002 by and between Lehman Brothers
          Bank, FSB and SCME Mortgage Bankers Inc.;

     6.   Form of Loan Purchase Agreement (Bulk Purchase/Servicing Released
          Transactions) dated September 16, 2002 by and between Lehman Brothers
          Bank, FSB and Southstar Funding LLC; and

     7.   Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2002, by and between the
          Bank and Transnational Financial Corp. (a "Transferor").

      WHEREAS, the Bank is a party to the Servicing Agreement, dated as of
December 1, 2002, between the Bank, Lehman Capital, A Division of Lehman
Brothers Holdings Inc. and Aurora ("Servicing Agreement") pursuant to which the
Mortgage Loans are serviced by Aurora (the "Servicer").

      WHEREAS, the Bank desires to sell, without recourse, all of its rights,
title and interest in the Mortgage Loans (exclusive of any Retained Interest on
such Mortgage Loans) to the

<PAGE>


Depositor, to assign all of its rights and interest under the Transfer
Agreements and the Servicing Agreement, and to delegate all of its obligations
thereunder, to the Depositor; and

      WHEREAS, the Bank and the Depositor acknowledge and agree that the
Depositor will assign all of its rights and delegate all of its obligations
hereunder to the Trustee, and that each reference herein to the Depositor is
intended, unless otherwise specified, to mean the Depositor or the Trustee, as
assignee, whichever is the owner of the Mortgage Loans from time to time.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein set
forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Bank and the Depositor agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                          CONVEYANCE OF MORTGAGE LOANS

     1. SALE OF MORTGAGE LOANS. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the Bank does hereby transfer, assign, set over, deposit with
and otherwise convey to the Depositor, without recourse, subject to Sections
1.03 and 1.04, all the right, title and interest of the Bank in and to the
Mortgage Loans (exclusive of any Retained Interest on such Mortgage Loans)
identified on Schedule A hereto, having an aggregate principal balance as of the
Cut-off Date of $554,731,458.55. Such conveyance includes, without limitation,
the right to all distributions of principal and interest received on or with
respect to the Mortgage Loans on or after December 1, 2002 other than, (i) any
amounts representing Retained Interest, if any, and (ii) payments of principal
and interest due on or before such date, and all such payments due after such
date but received prior to such date and intended by the related Mortgagors to
be applied after such date, together with all of the Bank's right, title and
interest in and to each related account and all amounts from time to time
credited to and the proceeds of such account, any REO Property and the proceeds
thereof, the Bank's rights under any Insurance Policies related to the Mortgage
Loans, and the Bank's security interest in any collateral pledged to secure the
Mortgage Loans, including the Mortgaged Properties and any Additional
Collateral.

     Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Bank
hereby assigns to the Depositor all of its rights and interest under the
Transfer Agreements and the Servicing Agreements, other than (i) any right to
receive Retained Interest, if any, and (ii) any servicing rights retained
pursuant to the provisions of such Transfer Agreements and Servicing Agreements,
to the extent relating to the Mortgage Loans. Concurrently with the execution
hereof, the Depositor tenders the purchase price of $554,731,458.55. The
Depositor hereby accepts such assignment, and shall be entitled to exercise all
such rights of the Bank under the Transfer Agreements and the Servicing
Agreements, as if the Depositor had been a party to each such agreement.

     2. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS. In connection with such transfer and assignment
of the Mortgage Loans hereunder, the Bank does hereby deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Depositor (or its designee) the documents or instruments with
respect to each Mortgage Loan

<PAGE>


(each a "Mortgage File") so transferred and assigned, as specified in the
Transfer Agreements or Servicing Agreements.

     (a) For Mortgage Loans (if any) that have been prepaid in full after the
Cut-off Date and prior to the Closing Date, the Bank, in lieu of delivering the
related Mortgage Files, herewith delivers to the Depositor an Officer's
Certificate which shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts
received in connection with such prepayment that are required to be deposited in
the account maintained by the Servicer for such purpose have been so deposited.

     3. REVIEW OF DOCUMENTATION. The Depositor, by execution and delivery
hereof, acknowledges receipt of the Mortgage Files pertaining to the Mortgage
Loans listed on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, subject to review thereof by a
custodian, LaSalle Bank National Association and U.S. Bank, National Association
(each, a "Custodian") for the applicable Mortgage Loans for the Depositor. The
Custodian is required to review, within 45 days following the Closing Date, each
applicable Mortgage File. If in the course of such review the Custodian
identifies any Material Defect, the Bank shall be obligated to cure such defect
or to repurchase the related Mortgage Loan from the Depositor (or, at the
direction of and on behalf of the Depositor, from the Trust Fund), or to
substitute a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan therefor, in each case to the
same extent and in the same manner as the Depositor is obligated to the Trustee
and the Trust Fund under Section 2.02(c) of the Trust Agreement.

     4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BANK.

     (a) The Bank hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor that as of the
date hereof that:

          (i) The Bank is a federally chartered savings institution duly
     organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws governing
     its creation and existence and has full corporate power and authority to
     own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted, and to
     enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement;

          (ii) The execution and delivery by the Bank of this Agreement have
     been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
     Bank; neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the
     consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with
     the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or
     constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental
     rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Bank or its
     properties or the federal stock charter or bylaws of the Bank;

          (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by the Bank of this
     Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
     not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the
     registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any
     state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except such as
     has been obtained, given, effected or taken prior to the date hereof;


<PAGE>

          (iv) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Bank
     and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Depositor,
     constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Bank enforceable against
     it in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be
     subject to (A) applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar
     laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally and (B)
     general principles of equity regardless of whether such enforcement is
     considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; and

          (v) There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the
     knowledge of the Bank, threatened or likely to be asserted against or
     affecting the Bank, before or by any court, administrative agency,
     arbitrator or governmental body (A) with respect to any of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement or (B) with respect to any other matter
     which in the judgment of the Bank will be determined adversely to the Bank
     and will if determined adversely to the Bank materially and adversely
     affect it or its business, assets, operations or condition, financial or
     otherwise, or adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under
     this Agreement.

     (b) The representations and warranties of the Transferor with respect to
the Mortgage Loans in the applicable Transfer Agreement were made as of the date
of such Transfer Agreement. To the extent that any fact, condition or event with
respect to a Mortgage Loan constitutes a breach of both (i) a representation or
warranty of the Transferor under the Transfer Agreement and (ii) a
representation or warranty of the Bank under this Agreement, the only right or
remedy of the Depositor shall be the right to enforce the obligations of the
Transferor under any applicable representation or warranty made by it. The
Depositor acknowledges and agrees that the representations and warranties of the
Bank in this Section 1.04(b) are applicable only to facts, conditions or events
that do not constitute a breach of any representation or warranty made by the
Transferor in such Transfer Agreement. The Bank shall have no obligation or
liability with respect to any breach of a representation or warranty made by it
with respect to the Mortgage Loans if the fact, condition or event constituting
such breach also constitutes a breach of a representation or warranty made by
the Transferor in such Transfer Agreement, without regard to whether the
Transferor fulfills its contractual obligations in respect of such
representation or warranty; provided, however, that if the Transferor fulfills
its obligations under the provisions of such Transfer Agreement by substituting
for the affected Mortgage Loan a mortgage loan which is not a Qualifying
Substitute Mortgage Loan, the Bank shall, in exchange for such substitute
mortgage loan, provide the Depositor (a) with the applicable Purchase Price for
the affected Mortgage Loan or (b) within the two year period following the
Closing Date, with a Qualified Substitute Mortgage Loan for such affected
Mortgage Loan. Subject to the foregoing, the Bank represents and warrants upon
delivery of the Mortgage Loans to the Depositor hereunder, as to each, that:

          (i) The information set forth with respect to the Mortgage Loans on
     the Mortgage Loan Schedule provides an accurate listing of the Mortgage
     Loans, and the information with respect to each Mortgage Loan on the
     Mortgage Loan Schedule is true and correct in all material respects at the
     date or dates respecting which such information is given;


<PAGE>

          (ii) There are no defaults (other than delinquency in payment) in
     complying with the terms of any Mortgage, and the Bank has no notice as to
     any taxes, governmental assessments, insurance premiums, water, sewer and
     municipal charges, leasehold payments or ground rents which previously
     became due and owing but which have not been paid;

          (iii) Except in the case of Cooperative Loans, each Mortgage requires
     all buildings or other improvements on the related Mortgaged Property to be
     insured by a generally acceptable insurer against loss by fire, hazards of
     extended coverage and such other hazards as are customary in the area where
     the related Mortgaged Property is located pursuant to insurance policies
     conforming to the requirements of the guidelines of FNMA or FHLMC. If upon
     origination of the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgaged Property was in an area
     identified in the Federal Register by the Federal Emergency Management
     Agency as having special flood hazards (and such flood insurance has been
     made available) a flood insurance policy meeting the requirements of the
     current guidelines of the Federal Flood Insurance Administration is in
     effect which policy conforms to the requirements of the current guidelines
     of the Federal Flood Insurance Administration. Each Mortgage obligates the
     related Mortgagor thereunder to maintain the hazard insurance policy at the
     Mortgagor's cost and expense, and on the Mortgagor's failure to do so,
     authorizes the holder of the Mortgage to obtain and maintain such insurance
     at such Mortgagor's cost and expense, and to seek reimbursement therefor
     from the Mortgagor. Where required by state law or regulation, each
     Mortgagor has been given an opportunity to choose the carrier of the
     required hazard insurance, provided the policy is not a "master" or
     "blanket" hazard insurance policy covering the common facilities of a
     planned unit development. The hazard insurance policy is the valid and
     binding obligation of the insurer, is in full force and effect, and will be
     in full force and effect and inure to the benefit of the Depositor upon the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (iv) Each Mortgage has not been satisfied, cancelled, subordinated or
     rescinded, in whole or in part, and the Mortgaged Property has not been
     released from the lien of the Mortgage, in whole or in part, nor has any
     instrument been executed that would effect any such release, cancellation,
     subordination or recision;

          (v) Each Mortgage evidences a valid, subsisting, enforceable and
     perfected first lien on the related Mortgaged Property (including all
     improvements on the Mortgaged Property). The lien of the Mortgage is
     subject only to: (1) liens of current real property taxes and assessments
     not yet due and payable and, if the related Mortgaged Property is a
     condominium unit, any lien for common charges permitted by statute, (2)
     covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of way, easements and other
     matters of public record as of the date of recording of such Mortgage
     acceptable to mortgage lending institutions in the area in which the
     related Mortgaged Property is located and specifically referred to in the
     lender's Title Insurance Policy or attorney's opinion of title and abstract
     of title delivered to the originator of such Mortgage Loan, and (3) such
     other matters to which like properties are commonly subject which do not,
     individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the benefits of
     the security intended to be provided by the

<PAGE>


     Mortgage. Any security agreement, chattel mortgage or equivalent document
     related to, and delivered to the Trustee in connection with, a Mortgage
     Loan establishes a valid, subsisting and enforceable first lien on the
     property described therein and the Depositor has full right to sell and
     assign the same to the Trustee;

          (vi) Immediately prior to the transfer and assignment of the Mortgage
     Loans to the Depositor, the Bank was the sole owner of record and holder of
     each Mortgage Loan, and the Bank had good and marketable title thereto, and
     has full right to transfer and sell each Mortgage Loan to the Depositor
     free and clear, except as described in paragraph (v) above, of any
     encumbrance, equity, participation interest, lien, pledge, charge, claim or
     security interest, and has full right and authority, subject to no interest
     or participation of, or agreement with, any other party, to sell and assign
     each Mortgage Loan pursuant to this Agreement;

          (vii) Each Mortgage Loan other than any Cooperative Loan is covered by
     either (i) an attorney's opinion of title and abstract of title the form
     and substance of which is generally acceptable to mortgage lending
     institutions originating mortgage loans in the locality where the related
     Mortgaged Property is located or (ii) an ALTA mortgagee Title Insurance
     Policy or other generally acceptable form of policy of insurance, issued by
     a title insurer qualified to do business in the jurisdiction where the
     Mortgaged Property is located, insuring the originator of the Mortgage
     Loan, and its successors and assigns, as to the first priority lien of the
     Mortgage in the original principal amount of the Mortgage Loan (subject
     only to the exceptions described in paragraph (v) above). If the Mortgaged
     Property is a condominium unit located in a state in which a title insurer
     will generally issue an endorsement, then the related Title Insurance
     Policy contains an endorsement insuring the validity of the creation of the
     condominium form of ownership with respect to the project in which such
     unit is located. With respect to any Title Insurance Policy, the originator
     is the sole insured of such mortgagee Title Insurance Policy, such
     mortgagee Title Insurance Policy is in full force and effect and will inure
     to the benefit of the Depositor upon the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, no claims have been made under such
     mortgagee Title Insurance Policy and no prior holder of the related
     Mortgage, including the Bank, has done, by act or omission, anything that
     would impair the coverage of such mortgagee Title Insurance Policy;

          (viii) To the best of the Bank's knowledge, no foreclosure action is
     being threatened or commenced with respect to any Mortgage Loan. There is
     no proceeding pending for the total or partial condemnation of any
     Mortgaged Property (or, in the case of a Cooperative Loan, the related
     cooperative unit) and each such property is undamaged by waste, fire,
     earthquake or earth movement, windstorm, flood, tornado or other casualty,
     so as to have a material adverse effect on the value of the related
     Mortgaged Property as security for the related Mortgage Loan or the use for
     which the premises were intended;

          (ix) There are no mechanics' or similar liens or claims which have
     been filed for work, labor or material (and no rights are outstanding that
     under the law could give rise to

<PAGE>


     such liens) affecting the related Mortgaged Property which are or may be
     liens prior to, or equal or coordinate with, the lien of the related
     Mortgage;

          (x) Each Mortgage Loan was originated by a savings and loan
     association, savings bank, commercial bank, credit union, insurance
     company, or similar institution which is supervised and examined by a
     Federal or State authority, or by a mortgagee approved by the Secretary of
     Housing and Urban Development pursuant to Sections 203 and 211 of the
     National Housing Act;

          (xi) Any and all requirements of any federal, state or local law,
     including, without limitation, usury, truth-in-lending, real estate
     settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, equal credit opportunity
     or disclosure laws applicable to each Mortgage Loan have been complied
     with; and

          (xii) Each Mortgage Loan is a "qualified mortgage" within the meaning
     of Section 860G of the Code and Treas. Reg. ss.1.860G-2.

     It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 1.04(b) herein shall survive delivery of the Mortgage Files and
the Assignment of Mortgage of each Mortgage Loan to the Depositor. Upon
discovery by either the Bank or the Depositor of a breach of any of the
foregoing representations and warranties that adversely and materially affects
the value of the related Mortgage Loan, and, that does not also constitute a
breach of a representation or warranty of the Transferor in the Transfer
Agreement, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to
the other party. Within 60 days of the discovery of any such breach, the Bank
shall either (a) cure such breach in all material respects, (b) repurchase such
Mortgage Loan or any property acquired in respect thereof from the Depositor at
the applicable Purchase Price or (c) within the two year period following the
Closing Date, substitute a Qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan for the affected
Mortgage Loan.

     5. GRANT CLAUSE. It is intended that the conveyance of the Bank's right,
title and interest in and to Mortgage Loans and other property conveyed pursuant
to this Agreement shall constitute, and shall be construed as, a sale of such
property and not a grant of a security interest to secure a loan. However, if
such conveyance is deemed to be in respect of a loan, it is intended that: (1)
the rights and obligations of the parties shall be established pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement; (2) the Bank hereby grants to the Depositor a first
priority security interest in all of the Bank's right, title and interest in, to
and under, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, such Mortgage Loans and
other property; and (3) this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement
under applicable law.

     6. ASSIGNMENT BY DEPOSITOR. The Depositor shall have the right, upon notice
to but without the consent of the Bank, to assign, in whole or in part, its
interest under this Agreement with respect to the Mortgage Loans to the Trustee,
and the Trustee then shall succeed to all rights of the Depositor under this
Agreement. All references to the Depositor in this Agreement shall be deemed to
include its assignee or designee, specifically including the Trustee.


<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     1. BINDING NATURE OF AGREEMENT; ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

     2. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings,
inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature
whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof
control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade
inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

     3. AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Bank
and the Depositor, without notice to or the consent of any of the Holders, (i)
to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to cause the provisions herein to conform to or be
consistent with or in furtherance of the statements made with respect to the
Certificates, the Trust Fund, the Trust Agreement or this Agreement in any
Offering Document; or to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii) to make any other
provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement or
(iv) to add, delete, or amend any provisions to the extent necessary or
desirable to comply with any requirements imposed by the Code and the REMIC
Provisions. No such amendment effected pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding
sentence shall adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any
Holder. Any such amendment shall be deemed not to adversely affect in any
material respect any Holder, if the Trustee receives written confirmation from
each Rating Agency that such amendment will not cause such Rating Agency to
reduce the then current rating assigned to the Certificates (and any Opinion of
Counsel requested by the Trustee in connection with any such amendment may rely
expressly on such confirmation as the basis therefor).

     (a) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Bank and
the Depositor with the consent of the Holders of not less than 66-2/3% of the
Class Certificate Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of
Certificates affected thereby for the purpose of adding any provisions to or
changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or
of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that no
such amendment may (i) reduce in any manner the amount of, or delay the timing
of, payments received on Mortgage Loans which are required to be distributed on
any Certificate without the consent of the Holder of such Certificate or (ii)
reduce the aforesaid percentages of Class Principal Amount (or Percentage
Interest) of Certificates of each Class, the Holders of which are required to
consent to any such amendment without the consent of the Holders of 100% of the
Class Principal Amount (or Percentage Interest) of each Class of Certificates
affected thereby. For purposes of this paragraph, references to "Holder" or
"Holders" shall be deemed to include, in the case of any Class of Book-Entry
Certificates, the related Certificate Owners.


<PAGE>

     (b) It shall not be necessary for the consent of Holders under this Section
2.03 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, but it shall be
sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The manner of
obtaining such consents and of evidencing the authorization of the execution
thereof by Holders shall be subject to such reasonable regulations as the
Trustee may prescribe.

     4. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS WITHOUT
REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES APPLIED IN NEW YORK.

     5. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any one or more of the covenants,
agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason
whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms
shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions
or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

     6. INDULGENCES; NO WAIVERS. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part
of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further
exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor
shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any
occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege
with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is
in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

     7. HEADINGS NOT TO AFFECT INTERPRETATION. The headings contained in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they shall not be used in
the interpretation hereof.

     8. BENEFITS OF AGREEMENT. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied,
shall give to any Person, other than the parties to this Agreement and their
successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, power, remedy
or claim under this Agreement.

     9. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.


<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and the Depositor have caused their names to
be signed hereto by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date
first above written.

                                    LEHMAN BROTHERS BANK, FSB



                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Gary Taylor
                                       Title: Vice President





                                    STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES
                                       CORPORATION

                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Michael C. Hitzmann
                                       Title: Vice President




<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A

                             MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE

                             [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
