<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>form10k12312002c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10 (P)(7)
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit 10 (p)(7)

                                 SIXTH AMENDMENT
                              TO THE BLACK & DECKER
                      SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN


         Pursuant to the powers of amendment  reserved  under Section 9.1 of The
Black & Decker  Supplemental  Retirement Savings Plan (the "Plan"),  The Black &
Decker Corporation (the "Company"), hereby amends the Plan as follows, effective
for the Plan Year commencing January 1, 2003.

                                  FIRST CHANGE

               Section  6.2(b) of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as
         follows:

               (b) Timing and Manner of Payment.  In the case of distribution to
         a Participant  or his or her  Beneficiary  by virtue of an  entitlement
         pursuant to Section 5.1, an aggregate amount equal to the Participant's
         vested Account will be paid by the Company, as provided by Section 6.1,
         in a lump sum or in substantially equal annual installments, but not to
         exceed 10 years  (adjusted  for gains and  losses,  and  reduced by any
         required  withholding  or other  deductions  from  such  payments),  as
         selected by the Participant at the time the  Participant  completes his
         or her Participant Enrollment and Election Form. If a Participant fails
         to  designate  properly  the  manner of  payment  of the  Participant's
         benefit under the Plan,  such payment will be in a lump sum on or about
         the fixed  payment date or dates  selected by the  Participant,  or, if
         none,  on or  about  the  date  of  the  Participant's  termination  of
         employment with the Company and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates.

               A Participant's election with respect to the manner of payment of
         his or her  benefit  under the Plan shall  remain in effect  unless and
         until such election is modified by a subsequent  election in accordance
         with  the  requirements,  and  subject  to  the  limitations,  of  this
         paragraph.  To  constitute  a valid  election  to change  the manner of
         payment, the election must be executed by the Participant and delivered
         to the Plan  Manager (i) at least six months  before the  Participant's
         payment date (as defined in Section 5.1); and (ii) in the calendar year
         preceding the year in which the Participant's  payment date (as defined
         in Section 5.1) would occur.  The  Participant may change the manner of
         payment initially  selected on any Participant  Enrollment and Election
         Form only once, and the form selected must be one that is authorized in
         this Section  6.2(b).  A  Participant's  election to change a manner of
         payment may not result in payment being made or  commencing  before the
         payment  date (as  defined  in  Section  5.1)  then in  effect  for the
         Participant.  A  Participant  may not make or modify an  election  with
         respect to a form of payment  after the date a  Participant  terminates
         employment with the Company and all its subsidiaries and affiliates.

               If the  whole  or any  part of a  payment  hereunder  is to be in
         installments, the total to be so paid shall continue to be deemed to be
         invested  pursuant to Sections 4.1 and 4.5 under such procedures as the
         Committee may establish, in which case any deemed income, gain, loss or
         expense  attributable  thereto (as  determined  by the Committee in its
         sole and absolute  discretion)  shall be  reflected in the  installment
         payments, in such equitable manner as the Committee shall determine.

                                  SECOND CHANGE

               Section  6.4 of the Plan is  amended in its  entirety  to read as
         follows:

               6.4  CHANGE  IN  CONTROL  OF  THE  COMPANY.  Notwithstanding  any
         provision  of the  Plan  to the  contrary,  within  the  60-day  period
         beginning on the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company, each
         Participant  may  irrevocably  elect by written  notice,  signed by the
         Participant  and mailed or  hand-delivered  to the Company's  Corporate
         Secretary,  to receive a lump sum payment of the entire unpaid  balance
         of a Participant's Plan Account,  regardless of whether the Participant
         continues  his  or  her  employment  with  the  Company  or  any of its
         subsidiaries  or  affiliates  on or after the  Change in Control of the
         Company or whether the Participant had terminated his or her employment
         with the Company and all of its  subsidiaries  and affiliates  prior to
         such Change in Control of the  Company.  The lump sum payment  shall be
         made by the Company  within 5 days of the end of that  60-day  election
         period.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has  caused  this  Amendment  to be
executed by its duly authorized officers on this 12th day of December, 2002.


WITNESS/ATTEST:                  THE BLACK & DECKER CORPORATION

/s/ BARBARA B. LUCAS             By:/s/ CHARLES E. FENTON
--------------------                    ----------------------------------------
    Barbara. B. Lucas, Secretary        Charles E. Fenton, Senior Vice President



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
