<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>form10k12312002b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(P)(6)
<TEXT>
                                                                Exhibit 10(p)(6)

                                 FIFTH AMENDMENT
                              TO THE BLACK & DECKER
                      SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN


         Pursuant to the powers of amendment  reserved  under Section 9.1 of The
Black & Decker  Supplemental  Retirement Savings Plan (the "Plan"),  The Black &
Decker Corporation (the "Company"), hereby amends the Plan as follows, effective
for the Plan Year commencing January 1, 2003.

                              FIRST and ONLY CHANGE

         Section 3.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety to read as follows:

               3.2 PARTICIPANT  COMPENSATION DEFERRALS. In accordance with rules
         established  by  the  Committee,  a  Participant  may  elect  to  defer
         Compensation  which is due to be earned and which  would  otherwise  be
         paid to the Participant.  A Participant may elect to defer up to 25% of
         his base salary with no reduction of such  maximum  percentage  for the
         percentage  of  base  salary  the   Participant   has  directed  to  be
         contributed to the Savings Plan. A Participant may elect to defer up to
         100% of a bonus  payment  not yet  payable to him or her at the time of
         the election under a Designated Bonus Program reduced by the percentage
         of the bonus that the Participant has directed to be contributed to the
         Savings Plan as Before-Tax and/or After-Tax  contributions  pursuant to
         the  Participant's  Savings  Plan  election  in  effect at the time the
         Participant  makes a bonus  deferral  election  under  this Plan  after
         taking  into  account  the limit on  compensation  imposed  by Code ss.
         401(a)(17).  Amounts so deferred  will be  considered  a  Participant's
         "Compensation  Deferrals."  Ordinarily,  a  Participant  shall  make  a
         Compensation  Deferral  election  with  respect  to a coming  Plan Year
         during  the  period  beginning  on the  November  1 and  ending  on the
         November 30 of the prior Plan Year,  or during such other  period prior
         to the beginning of the coming Plan Year  established by the Committee.
         For the Plan Year beginning on the Effective Date, an Eligible Employee
         shall make all of his or her Compensation Deferral elections during the
         period beginning  December 14, 1995 and ending at the close of business
         (5:00 p.m.  eastern time) December 29, 1995. In the first year in which
         an individual becomes an Eligible Employee, any newly Eligible Employee
         may make a Compensation  Deferral  election with respect to services to
         be performed  subsequent to the election  within thirty (30) days after
         the date the individual becomes eligible.

               Compensation  Deferrals  shall be made  through  regular  payroll
         deductions  or  through an  election  by the  Participant  to defer the
         payment of a bonus payment not yet payable to him or her at the time of
         the election under a Designated  Bonus  Program.  The  Participant  may
         terminate his or her regular payroll  deduction  Compensation  Deferral
         amount as of, and by written  notice  delivered  to the  Committee,  at
         least thirty (30) days prior to the  beginning  of any regular  payroll
         period, with such termination being first effective for Compensation to
         be earned in that payroll period.  Once  terminated,  a regular payroll
         deduction   Compensation   Deferral  amount  may  not  be  subsequently
         reinstated  until the first day of the next Plan Year.  A  Compensation
         Deferral  election  shall  continue in force only for the Plan Year for
         which the election is first effective.  An Eligible Employee shall make
         a new Compensation  Deferral election  effective as of the first day of
         each Plan Year in  accordance  with the  procedures  specified  in this
         Section   3.2  for  making   Compensation   Deferral   elections.   All
         Compensation   Deferral   elections  shall  be  made  on  a  subsequent
         Participant  Enrollment  and Election Form  provided by the  Committee.
         Compensation  Deferrals  shall be  deducted  by the  Employer  from the
         Compensation  of a deferring  Participant  and shall be credited to the
         Account of the deferring Participant.

               In addition,  in accordance with rules and subject to limitations
         established by the Committee,  an Eligible  Employee may elect to defer
         the  receipt  of all or any  portion  of other  incentive  compensation
         designated by the Committee that is payable to the Eligible Employee by
         an  Employer.  Such  election  shall  be made on such  form or forms as
         determined by the Plan Manager and shall be made prior to the time such
         incentive compensation has been earned by the Eligible Employee and the
         Eligible Employee shall become a Participant upon making such election.
         Incentive compensation deferrals shall be deductible from the incentive
         compensation otherwise payable to the deferring Participant,  and shall
         be credited to the Account of the deferring Participant.

               There  shall be  established  and  maintained  by the  Employer a
         separate  Compensation Deferral Account in the name of each Participant
         to  which  shall be  credited  or  debited:  (a)  amounts  equal to the
         Participant's  Compensation  Deferrals and other incentive compensation
         deferrals;  (b) amounts equal to any deemed  earnings or losses (to the
         extent  realized,  based upon deemed fair market value of the Account's
         deemed assets, as determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute
         discretion) attributable or allocable thereto; and (c) expenses charged
         to that  Account.  A  Participant  shall at all times be 100% vested in
         amounts  credited  to  his  or her  Participant  Compensation  Deferral
         Account.


         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has  caused  this  Amendment  to be
executed by its duly authorized officers on this 17th day of October, 2002.


WITNESS/ATTEST:                 THE BLACK & DECKER CORPORATION

/s/ BARBARA B. LUCAS            By: /s/ CHARLES E. FENTON
----------------------------        --------------------------------------------
    Barbara B. Lucas, Secretary         Charles E. Fenton, Senior Vice President



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
