<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex1038.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.38

                               INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

     THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into on and as of this 20th day of
December, 2002, (the "Agreement"), is by and between BNS Co., a Delaware
corporation, (the "Company", which term shall include any one or more of its
subsidiaries where appropriate), and Michael Warren (the "Indemnitee"):

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS, highly competent persons are becoming more reluctant to serve
publicly-held corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are
provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification
against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their
service to and activities on behalf of the corporation; and,

     WHEREAS, the current impracticability of obtaining adequate insurance and
the uncertainties relating to indemnification have increased the difficulty of
attracting and retaining such persons; and,

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") has determined
that the difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to
the best interests of the Company's shareholders and that the Company should act
to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection
in the future; and,

     WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify such persons to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the
Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; and,

     WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and/or to take
on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he
be so indemnified;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants
contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as
follows:

     1. Services by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve
as an officer of the Company. This Agreement shall not impose any obligation on
the Indemnitee or the Company to continue the Indemnitee's position with the
Company beyond any period otherwise applicable.

     2. General. The Company shall indemnify and shall advance Expenses (as
herein-after defined) to Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement and to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

<PAGE>

     3. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.
Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this
Section 3 if, by reason of his Corporate Status, (as hereinafter defined), he
is, or is threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending, or
completed Proceeding (as hereinafter defined), other than a Proceeding by or in
the right of the Company. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified against expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in
connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if he
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal
Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.

     4. Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. Indemnitee shall be
entitled to the rights of indemnification provided in this Section 4, if, by
reason of his Corporate Status, he is, or is threatened to be made, a party to
any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of
the Company to procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section,
Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding if he acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
indemnification against such Expenses shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged to be liable to
the Company if such indemnification is not permitted by Delaware law; provided,
however, that indemnification against Expenses shall nevertheless be made by the
Company in such event to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware, or the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought or is
pending, shall determine.

     5. Indemnification for Expenses of a Party who is Wholly or Partly
Successful. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent
that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party to and is
successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall be
indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in
such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more
but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim,
issue or matter. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the
termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal or
withdrawal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result
as to such claim, issue or matter.

     6. Advance of Expenses. The Company shall advance all reasonable Expenses
incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within
twenty days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from
Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior
to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements
shall reasonably evidence

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or
accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any
Expenses advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not
entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses.

     7. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

     (a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit
to the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such
documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is
reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon
receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board of Directors in
writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

     (b) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to
Section 7(a) hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with
respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case:
(i) if a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) shall have occurred, by
Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) in a written opinion to the Board
of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board of
Directors or the shareholders, in which case the determination shall be made in
the manner provided below in clauses (ii) or (iii); (ii) if a Change in Control
shall not have occurred, (A) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a
quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined), or (B) if
a quorum of the Board of Directors consisting of Disinterested Directors is not
obtainable or, even if obtainable, such quorum of Disinterested Directors so
directs, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors,
a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee or (C) by the shareholders of
the Company; or (iii) as provided in Section 8(b) of this Agreement; and, if it
is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to
Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination.
Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such
determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification,
including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance
request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise
protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and
reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including
attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating
shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination), and the
Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

     (c) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to
be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement, the
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 7(c). If a
Change in Control shall not have occurred, the Independent Counsel shall be
selected by the Board of Directors, and the Company shall give written notice to
Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected.
If a Change in Control shall have occurred, the

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall
request that such selection be made by the Board of Directors, in which event
the preceding sentence shall apply), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to
the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may within 7
days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to
the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such
selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the
Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of "Independent
Counsel" as defined in Section 13 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set
forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written
objection is made, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as
Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection
is without merit. If, within 20 days after sub-mission by Indemnitee of a
written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) hereof, no
Independent Counsel shall have been selected or if selected, shall have been
objected to, in accordance with this Section 7(c), either the Company or
Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other
court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have
been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other's selection of Independent
Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected
by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the
person with respect to whom an objection is favorably resolved or the person so
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 7(b) hereof. The
Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent
Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant
to Section 7(b) hereof, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and
expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 7(c), regardless of the
manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due
commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section
9(a)(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and
relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

     8. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings.

     (a) If a Change in Control shall have occurred in making a determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or
entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for
indemnification in accordance with Section 7(a) of this Agreement, and the
Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in
connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination
contrary to that presumption.

     (b) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 7
of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
shall not have made such determination within 60 days after receipt by the
Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to
indemnification shall be deemed to have been made, and Indemnitee shall be
entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a
material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

to make Indemnitee's statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under
applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a
reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person, persons or
entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of
documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, that
the foregoing provisions of this Section 8(b) shall not apply (i) if the
determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the
shareholders pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement and if (A) within 15
days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the
Board of Directors has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders
for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days
after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, (B) a special meeting
of shareholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of
making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days
after having been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if
the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement.

     (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter
therein by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo
contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided
in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to
indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good
faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding,
that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

     9. Remedies of Indemnitee.

     (a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 7 of
this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this
Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 6
of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of entitlement to indemnification is
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement and
such determination shall not have been made and delivered in a written opinion
within 90 days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification,
(iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5 of this
Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request
therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within ten (10) days
after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to
Section 8 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in
an appropriate court of the State of Delaware, or in any other court of
competent jurisdiction, of his entitlement to such indemnification or
advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an
award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the
rules of the American Arbitration Association. Indemnitee shall commence such
proceeding seeking an adjudication or an award in arbitration within 180 days
following the date on which Indemnitee first has the right to commence such
proceeding pursuant to this Section

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

9(a). The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to seek any such
adjudication or award in arbitration.

     (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to
Section 7 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 9
shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the
merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse
determination. If a Change in Control shall have occurred in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 9, the Company
shall have the burden of proving that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be.

     (c) If a determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made
pursuant to Section 7 or 8 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any
judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 9, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a
material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not materially
misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a
prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

     (d) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial
proceedings or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 9 that the
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and
enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator
that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

     (e) In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section 9, seeks a
judicial adjudication of or an award in arbitration to enforce his rights under,
or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company
against, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of
Expenses in Section 13 of this Agreement) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in such judicial adjudication or arbitration, but only if he prevails
therein. If it shall be determined in said judicial adjudication or arbitration
that Indemnitee is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification
or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
connection with such judicial adjudication or arbitration shall be appropriately
prorated.

     10. Security. To the extent requested by the Indemnitee and approved by the
Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to the
Indemnitee for the Company's obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank
line of credit, funded trust, or other collateral. Any such security, once
provided to the Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior
written consent of Indemnitee.

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

     11. Non-Exclusivity; Duration of Agreement, Insurance; Subrogation.

     (a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as
provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Company's
certificate of incorporation or by-laws, any other agreement, a vote of
shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. This Agreement shall
continue until and terminate upon the later of: (a) 10 years after the date that
Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director or officer of the Company or
fiduciary of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise on which Indemnitee served at the request of
the Company; or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect
of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of
expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to
Section 9 of this Agreement relating thereto. This Agreement shall be binding
upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit
of Indemnitee and his heirs, executors and administrators.

     (b) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or
policies providing liability insurance for directors and officers of the Company
or fiduciaries of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person serves at the
request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies
in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies.

     (c) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be
subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of
Indemnitee who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary
to secure such rights including execution of such documents as are necessary to
enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

     (d) The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that
Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance
policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

     12. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent
possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each
portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or
unenforceable) shall be

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

     13. Exception to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall not be
entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with
respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him against
the Company.

     14. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

     (a) "Change in Control" means a change in control of the Company of a
nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 5(f) of
Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any
similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the "Act"), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting
requirement; provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in
Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any "person" (as such term is
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Act) is or becomes the "beneficial
owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing 20% or more of the combined voting power
of the Company's then outstanding securities without the prior approval of at
least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors in office immediately
prior to such person attaining such percent-age interest; (ii) the Company is a
party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a
proxy contest, as a consequence of which members of the Board of Directors in
office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a
majority of the Board of Directors thereafter; or (iii) during any period of two
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted
the Board of Directors (including for this purpose any new director whose
election or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
directors at the beginning of such period) cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority of the Board of Directors.

     (b) "Corporate Status" describes the status of a person who is or was or
has agreed to become a director of the Company, or is or was an officer or
fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is
or was serving at the request of the Company.

     (c) "Disinterested Directors" means a director of the Company who is not
and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

     (d) "Expenses" shall include all reasonable attorneys' fees, retainers,
court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, travel expenses, duplicating
costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service
fees, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred
in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend or
investigating a Proceeding.

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

     (e) "Independent Counsel" means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that
is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in
the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or
Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party, or (ii) any other party
to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Independent Counsel" shall not include
any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company
or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this
Agreement.

     (f) "Proceeding" includes any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute
resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising on
or after the date of this Agreement (and regardless of when the Indemnitee's act
or failure to act occurred), except one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to
Section 9 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement.

     15. Headings. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this
Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

     16. Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may be amended from time to
time to reflect changes in Delaware law or for other reasons. No supplement,
modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in
writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other
provision hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a
continuing waiver.

     17. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company
in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint,
indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter
which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered
hereunder, provided, however, that the failure to give any such notice shall not
disqualify the Indemnitee from indemnification hereunder.

     18. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i)
delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other
communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or
registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date
on which it is so mailed:

     (a) If to Indemnitee, to:

              Michael Warren
              114 Kay Street
              Newport, RI  02840

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

     (b) If to the Company, to:

              Secretary
              BNS Co.
              200 Frenchtown Road, Suite 2
              North Kingstown, RI  02852

or to such other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee by the Company
or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be.

     19. Governing Law. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and
as of the day and year first above written.

Attest:  BNS Co.


By:  /s/ Elisa DePina                           By: /s/ Kenneth N. Kermes
     ----------------                               ---------------------
     Elisa DePina                                   Kenneth N. Kermes
     Corporate Secretary                            Chairman of the Board

                                                Indemnitee


                                                /s/ Michael Warren
                                                -------------------------
                                                Michael Warren

                                      -10-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
