<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c74671exv10w18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BRUNSWICK STRATEGIC INCENTIVE PLAN FOR 2002-2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.18

2002-2003 STRATEGIC INCENTIVE PLAN (SIP)

Purpose                   Reward achievement of two year goals

Eligibility               Key managers and above identified on an individual
                          basis.

Participation Level       Pro rata participation for cycle ending in first year
                          of eligibility.

                          Full participation for subsequent cycles.

                          Must be employed at year-end to receive an award
                          (except in the event of death or disability).

Target Incentives         Sum of target incentive opportunity as a
                          percent of salary times salary for all eligible
                          participants.

Performance Measures      Funding to be based on performance versus the
                          following measures:

                          >   60% Brunswick Value Added (BVA). BVA defined as
                              profits after-tax; reduced for cost of capital
                              charge (capital to include working, fixed and
                              other assets; cost of capital will include debt
                              and equity)
                              o   For Division employees 60% BVA will be split
                                  evenly between Division BVA and overall
                                  Brunswick Corporation BVA.
                              o   For Corporate headquarters employees BVA will
                                  be based entirely on overall Brunswick
                                  Corporation BVA.

                          >   40% performance against Strategic Factors.
                              o   For Division employees based on Division's
                                  strategic factor performance
                              o   For Corporate headquarters employees based
                                  on average of all Division strategic
                                  factor performance results
                              o   For cycles beginning in 2001 factors include:
                                  o   Customer satisfaction
                                  o   Growth in market share
                                  o   Product innovation (percent of sales from
                                      new products)
                                  o   Employee satisfaction

Performance Levels:
>       Threshold         >   Minimum performance level supporting the funding
                              of any variable incentive pay. Threshold to be
                              determined for each Division and Brunswick
                              Corporation individually.

>       Target            >   Agreed upon performance level, typically tied to
                              business plans for performance period.

>       Stretch           >   Performance necessary to support funding at twice
                              target level.


SIP summary 3
<PAGE>





STRATEGIC INCENTIVE PLAN...

Performance Period        Generally two-year performance periods will be used.

                          >   For BVA: overlapping cycles beginning each year.
                              To phase into the program, two performance
                              periods began in 2001.
                              o   2001: One year cycle with 50% of normal
                                  target incentives for those transitioning
                                  from 2000 - 2001 SIP. (Current 2000 - 2001
                                  SIP cycle shortened to one year. Pay out
                                  accrued, but will not be paid until regularly
                                  scheduled date - February, 2002.)
                              o   2001 - 2002: Two year cycle
                              Beginning in 2002 and in each year thereafter a
                              new two-year cycle will begin.

                          >   For Strategic Factors: two-year, end-to-end
                              cycles.  Partial pay outs before the end of a
                              performance cycle may be considered.

Overall Funding           Overall funding will be the sum of BVA funding and
                          strategic factor funding.

Funding Review and        The following steps will be taken to review and
Approval                  approve funding:

                          >   CFO will review actual results quarterly to
                              evaluate established accruals.

                          >   CEO will review performance at end of performance
                              period and approve funding or recommend funding
                              to Human Resource and Compensation Committee as
                              appropriate.

                          >   Committee will review and approve funding as
                              deemed appropriate.

Maximum Funding           None

Individual                Awards Individual awards will be determined on a
                          discretionary basis using evaluation of individual
                          performance for the performance period, target
                          incentives as a percent of salary and covered salary
                          (actual received for final year or performance
                          period).

                          Individuals must be employed at time of payment to
                          receive an award, except those terminating due to
                          death or permanent and total disability will be
                          eligible to receive individual awards.

Timing of Award           As soon as practical after financial results are
Payments                  confirmed and appropriate approvals obtained.



Nothing contained in these materials constitutes or is intended to create a
promise of an individual incentive award or a contract of continued employment.
Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either the employee or
Corporation for any reason at any time.





SIP summary 3


                                                                               2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
