<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>c25309_x994.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BACKSTOP FEE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>



                           CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.
                           300 WILLOWBROOK OFFICE PARK
                                FAIRPORT NY 14450



13 January 2003


The Directors
BRL Hardy Limited
Reynell Road
Reynella
South Australia 5161
Australia


                         STRICTLY PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL


Gentlemen

We refer to the mutual interest expressed by BRL Hardy Limited ("BRL HARDY") and
Constellation Brands, Inc. ("CONSTELLATION") to pursue certain business
opportunities, which may include a merger of our respective businesses or part
thereof (such activities being referred to in this letter collectively as the
"TRANSACTION").

This letter records that in consideration of each of BRL Hardy and Constellation
committing time and money in pursuing the Transaction, each agrees as set out in
this agreement.

1.          DEFINITIONS

            "AFFILIATE" means, in relation to a party another Person that
            directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls
            or is controlled by or is under common control with such party.

            "BOARD" means the board of directors of BRL Hardy.

            "CONTROL TRANSACTION" means a transaction (including a takeover bid
            under chapter 6 of the Corporations Act, a scheme of arrangement
            under part 5.1 of the Corporations Act, a dual listed company
            arrangement or any other form of merger or acquisition) which, if
            completed substantially in accordance with its terms, would result
            in Constellation or an Affiliate of Constellation acquiring a
            Relevant Interest in at least 50% of the share capital of BRL Hardy
            or otherwise acquiring control of BRL Hardy.

            "CORPORATIONS ACT" means the Corporations Act 2001 of the
            Commonwealth of Australia.

            "CONSTELLATION PREPARATORY COSTS" means:

            (a)         advisory costs (including costs of financial advisers,
                        accountancy and tax advisers, legal advisers both in
                        Australia and the United States);

            (b)         costs of Constellation's management and directors' time;

<PAGE>

            (c)         out of pocket expenses including, without limitation,
                        air fares, hotel accommodation, meals and associated
                        expenses incurred by Constellation's management,
                        directors, employees, advisers and agents; and

            (d)         commitment fees and other financing costs,

            in each case, incurred or suffered by Constellation or any of its
            Affiliates after 1 October 2002 as a result of Constellation
            pursuing a Transaction, including costs of all preparatory
            investigations and due diligence undertaken in connection with the
            proposed Transaction and all costs incurred in negotiating,
            planning, structuring and preparing to implement and finance the
            proposed Transaction.

            "PERSON" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
            company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership,
            governmental authority or other entity.

            "RELEVANT INTEREST" has the meaning given in the Corporations Act.

            "THIRD PARTY CONTROL TRANSACTION" means a transaction (including a
            takeover bid under chapter 6 of the Corporations Act, a scheme of
            arrangement under part 5.1 of the Corporations Act, a dual listed
            company arrangement or any other form of merger or acquisition)
            which, if completed substantially in accordance with its terms,
            would result in any Person (other than Constellation or an Affiliate
            of Constellation) acquiring a Relevant Interest in at least 50% of
            the share capital of BRL Hardy or otherwise acquiring control of BRL
            Hardy or all or a substantial part of the business or assets of BRL
            Hardy (including by way of dual listed company structure).

2.          CONSTELLATION OBLIGATION

            If before 28 February 2003 Constellation does not propose to the
            Board a Control Transaction on terms which the majority of the Board
            is prepared to recommend to BRL Hardy shareholders then
            Constellation must pay BRL Hardy by way of contribution to the
            expenses incurred by BRL Hardy in pursuing the Transaction the sum
            of US$1,000,000 provided that Constellation shall not be obliged to
            make such payment if before 28 February 2003 any Person has
            announced a Third Party Control Transaction which the majority of
            the Board is prepared to recommend.

            BRL Hardy may require any payment due under this paragraph to be
            made by giving written notice to Constellation within one month
            after 28 February 2003. Payment must be made by Constellation within
            5 Business Days after receipt by Constellation of the notice
            referred to in this paragraph 2.

3.          BRL HARDY OBLIGATION

            If before 28 February 2003 no Control Transaction has been announced
            by Constellation and:

            (a)         before that date any Person announces a Third Party
                        Control Transaction;

            (b)         Constellation notifies BRL Hardy in writing that it no
                        longer wishes to pursue a Control Transaction; and

            (c)         either:

                        (i)       the Third Party Control Transaction is
                                  recommended by a majority of the Board; or

                        (ii)      the Third Party Control Transaction is not
                                  recommended by a majority of the Board and
                                  within 12 months after the date of the
                                  announcement of the Third Party Control

<PAGE>

                                  Transaction the Person announcing the Third
                                  Party Control Transaction acquires a Relevant
                                  Interest in at least 50% of the share capital
                                  of BRL Hardy or otherwise acquires control of
                                  BRL Hardy or all or a substantial part of the
                                  business or assets of BRL Hardy (including by
                                  way of dual listed company structure),

            then BRL Hardy must pay to Constellation the amount of the
            Constellation Preparatory Costs incurred by Constellation and its
            Affiliates before the announcement of the Third Party Control
            Transaction referred to in this paragraph 3 up to a maximum of
            US$5,000,000.

            Constellation may require any payment due under this paragraph to be
            made by so specifying in the notice referred to in paragraph 3(c).
            Payment must be made by BRL Hardy within 5 Business Days after
            receipt by BRL Hardy of the notice referred to in this paragraph 3.

4.          COUNTERPARTS, SEVERABILITY AND AMENDMENT

            This letter may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of
            which taken together shall constitute on and the same letter. Either
            party may enter into the agreement set forth in this letter by
            signing any such counterpart. If any provision of this letter is
            determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in whole
            or in part, the remaining provisions of this letter shall be
            unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the
            fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Any amendment,
            modification or waiver of this letter or any part of it must be in
            writing signed by each of the parties to this letter.

5.          GST

            (a)         Terms used in this paragraph 5 have the meanings given
                        to those terms by the A New Tax System (Goods and
                        Services Tax) Act 1999 (as amended from time to time).

            (b)         If GST is payable in relation to a supply made under or
                        in connection with this agreement then:

                        (i)       any party ("RECIPIENT") that is required to
                                  provide consideration to another party
                                  ("SUPPLIER") for that supply must pay an
                                  additional amount to the Supplier equal to the
                                  amount of that GST at the same time as any
                                  other consideration is to be first provided
                                  for that supply; and

                        (ii)      the Supplier will provide a tax invoice to the
                                  Recipient no later than the time at which any
                                  consideration is to be first provided for that
                                  supply.

            (c)         If the GST payable in relation to a supply made under or
                        in connection with this agreement varies from the
                        additional amount paid by the Recipient under paragraph
                        5(b) such that a further amount of GST is payable in
                        relation to the supply, or a refund or credit of GST is
                        obtained in relation to the supply, then the Supplier
                        will provide a corresponding refund or credit to, or
                        will be entitled to receive the amount of that variation
                        from, the Recipient. Any payment, credit or refund under
                        this paragraph 5(c) is deemed to be a payment, credit or
                        refund of the additional amount payable under paragraph
                        5(b).


<PAGE>

6.          GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

            This letter shall be governed by the laws of the State of South
            Australia, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. The
            parties consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the South
            Australian Supreme Court for any action arising under or in
            connection with this letter.

Please confirm that this letter is in accordance with BRL Hardy's understanding
of our agreement by signing this letter as indicated below.

Very truly yours

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.



By:   /s/ F. Paul Hetterich

Name:  F. Paul Hetterich



Accepted and agreed to as of the date first set forth above

BRL HARDY LIMITED



By: /s/ S. B. Millar

            Name:  S. B. Millar




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
