<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a2102588zex-2_6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.6
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.6

A. Prot. 2002/146
dated December 5, 2002 of the Notary
Dr. Alexander Gutmans, Basel (Switzerland)

                                  NOTARIAL DEED


                      FIFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT


Negotiated at Basel/Switzerland this 5th (fifth) day of December 2002 (two
thousand and two).

Before me, the undersigned Notary Public


                              DR. ALEXANDER GUTMANS


at Basel/Switzerland appeared today:

1.   MR. PHILIPP RUPP, born June 10, 1970, lawyer, Swiss citizen, domiciled at
     CH-4058 Basel, Rebgasse 21, known by person,

     according to his declarations acting not in his own name, but without
     assuming any personal liability in the name and on behalf of

          BASF AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, a German stock corporation with registered
          head office at DE-67056 Ludwigshafen, registered with the Commercial
          Register at the local court of Ludwigshafen under HRB 3000, with
          reference to a power of attorney, dated December 5, 2002, faxed copy
          of which was presented to the notary and is attached to this Deed. The
          original of such power of attorney will be provided by the represented
          party in due course and will be attached to this Deed,

                                         - hereinafter referred to as "SELLER" -

<Page>

                                                                               2

2.   DR. HENRIK BAUWENS, born July 12, 1971, attorney at law, German citizen,
     with business address at DE-60311 Frankfurt am Main, Bethmannstrasse
     50-54, known by person,

     according to his declarations acting not in his own name but released from
     the restrictions of Section 181 BGB in the name and on behalf of

          ABBOTT LABORATORIES, 100 Abbott Park Road, Abbott Park, Illinois
          60053-3500, USA, according to the attached power of attorney dated May
          14, 2001 with notarial certification of signature and apostille, the
          attached certification dated May 14, 2001 with notarial certification
          of signature and apostille and the attached Certificate of Incumbency
          dated May 14, 2001 with notarial certification of signature and
          apostille,

                                      - hereinafter referred to as "PURCHASER" -

The acting Notary Public has drawn the attention of the persons appearing to the
fact, that he could in part not examine the authenticity of the signatures and
that he could not examine the representative capacity of the persons who
purported to have signed the powers of attorney. Nevertheless the persons
appearing insisted on the immediate notarization and released each party from
submitting subsequently other documents evidencing or supporting the
representative capacity.

The acting Notary advised the persons appearing that a notary who or whose
partners in the law firm have formerly acted as legal advisors to one of the
parties involved in the matter to be notarized would not be entitled to take
office as a notary in the matter at hand pursuant to Section 233 Sect. 1(4) of
the Introductory Act of the Canton Basel-City relating to the Swiss Civil Code
which provision corresponds with the so-called "Vorbefassungsverbot" under the
German Act of Notarization (Section 3 Sect. 1(7)). The acting Notary states that
he himself and his firm have not been involved in the matter at hand in the
meaning of said provisions. By approving the present Agreement, the Parties
hereto shall confirm such statement of the acting Notary.

The persons appearing requested this Deed including its Exhibits, Schedules and
Appendices to be recorded in the English language. The acting Notary Public who
is in sufficient command of the English language ascertained that the persons
appearing are also in command of the English language. After having been
instructed by the acting Notary, the persons appearing waived the right to
obtain the assistance of a sworn interpreter and to obtain

<Page>

                                                                               3

a certified translation of this Deed including the Exhibits, Schedules and
Appendices hereto.

The persons appearing asked for the Notarization of the following

                      FIFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT

WHEREAS,

Seller and Purchaser are parties to that certain Purchase Agreement dated as of
December 14, 2000 (Number 194 of the Roll of Deeds for 2000 of Dr. Norbert
Meister, Notary Public, at Frankfurt am Main), as amended thereafter by the
Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of March 2, 2001 (Number 226 of the
Roll of Deeds for 2001 of Dr. Gerhard Pilger, Notary Public, at Frankfurt am
Main) (the "FIRST AMENDMENT"), the Second Amendment to the Purchase Agreement
dated as of May 18, 2001 (Number 56 of the Roll of Deeds for 2001 of Dr. Norbert
Meister, Notary Public, at Frankfurt Am Main) (the "SECOND AMENDMENT"), the
Agreement and Third Amendment to Purchase Agreement dated as of July 24, 2001
(Number 741 of the Roll of Deeds for 2001 of Dr. Gerhard Pilger, Notary Public,
at Frankfurt am Main) (the "THIRD AGREEMENT") and the Agreement dated as of
March 11, 2002 (Number 188 of the Roll of Deeds for 2002 of Dr. Gerhard Pilger,
Notary Public, at Frankfurt am Main) (the "FOURTH AMENDMENT") (collectively, the
"PURCHASE AGREEMENT"), pursuant to which Purchaser and its Affiliates acquired
the Shares and Transferred Patents and a certain license. Capitalized terms used
herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement unless
otherwise defined herein.

WHEREAS,

Seller and Purchaser have agreed to certain matters incidental to the actions to
be taken by the parties subsequent to the Closing regarding the adjustment of
the Aggregate Purchase Price as provided for in SECTIONS 9 AND 10 of the
Purchase Agreement and the Third Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE,

in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained,
the parties to the Purchase Agreement hereby agree as follows:

<Page>

                                                                               4

1.   ADJUSTMENT TO THE AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE.

     Seller and Purchaser hereby acknowledge and agree that in accordance with
     the provisions set forth in SECTIONS 9 AND 10 of the Purchase Agreement and
     in the Third Amendment the initial aggregate purchase price for the Shares
     and Transferred Patents and the license granted in SECTION 25.1 of the
     Purchase Agreement consisting of Six Billion Nine Hundred Thirty Million
     United States Dollars (USD$6,930,000,000.00) was adjusted upward by the
     parties in the additional amount of One Billion Three Hundred Thirty-Two
     Million Two Hundred Fifty-Four Thousand Euros (EUR 1,332,254,000.00)
     ("ADJUSTED ADDITIONAL PURCHASE PRICE").

2.   PAYMENT OF THE ADDITIONAL PURCHASE PRICE.

     Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser has paid in full the
     Adjusted Additional Purchase Price to Seller.

3.   ALLOCATION OF THE ADJUSTED ADDITIONAL PURCHASE PRICE.

     The parties hereby agree that the Adjusted Additional Purchase Price shall
     be allocated as set forth in Exhibit 1 to this Fifth Amendment.

4.   NOTICES.

     All notices, statements and other communications to be given with respect
     to this Fifth Amendment shall be in the English language and sent by
     registered mail, by facsimile transmission or by messenger to the parties
     at the following addresses or at such other addresses as shall be specified
     by the parties:

     If to Seller:       BASF Aktiengesellschaft
                         Central Legal Department
                         67056 Ludwigshafen, Germany
                         Telefax: 49-621-60-20410

<Page>

                                                                               5

     If to Purchaser:    Abbott Laboratories
                         100 Abbott Park Road
                         Abbott Park, Illinois 60053-3500
                         Telefax: 1-847-938-6277
                         Attn: General Counsel

5.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT; WRITTEN FORM.

     (a)  As amended by this Fifth Amendment, the Purchase Agreement shall
          remain in full force and effect and shall constitute the entire
          agreement of the parties with respect to the subject thereof and
          hereof and supersede all other prior agreements and undertakings both
          written and oral among the parties with respect to the subject matter
          thereof and hereof. In the event of any translation of this Fifth
          Amendment, the English version shall govern.

     (b)  Any changes in this Fifth Amendment including, but not limited to,
          this clause shall only be valid if made in writing and executed by
          both Seller and Purchaser or, if necessary, in a stricter form.

     (c)  Neither party hereto waives any rights it may have under the Purchase
          Agreement, including any and all rights under SECTIONS 15 AND 18 of
          the Purchase Agreement, or otherwise under applicable law in
          connection with the Fifth Amendment or the subject matter hereof, all
          of which rights are hereby expressly reserved.

6.   ASSIGNMENT.

     Neither Seller nor Purchaser may assign any rights or obligations under
     this Fifth Amendment to any third party without the consent of the
     respective other party.

7.   GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION.

     (a)  This Fifth Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance
          with the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, without regard to
          its choice of law rules.

<Page>

                                                                               6

     (b)  All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Fifth
          Amendment, including any question regarding its existence, validity or
          termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration
          in accordance with the Rules of the German Institute of Arbitration
          e.V.(DIS) without recourse to the ordinary courts of law, provided
          that the Chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal shall not be of the same
          nationality as that of any of the parties to a given dispute. The
          place of arbitration shall be Frankfurt, Germany; the language of the
          arbitration shall be English.

8.   EXPENSES; TAXES.

     (a)  Each party shall bear its own expenses and fees (including attorneys',
          accountants', consultants' and advisors' fees) in connection with this
          Fifth Amendment or any of the actions contemplated herein.

     (b)  Fees and costs triggered by the implementation of this Fifth
          Amendment, including but not limited to, any notarial fees, any
          transfer or sales Tax (including any value added Tax and stamp duties
          and property transfer Tax according to SECTION 5 PARA 3
          Grunderwerbssteuergesetz), any registration or publication fees shall
          be borne by Purchaser.

     (c)  Seller shall bear any capital gain Taxes realized under the tax laws
          of Colombia as a result of the additional purchase price allocated to
          the Shares of Knoll Colombiana S.A. Laboratorios Farmaceuticos. Seller
          hereby authorizes Purchaser to pay on its behalf any such capital gain
          Taxes and shall promptly reimburse Purchaser for any such capital gain
          Taxes.

     (d)  Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that as a result of the
          downward adjustment of the purchase price allocated to the shares of
          Knoll Productos Quimicos e Farmaceuticos Ltda. and Quimica Knoll de
          Mexico S.A. de C.V., Seller shall be entitled to receive any refund of
          capital gain and withholding Taxes previously paid by Seller to the
          authorities of Brazil and Mexico.

9.   AMENDMENT OF SEPARATE SALE AND TRANSFER CONTRACTS.

     Seller and Purchaser hereby agree and covenant that they shall, or shall
     cause their Affiliates to, do and take all actions that are necessary or
     appropriate, including, without limitation, amending the existing "Separate
     Sale and Transfer Contracts" (as

<Page>

                                                                               7

     defined in SECTION 7.1 of the Purchase Agreement), for the purpose of
     reflecting the agreed upon Adjusted Additional Purchase Price and its
     allocation as set forth in Exhibit 1 to this Fifth Amendment for the
     following countries: (i) Argentina, (ii) Australia, (iii) Brazil, (iv)
     Belgium, (v) Columbia, (vi) Mexico, (vii) The Netherlands, (viii) Turkey,
     and (ix) the United Kingdom with respect to both Lupharma UK Holding II,
     Ltd. and Knoll Ltd.

10.  SEVERABILITY.

     Should any of the provisions of this Fifth Amendment be or become fully or
     partly invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Fifth Amendment shall
     be valid or enforceable. The invalid or unenforceable provision shall be
     replaced by a provision which shall come as close as possible to the
     economic purpose of the invalid provision. Any gaps in this Fifth Amendment
     shall be filled by a provision which the parties as prudent businessmen
     would in good faith have agreed to, had they considered the matter not
     covered by this Fifth Amendment.

11.  EFFECTIVE DATE.

     Seller and Buyer hereby agree that this Fifth Amendment will be effective
     as of November 29, 2002.

12.  NOTARIAL DEED.

     The parties hereby agree to formalize this Fifth Amendment in a Swiss
     notarial deed which will cause legal effects in accordance with the laws of
     the Federal Republic of Germany.


<Page>

IN WITNESS THEREOF this Notarial Deed including the Exhibit has been read aloud
to the persons appearing and was confirmed and approved by the persons
appearing. The persons appearing then signed this Deed. All this was done at the
day herebelow written in the presence of me, the Notary Public, who also signed
this Deed and affixed my official Seal.

Basel, this 5th (fifth) day of December 2002 (two thousand and two)


                                    /s/ Philipp Rupp
                                    ----------------------------------------


                                    /s/ H. Bauwens
                                    ----------------------------------------


                                    /s/ Dr. Alexander Gutmans, Notary Public
                                    ----------------------------------------
                                    Dr. Alexander Gutmans, Notary Public


A. Prot. 2002/146                    [SEAL]


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
