<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-1b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1(B)
<TEXT>
                                                                 Exhibit 10.1(b)

                 CENTURYTEL, INC. DOLLARS & SENSE PLAN AND TRUST

               As Amended and Restated Effective September 1, 2000


         CenturyTel, Inc. (the "Company") previously established the CenturyTel,
Inc. Dollars & Sense Plan (the "Plan"), for the exclusive benefit of eligible
employees of the Company and its participating affiliates. The Plan is intended
to constitute a qualified profit sharing plan, as described in Code Section
401(a), which includes a qualified cash or deferred arrangement, as described in
Code Section 401(k). Effective July 1, 1993, the San Marcos Telephone Company,
Inc. and SM Telecorp Companies Retirement Plan was merged into the Plan.
Effective January 10, 1998, assets from the PacifiCorp K Plus Employee Savings
Plan attributable to participants thereunder who immediately prior to the date
of transfer were employees of Pacific Telecom, Inc. were transferred to the
Plan.

         This amendment and restatement hereby effectuates a merger into this
Plan of the CenturyTel, Inc. Frozen Savings Plan, previously the Universal
Telephone, Inc. Employees' Savings Plan, originally effective September 1, 1986,
and amended and restated, and renamed as the CenturyTel, Inc. Frozen Savings
Plan, effective October 1, 1997.

         The provisions of the Plan and Trust relating to the Trustee constitute
the trust agreement which is entered into by and between CenturyTel, Inc. and T.
Rowe Price Trust Company. This amendment and restatement also serves to remove
Merrill Lynch Trust Company, FSB as trustee and to appoint T. Rowe Price Trust
Company as trustee. The Trust is intended to be tax exempt, as described in Code
Section 501(a).

         The Plan is intended to comply with the qualification requirements of
the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA),
the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (GATT), the Small Business Job Protection Act
of 1996 (SBJPA), the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 (TRA `97), and the
Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (RRA `98), and is intended to comply in
operation therewith. To the extent that the Plan, as set forth below, is
subsequently determined to be insufficient to comply with such requirements and
any regulations issued, the Plan shall later be amended to so comply.

         The Plan constitutes an amendment and restatement of the CenturyTel,
Inc. Dollars & Sense Plan effective September 1, 2000, which was originally
established effective as of May 1, 1986, and its related trust agreement.

         The CenturyTel, Inc. Dollars & Sense Plan and Trust, as set forth in
this document, is hereby amended and restated effective as of September 1, 2000.
The Plan and Trust were last restated generally effective January 1, 1998.


                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

         1.1   Accrued Benefit. The balance in a Participant's or Beneficiary's
account, including contributions, forfeitures, income, expenses, gains and
losses (whether or not realized) allocated or attributable thereto, which
account shall consist of its pro rata proportion of all commingled Trust assets
or any Trust assets separately earmarked therefor. Said account balance shall
be determined as of the most recent Valuation Date. Each Accrued Benefit shall
be divided into one or more of the following subaccounts, to the extent
applicable:

         (a)      Additional Match Account;
         (b)      Elective Deferral Account;
         (c)      Employer Match Account;
         (d)      ESOP Transfer Account;
         (e)      Frozen After-Tax Account;
         (f)      Frozen Other Employer Account;
         (g)      Frozen Pre-Tax Account;
         (h)      Frozen Qualified Nonelective Account;
         (i)      Frozen Rollover Account;
         (j)      Prior Match Account;
         (k)      Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account;
         (l)      Qualified Matching Contribution Account;
         (m)      Rollover/Transfer Account; and
         (n)      Voluntary After-Tax Account.

The foregoing accounts, which are designated as functional accounts, are derived
from the source of the funds contributed thereto.

         1.2   Active Participant.  Any Participant on whose behalf
contributions are being made to the Plan.

         1.3   Additional Match Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of Additional Match Contributions made to the Plan for
the Plan Year by the Employer and, if applicable, amounts transferred from the
Predecessor Plans as set forth on Exhibit A.

         1.4   Additional Match Contributions.  Matching Contributions made
to the Plan for the Plan Year by the Employer pursuant to Section 3.2(b)
of the Plan.

         1.5   Administrator or Plan Administrator.  The person, persons or
entity designated by the Employer pursuant to Article XII to administer and
operate the Plan.


         1.6   Affiliated Employer. The Employer and any corporation which is a
member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of
the Code) which includes the Employer, any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) which is under common control (as defined in Section 414(c) of the
Code) with the Employer, any organization (whether or not incorporated) which is
a member of an affiliated service group (as defined in Section 414(m) of the
Code) which includes the Employer, and any other entity required to be
aggregated with the Employer pursuant to regulations under Section 414(o) of the
Code.

         1.7   Beneficiary. The person or persons so designated by the
Participant to receive his benefits under the Plan in the event of his death.

         1.8   Code.  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


         1.9   Company.  CenturyTel, Inc. or any successor by merger, purchase
or otherwise.

         1.10  Company Stock.  Shares of voting common stock, $1.00 par value,
issued by the Company.


         1.11  Compensation.  All of each Participant's W-2 earnings, including
any amount which is contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary reduction
agreement and which is not includible in the gross income of the Employee under
Section 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h)(1)(B), 403(b), 408(p)(2)(A)(i) or 457 of the
Code, and excluding (i) overtime, (ii) completion bonuses and Christmas bonuses,
(iii) restricted stock awards under the Company's Restricted Stock Plan or Key
Employee Incentive Compensation Plan, (iv) severance pay or termination
allowance in any form, and (v) reimbursements or other expense allowances, cash
and non-cash fringe benefits, moving expenses, deferred compensation and welfare
benefits. For any Self-Employed Individual covered under the Plan, Compensation
will mean Earned Income. Compensation shall include only that Compensation which
is actually paid to the Participant during the applicable period. Except as
provided elsewhere in this Plan, the applicable period shall be the Plan Year.

         The annual Compensation of each Participant taken into account under
the Plan for any year shall not exceed $170,000, as adjusted for Cost-of-Living
Increases pursuant to Code Sections 401(a)(17) and 415(d). The Cost-of-Living
Increase in effect for a calendar year applies to any determination period
beginning in such calendar year.

         If a determination period consists of fewer than twelve (12) months,
the annual compensation limit is an amount equal to the otherwise applicable
annual compensation limit multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
the number of months in the short determination period, and the denominator of
which is twelve (12).

         For purposes of determining Highly Compensated Employees and Key
Employees, and for purposes of Section 5.4(j), Compensation for the entire Plan
Year shall be used. For purposes of determining ADP and ACP, Compensation shall
be limited to amounts paid to a Covered Employee while a Participant.

         1.12  Cost of Living Increase. An automatic increase (without necessity
of Plan amendment) in a dollar value set forth or described in the Plan, for the
purpose of reflecting increases in the cost of living to the extent prescribed
in or pursuant to regulations under Section 415(d) of the Code.

         1.13  Covered  Employee.  Any Employee eligible to participate in th
Plan pursuant to Article II who is not excluded from participation pursuant to
Section 2.2.

         1.14  Distribution Date.  The date on  which a Participant reaches
retirement, dies while in the active employ of the Employer, becomes totally
and permanently disabled, or otherwise terminates employment.

         1.15  Earned Income. The annual net earnings from self-employment in
the trade or business  with respect to which the Plan is  established,  provided
that personal services of the individual are a material income-producing factor.
Net earnings  will be determined  without  regard to items not included in gross
income and the deductions  allocable to such items.  Net earnings are reduced by
contributions by the Employer to a qualified plan to the extent deductible under
Section  404 of the Code.  Earned  Income will in all events be defined in a way
which  complies  with  Section  401(c)(2)  of  the  Code  and  other  applicable
provisions of the Code.

         Net earnings shall be determined with regard to the deduction allowed
to the Employer by Section 164(f) of the Code for taxable years beginning after
December 31, 1989.

         1.16  Effective  Date.  The effective date of this amendment and
restatement shall be September 1, 2000.

         1.17  Elective Deferral Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of Elective Deferrals made to the Plan for the Plan Year
by the Employer on behalf of the Participant and, if applicable, amounts
transferred from the Predecessor Plans as set forth on Exhibit A.

         1.18  Elective Deferrals. Contributions made to the Plan for the Plan
Year by the Employer at the election of the Participant in lieu of cash
compensation, pursuant to Section 3.1 of the Plan, including contributions made
pursuant to a salary reduction agreement.

         1.19  Employee. Any person, including a Self-Employed Individual,
employed by the Employer maintaining the Plan or of any other Employer required
to be aggregated with such Employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code and shall include Leased Employees within the meaning of Section 414(n)(2)
or (o) of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Leased Employees
constitute less than twenty percent of the Employer's non-highly compensated
work force within the meaning of Section 414(n)(5)(C)(ii) of the Code, the term
"Employee" shall not include those Leased Employees covered by a plan described
in Section 414(n)(5) of the Code unless otherwise provided by the terms of the
Plan.

         1.20  Employer.  The Company, any successor to the Company and any
Affiliated Employer which is a Participating Employer under the Plan.

         1.21  Employer Contribution Accounts.  The portion of a Participant's
Accrued Benefit consisting of his Employer Match Account and his Additional
Match Account.

         1.22  Employer Match Account.  The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of Employer Match Contributions made to the Plan for
the Plan Year by the Employer.

         1.23  Employer Match Contributions.  Matching Contributions made to
the Plan for the Plan Year by the Employer pursuant to Section 3.2(a)
of the Plan.

         1.24  Entry Date. The first day on which a Covered Employee elects to
 participate in the Plan.


         1.25  ERISA. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

         1.26  ESOP. The CenturyTel, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
Trust.

         1.27  ESOP Transfer Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of amounts transferred to the Plan from the CenturyTel,
Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust pursuant to diversification
elections with respect to such plan under Section 401(a)(28) of the Code.

         1.28  Family Member.  An Employee's spouse and lineal ascendants or
descendants and the spouses of such lineal ascendants or descendants.

         1.29  Frozen Accounts.  Collectively, a Participant's Frozen After-Tax
Account, Frozen Other Employer Account, Frozen Pre-Tax Account, Frozen
Qualified Nonelective Account, and Frozen Rollover Account.

         1.30  Frozen After-Tax Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of amounts transferred from the Frozen Predecessor Plans
as set forth on Exhibit B.

         1.31  Frozen Other Employer Accounts. The portion of a Participant's
Accrued Benefit which consists of amounts attributable to "Employer Contribution
Account" and "Merger Account" amounts as such terms were defined under the
Frozen Plan prior to October 1, 1997 and amounts transferred from the Frozen
Predecessor Plans as set forth on Exhibit B.

         1.32  Frozen Plan. The CenturyTel, Inc. Frozen Savings Plan, which is
hereby merged into this Plan pursuant to this amendment and restatement of the
Plan.

         1.33  Frozen Predecessor Plans.  Plans which were merged, in whole or
in part, into the Frozen Plan, which were:

               (a)  Kingsley Telephone Company Retirement Savings Plan, a
         qualified profit sharing plan, as described in Code Section 401(a),
         which included a qualified cash or deferred arrangement, as described
         in Code Section 401(k), originally effective January 1, 1988 and merged
         into the Frozen Plan effective on or about October 1, 1997;

               (b)  Lake Dallas Telephone Company, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing
         Plan, a qualified profit sharing plan, as described in Code Section
         401(a), which included a qualified cash or deferred arrangement, as
         described in Code Section 401(k), originally effective January1, 1985
         and merged into the Frozen Plan effective on or about October 1, 1997;
         and

               (c)  Savings Plan for Employees of the National Telephone
         Cooperative Association and its Member Systems, a qualified profit
         sharing plan, as described in Code Section 401(a), which included a
         qualified cash or deferred arrangement, as described in Code Section
         401(k), originally effective September 1, 1977 and merged into the
         Frozen Plan, in part, effective on or about October 1, 1997.

         1.34  Frozen Pre-Tax Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of amounts attributable to "Employee Deferral Account"
amounts as such term was defined under the Frozen Plan prior to October 1, 1997
and amounts transferred from the Frozen Predecessor Plans as set forth on
Exhibit B.

         1.35  Frozen Qualified Nonelective Account. The portion of a
Participant's Accrued Benefit which consists of amounts transferred from the
Frozen Predecessor Plans as set forth on Exhibit B.

         1.36  Frozen Rollover Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of amounts attributable to "Rollover Account" amounts as
such term was defined under the Frozen Plan prior to October 1, 1997 and amounts
transferred from the Frozen Predecessor Plans as set forth on Exhibit B.

         1.37  Highly Compensated Employee.  The term Highly Compensated
Employee includes active Highly Compensated Employees and former Highly
Compensated Employees.

         An active Highly Compensated Employee includes any Employee who:

                     (1)   was a five-percent (5%) owner at any time during the
               year or the  preceding year, or

                     (2)   for the preceding year had compensation within
               the meaning of Section 415(c)(3) of the Code from the Employer
               in excess of $80,000. The $80,000 amount is adjusted at the
               same time and in the same manner as under Code Section 415(d),
               except that the base period is the calendar quarter ending
               September 30, 1996. The applicable year of the Plan for which
               a determination is being made is called a determination year
               and the preceding twelve (12) month period is called a
               look-back year.

         A former Highly Compensated Employee is determined based on the rules
applicable to determining highly compensated employee status as in effect for
the determination year, in accordance with Temp. Regulations Section
1.414(q)-1T, A-4, and Notice 97-45.

         1.38  Inactive Participant. Any Employee or former Employee who has
ceased to be an Active Participant and on whose behalf an account is maintained
under the Plan.

         1.39  Investment Options. Any regulated investment companies registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, any common trust fund or collective
investment fund of T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. qualified under Sections 401
and 501 of the Code, and any other funding vehicle which the Employer permits
under the terms of the Plan. The initial Investment Options under the Plan are
as listed on Exhibit C. The Employer may change the available Investment Options
from time to time, by attaching a new Exhibit C hereto, without the necessity of
amending the Plan.

         1.40  Leased Employee. Any person (other than an Employee of the
recipient) who, pursuant to an agreement between the recipient and any other
person ("leasing organization"), has performed services for the recipient (or
for the recipient and related persons determined in accordance with Section
414(n)(6) of the Code) on a substantially full time basis for a period of at
least one (1) year, and such services are performed under primary direction by
the recipient employer.

         Any Leased Employee shall be treated as an Employee of the recipient
Employer. However, contributions or benefits provided by the leasing
organization which are attributable to Service performed for the recipient
Employer shall be treated as provided by the recipient Employer. The preceding
sentence shall not apply to any Leased Employee if Leased Employees do not
constitute more than twenty percent (20%) of the Employer's non-highly
compensated force and, if such Employee is covered by a money purchase pension
plan providing: (a) a nonintegrated Employer contribution rate of at least ten
percent (10%) of Compensation as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, but
including amounts contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary reduction
agreement which are excludible from the Employee's gross income under Section
125, 402(e)(3), 402(h)(1)(B) or 403(b) of the Code, (b) full and immediate
vesting, and (c) each employee of the leasing organization (other than employees
who perform substantially all of their services for the leasing organization)
immediately participate in the plan. Item (c) shall not apply to any individual
whose compensation from the leasing organization in each Plan Year during the
4-year period ending with the Plan Year is less than $1,000.

         1.41  Matching Contributions. Contributions to the Plan made by the
Employer and allocated to a Participant's account by reason of the
Participant's Elective Deferrals.

         1.42  Net Profits.  Current and accumulated earnings of the Employer,
before federal and state taxes and contributions to this Plan or any other
qualified plan.

         1.43  Non-Highly Compensated Employee. An Employee of the Employer
who is neither a Highly Compensated Employee nor a Family Member.

         1.44  Normal Retirement Age.  Age fifty-five (55).

         1.45  Normal Retirement Date. The date on which a Participant attains
age fifty-five (55).

         1.46  Owner-Employee.  A sole proprietor, if the Employer is a sole
proprietorship, or a partner who owns either more than ten percent (10%) of the
capital interests or more than ten percent (10%) of the profits interest, if the
Employer is a partnership.

         1.47  Participant. Any Covered Employee of the Employer who has met the
eligibility requirements as specified in Article II.

         1.48  Participating Employer.  Any Affiliated Employer other than:

                           Spectra Communications Group, L.L.C.
                           Telephone USA of Wisconsin, L.L.C.
                           CenturyTel Security Systems, Inc.

         1.49  Plan. The retirement plan set forth herein as amended from time
to time.


         1.50  Plan Year.  The calendar year.


         1.51  Predecessor Plans.  Plans which were merged, in whole or in
part, into the Plan, which were:

               (a)   San Marcos Telephone Company, Inc. and SM Telecorp
         Companies Retirement Plan, a qualified profit sharing plan, as
         described in Code Section 401(a), which included a qualified cash or
         deferred arrangement, as described in Code Section 401(k), merged, in
         whole, into the Plan effective July 1, 1993; and

               (b)   PacifiCorp K Plus Employee Savings Plan, a qualified
         profit sharing plan, as described in Code Section 401(a), which
         included a qualified cash or deferred arrangement, as described in Code
         Section 401(k), merged, in part, into the Plan effective January 10,
         1998.

         1.52  Prior Match Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit which consists of amounts transferred from the Predecessor Plans as
set forth on Exhibit A.

         1.53  Qualified Matching Contribution Account.  The portion of a
Participant's  Accrued Benefit which consists of Qualified Matching
Contributions made to the Plan for the Plan Year by the Employer.

         1.54  Qualified Matching Contributions. Matching Contributions made by
the Employer and allocated to the Participant's account that the Participant may
not elect to receive in cash until distributed from the Plan, which are fully
vested when made, which are subject to the distribution restrictions as provided
in Article VI of this Plan, and which the Employer elects to treat as Qualified
Matching Contributions.


         1.55  Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account.  The portion of a
Participant's  Accrued Benefit which consists of Qualified Non-Elective
Contributions made to the Plan for the Plan Year by the Employer.

         1.56  Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. Contributions (other than
Matching Contributions) made by the Employer and allocated to the Participant's
account that the Participant may not elect to receive in cash until distributed
from the Plan, which are fully vested when made, which are subject to the
distribution restrictions as provided in Article VI of said Plan, and which the
Employer elects to treat as Qualified Non-Elective Contributions.

         1.57  Rollover/Transfer Account. The portion of a Participant's Accrued
Benefit established in accordance with Section 3.5 of the Plan.

         1.58  Self-Employed Individual. An individual who has Earned Income for
the taxable year from the trade, business or partnership with respect to which
the Plan is established; also, an individual who would have had Earned Income
but for the fact the trade, business or partnership had no Net Profits for the
taxable year.

         1.59  Sponsor.  The Sponsor of this Plan shall be CenturyTel, Inc..

         1.60  Trust Agreement.  The agreement between the Employer and the
Trustee under which the assets of the Plan are held, administered and managed.

         1.61  Trustee.  The individual or corporate Trustee or Trustees under
the Trust Agreement as they may be constituted from time to time.

         1.62  Valuation Date.  The last day of each Plan Year and such other
dates as may be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan.

         1.63  Voluntary After-Tax Account. That portion of a Participant's
Accrued Benefit attributable to amounts transferred from the Predecessor Plans
as set forth on Exhibit A.

                                   ARTICLE II

                          ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

         2.1   Active Participation.  Each Covered Employee shall be eligible
to participate in the Plan on the Entry Date coincident with or following the
date of employment of such Covered Employee.

         2.2   Exclusion of Certain Employees.  The following Employees are
excluded from participation in the Plan:

               (a)   Employees whose compensation and conditions of employment
         are covered by a collective bargaining agreement to which the Employer
         is a party unless the agreement calls for the Employee's participation
         in the Plan;

               (b)   Temporary Employees hired specifically to fill temporary
         or occasional needs;

               (c)   Employees who are non-resident aliens and who receive no
         Earned Income from the Employer which constitutes income from sources
         within the United States; and

               (d)   Employees of any Affiliated Employer which is not a
         Participating Employer under the Plan.

         In the event an Employee who is not a member of the eligible class of
Employees becomes a member of the eligible class, such Employee shall be
eligible to participate immediately.

         In the event a Participant is no longer a member of an eligible class
of Employees and becomes ineligible to participate, such Employee shall be
eligible to participate immediately upon returning to an eligible class of
Employees.

         2.3   Re-employment. A former Participant shall become a Participant
immediately upon returning to the employ of the Employer if such former
Participant is a member of the eligible class of Employees when re-employed.

         2.4   Waiver of Participation. The Employer may grant a waiver of
participation to any Employee who so requests. Whether or not such waiver shall
be granted, and the terms and conditions (including duration) thereof, shall be
made in accordance with written and objective rules and shall be applied in a
uniform and nondiscriminatory manner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
Employee who has met the Plan's eligibility requirements shall be considered an
"Eligible Participant" for purposes of Sections 3.7 and 3.8 of the Plan.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                  CONTRIBUTIONS

         3.1   Elective Deferral Contributions.  Subject to the limitation on
Annual Additions as described in Article V of the Plan, for any Plan Year:

               (a)   Participant Election. A Participant may elect to defer, in
         the form of Employer contributions to the Plan on his behalf,
         Compensation that would otherwise be paid to him but for the deferral
         of such Compensation, in an amount expressed as a whole percentage from
         one percent (1%) to sixteen percent (16%) of his Compensation as he
         shall elect in writing on a form prescribed by the Employer. The
         Employer may change from time to time, in writing, without the
         necessity of amending the Plan, the minimum and maximum percentages of
         Compensation that a Participant can elect to defer hereunder. Such
         salary deferral contributions shall be accomplished through the direct
         reduction of Compensation in each payroll period during which the
         election is in effect. A Participant may elect to increase, decrease or
         discontinue his salary deferral contributions by submitting a written
         request to the Employer on a form prescribed by the Employer.

               The Employer shall pay to the Trustee all salary deferral
         contributions no later than fifteen (15) days after the end of the
         month which includes the last day of the payroll period for which such
         contributions were deducted. A separate account shall be established
         for each Participant and such Participant's salary deferral
         contributions, as adjusted for withdrawals thereof, investment gain and
         losses, and income or expenses, shall be credited to such account. A
         Participant shall at all times have a nonforfeitable interest in his
         Elective Deferral Account.

               (b)   Elective Deferrals. With respect to any taxable year, a
         Participant's Elective Deferrals are the sum of all Employer
         contributions made on behalf of such Participant pursuant to an
         election to defer under any qualified CODA as described in Section
         401(k) of the Code, any simplified employee pension or cash or deferred
         arrangement as described in Section 408(k)(b) of the Code, any SIMPLE
         IRA plan described in Section 408(p) of the Code, any eligible deferred
         compensation plan under Section 457 of the Code, any plan described
         under Section 501(c)(18) of the Code, and any Employer contributions
         made on the behalf of Participant for the purchase of an annuity
         contract under Section 403(b) of the Code pursuant to a salary
         reduction agreement. Elective Deferrals shall not include any deferrals
         properly distributed as excess Annual Additions.

               (c)   Limitation on Elective Deferrals. No Participant shall be
         permitted to have Elective Deferrals made under this Plan, or any other
         qualified plan maintained by the Employer, during any taxable year, in
         excess of the dollar limitation contained in Section 402(g) of the Code
         in effect at the beginning of such taxable year. Notwithstanding any
         other provisions of the Plan, the Employer may distribute to the
         Participant, not later than April 15 following the calendar year to
         which the deferral is attributable, any deferral in excess of the
         aforesaid limit together with any income (or minus any loss) allocable
         thereto. A Participant is deemed to notify the Plan Administrator of
         any Excess Elective Deferrals that arise by taking into account only
         those Elective Deferrals made to this Plan and any other plans of this
         Employer. Excess Deferrals that are distributed after April 15 are
         includible in the Participant's gross income in both the taxable year
         in which deferred and the taxable year in which distributed. The
         Employer may also distribute to the Participant any deferrals, together
         with any income allocable thereto which the Participant has advised the
         Employer (in writing by March 1) represent excess deferrals because of
         amounts deferred by the Participant during the preceding calendar year
         under any other plans or arrangements described in Section 401(i),
         408(k) or 403(b) of the Code.

               For purposes of the above, "Excess Elective Deferrals" shall
         mean those Elective Deferrals that are includible in a Participant's
         gross income under Section 402(g) of the Code to the extent such
         Participant's Elective Deferrals for a taxable year exceed the dollar
         limitation under such Code section. Excess Elective Deferrals shall be
         treated as Annual Additions under the Plan, unless such amounts are
         distributed no later than the first April 15 following the close of
         Participant's taxable year.

               Determination of income or loss: Excess Elective Deferrals
         shall be adjusted for any income or loss. The income or loss allocable
         to Excess Elective Deferrals is the income or loss allocable to the
         Participant's Elective Deferral Account for the taxable year multiplied
         by a fraction, the numerator of which is such Participant's Excess
         Elective Deferrals for the year and the denominator is the
         Participant's account balance attributable to Elective Deferrals
         without regard to any income or loss occurring during such taxable
         year.

         3.2   Employer Contributions.

               (a)   Employer Match Contributions. Subject to the limitation on
         Annual Additions as described in Article V of the Plan, for any Plan
         Year, the Employer shall contribute to the Plan on behalf of each
         eligible Participant in the form of a Matching Contribution, an amount
         equal to a percentage of such Participant's Elective Deferral
         Contributions as established by the Employer. The Employer Match
         Contribution to be made by the Employer for each period shall be equal
         to fifty-five percent (55%) of each Participant's Elective Deferrals,
         provided that no Employer Match Contribution shall be made based upon a
         Participant's Employee Deferrals in excess of six percent (6%) of his
         Compensation for such period. The percentage matching rate and
         percentage of considered Compensation as stated in the preceding
         sentence shall continue in effect until otherwise changed by resolution
         of the Employer's Board of Directors. Matching Contributions made on
         behalf of a Participant, as adjusted for withdrawals thereof,
         investment gain and losses, and income or expenses, shall be credited
         to such Participant's Employer Match Account. Any Matching
         Contributions made under this Section 3.2(a) on behalf of a Participant
         during the Plan Year, which are attributable to Excess Deferrals, shall
         be deemed forfeited.

         Employer Match Contributions shall be fully vested at all times.

               (b)   Additional Match Contributions. Subject to the limitation
         on Annual Additions as described in Article V of the Plan, for any Plan
         Year, the Employer may make an additional Matching Contribution to the
         Plan in such amount as the Employer may, in its discretion, determine.
         Any such Additional Match Contribution shall be made on behalf of each
         eligible Participant who was an Active Participant in the Plan at any
         time during the Plan for the Plan Year and who was an Employee on the
         last day of the Plan Year, and shall be allocated to each such eligible
         Participant's Additional Match Account in the same proportion as the
         Employer Match Contributions on behalf of such Participant bears to the
         Employer Match Contributions on behalf of all Participants. Additional
         Match Contributions made on behalf of a Participant, as adjusted for
         withdrawals thereof, investment gain and losses, and income or
         expenses, shall be credited to such Participant's Additional Match
         Account.

         Additional Match Contributions shall be fully vested at all times.

               (c)   Payment. All Employer contributions made pursuant to this
         Section 3.2 of the Plan shall become due on the last day in such Plan
         Year, unless actually paid prior thereto. The Employer shall pay to the
         Trustee all Employer contributions not later than the due date
         (including extensions) of the Employer's federal income tax return for
         the taxable year ending with or within the Plan Year.

               (d)   Qualified Matching Contributions. The Employer may make
         Qualified Matching Contributions to the Plan. A separate account shall
         be established for that portion of a Participant's Accrued Benefit
         attributable to such Qualified Matching Contributions and such account
         shall be adjusted for withdrawals thereof, and investment gain and
         losses and income or expenses allocable thereto. A Participant shall at
         all times have a nonforfeitable interest in his Qualified Matching
         Contributions Account.

               The Employer shall pay to the Trustee all Qualified Matching
         Contributions no later than thirty (30) days after the close of the
         Plan Year for which such contributions are deemed to be made, or such
         other time as provided in applicable regulations under the Code.

         3.3   Contribution Limitation. The Employer shall make all
contributions to the Plan without regard to current or accumulated  earnings and
profits for the taxable year or years ending with or within such Plan Year.  Not
withstanding the foregoing, the Plan shall continue to be designed to qualify as
a profit sharing plan for purposes of Sections 401(a),  402 and 417 of the Code.
In no event shall Employer contributions in the aggregate exceed fifteen percent
(15%) of all  Participants'  compensation as reportable on the Participants' IRS
Form W-2 or such greater amount deductible for federal income tax purposes under
Section 404 of the Code.

         3.4   Payroll Taxes. The Employer shall withhold from the Compensation
of each Participant, any FICA or other payroll taxes as the Employer determines
necessary with respect to salary deferral contributions.

         3.5   Rollovers and Transfers.

               (a)   A Covered Employee may pay over to the Trust an amount
         which constitutes a qualified rollover contribution under Section
         402(c) or 408(d)(3) of the Code.

               (b)   The Trustee may accept a direct transfer of funds,
         pursuant to Section 401(a)(31) of the Code from a plan which the
         Trustee reasonably believes to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
         Code, in which a Covered Employee was a Participant.

               (c)   The Trustee may accept a transfer of funds from the ESOP
         pursuant to diversification elections of Participants under Section
         401(a)(28) of the Code.

               (d)   Any such rollover or transfer to the Plan shall constitute
         a part of the Covered Employee's Accrued Benefit under the Plan, shall
         be accounted for separately and shall be fully vested at all times.

         3.6   Average Actual Deferral Percentage Test Under Section 401(k) of
the Code.

               (a)   General Tests. Notwithstanding any other provisions in the
         Plan, for any Plan Year, the Employer shall be permitted to limit the
         amount which may be deferred by any Highly Compensated Employee (as
         defined in Article I of the Plan) to the extent necessary to ensure
         that the Plan satisfies one of the following tests:

                     (i)   The Average Actual Deferral Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for
               the Plan Year shall not exceed the Average Actual Deferral
               Percentage for Eligible Participants who are Non-Highly
               Compensated Employees for the Plan Year multiplied by 1.25; or

                     (ii)  the Average Actual Deferral Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for
               the Plan Year shall not exceed the Average Actual Deferral
               Percentage for Eligible Participants who are Non-Highly
               Compensated Employees for the Plan Year multiplied by two (2),
               provided that the Average Actual Deferral Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees
               does not exceed the Average Actual Deferral Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Non-Highly Compensated Employees
               by more than two (2) percentage points.

               (b)   Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3.6 of the Plan,
         the following definitions shall apply:


                     (i)   Actual Deferral Percentage (ADP) shall mean, for
               a specified group of Participants for a Plan Year, the average
               of the ratio (calculated separated for each Participant in
               such group) of (1) the amount of Employer contributions
               actually paid over to the Trust on behalf of such Participant
               for the Plan Year to (2) the Compensation of the Participant
               while a Participant during such Plan Year. Employer
               contributions on behalf of any Participant shall include: (1)
               any Elective Deferrals made pursuant to the Participant's
               deferral election (including Excess Elective Deferrals of
               Highly Compensated Employees), but excluding (a) Excess
               Elective Deferrals of Non-Highly Compensated Employees that
               arise solely from Elective Deferrals made under the Plan or
               plans, of this Employer, and (b) Elective Deferrals that are
               taken into account in the Contribution Percentage Test
               (provided the ADP test is satisfied both with and without
               exclusion of these Elective Deferrals); and (2) at the
               election of the Employer, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions
               and Qualified Matching Contributions. For purposes of
               computing Actual Deferral Percentages, an Employee who would
               be a Participant but for the failure to make Elective
               Deferrals shall be treated as a Participant on whose behalf no
               Elective Deferrals are made.

                     (ii)  Average Actual Deferral Percentage shall mean
               the average (expressed as a percentage) of the Actual Deferral
               Percentages of the Eligible Participants in a group of either
               Highly Compensated Employees or Non-Highly Compensated
               Employees.

                     (iii) Eligible Participant shall mean any Employee of
               the Employer who is otherwise eligible under the Plan to have
               Elective Deferrals or Qualified Non-Elective Contributions
               allocated to his account for the Plan Year.

               (c)   Special Rules.  The following special rules shall apply for
         purposes of this Section 3.6:

                     (i)   A Participant is a Highly Compensated Employee
               for a particular Plan Year if he or she meets the definition
               of a Highly Compensated Employee in effect for that Plan Year.
               Similarly, a Participant is a Non-Highly Compensated Employee
               for a particular Plan Year if he or she does not meet the
               definition of a Highly Compensated Employee in effect for that
               Plan Year.

                     (ii)  The Actual Deferral Percentage for any Eligible
               Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee for the Plan
               Year and who is eligible to have Elective Deferrals or
               Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching
               Contributions allocated to his account under two or more
               plans, or arrangements, described in Section 401(k) of the
               Code that are maintained by the Employer or an Affiliated
               Employer shall be determined as if all such Elective
               Deferrals, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and Qualified
               Matching Contributions were made under a single arrangement.
               If a Highly Compensated Employee participates in two or more
               cash or deferred arrangements that have different Plan Years,
               all cash or deferred arrangements ending with or within the
               same calendar year shall be treated as a single arrangement.
               Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain plans will be treated
               as separate if mandatorily disaggregated under regulations
               under Section 401(k) of the Code.

                     (iii) For purposes of determining the ADP test,
               Elective Deferrals, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions and
               Qualified Matching Contributions must be made before the last
               day of the 12-month period immediately following the Plan Year
               to which contributions relate.

                     (iv)  The Employer shall maintain records sufficient
               to demonstrate satisfaction of the ADP test and the amount of
               Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching
               Contributions, or both, used in such test.

                     (v)   The determination and treatment of the Elective
               Deferrals, Qualified Non-Elective Contributions, Qualified
               Matching Contributions and Actual Deferral Percentage of any
               Participant shall satisfy such other requirements as may be
               prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.

                     (vi)  In the event that this Plan satisfies the
               requirements of Section 401(k), 401(a)(4) or 410(b) of the
               Code only if aggregated with one or more other plans, or if
               one or more other plans satisfy the requirements of such
               sections of the Code only if aggregated with this Plan, then
               this Section shall be applied by determining the ADP of
               Employees as if all such plans were a single plan. Plans may
               be aggregated in order to satisfy Section 401(k) of the Code
               only if they have the same Plan Year and use the same ADP
               testing method.

               (d)   Distribution of Excess Contributions. Notwithstanding any
         other provisions of this Plan, Excess Contributions, plus any income
         and minus any loss allocable thereto, shall be distributed no later
         than the last day of each Plan Year to Participants to whose accounts
         such Excess Contributions were allocated for the preceding Plan Year.
         If such excess amounts are distributed more than 2 1/2 months after the
         last day of the Plan Year in which such excess amounts arose, a ten
         percent (10%) excise tax will be imposed on the Employer maintaining
         the Plan with respect to such amounts. Excess Contributions are
         allocated to the Highly Compensated Employees with the largest amounts
         of Employer contributions taken into account in calculating the ADP
         test for the year in which the excess arose, beginning with the Highly
         Compensated Employee with the largest amount of such Employer
         contributions and continuing in descending order until all the Excess
         Contributions have been allocated. For purposes of the preceding
         sentence, the "largest amount" is determined after distribution of any
         Excess Contributions.

               Excess Contributions (including the amounts recharacterized)
         shall be treated as Annual Additions under the Plan.

               Determination of Income or Loss: Excess Contributions shall be
         adjusted for any income or loss up to the date of distribution. The
         income or loss allocable to Excess Contributions allocated to each
         Participant is the income or loss allocable to the Participant's
         Elective Deferral Account (and, if applicable, the Qualified
         Non-Elective Contribution Account or the Qualified Matching
         Contribution Account or both) for the Plan Year up to the date of
         distribution multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is such
         Participant's Excess Contributions for the year and the denominator is
         the Participant's account balance attributable to Elective Deferrals
         (and Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching
         Contributions, or both, if any of such contributions are included in
         the ADP test) without regard to any income or loss occurring during
         such Plan Year.

               Accounting for Excess Contributions: Excess Contributions
         allocated to a Participant shall be distributed from the Participant's
         Elective Deferral Account and Qualified Matching Contribution Account
         (if applicable) in proportion to the Participant's Elective Deferrals
         and Qualified Matching Contributions (to the extent used in the ADP
         test) for the Plan Year. Excess Contributions shall be distributed from
         the Participant's Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account only to
         the extent that such Excess Contributions exceed the balance in the
         Participant's Elective Deferral Account and Qualified Matching
         Contribution Account.

               For purposes of this Section, "Excess Contributions" shall
         mean, with respect to any Plan Year, the excess of:

                     (i)   The aggregate amount of Employer Contributions
               actually taken into account in computing the ADP of Highly
               Compensated Employees for such Plan Year, over

                     (ii)  The maximum amount of such contributions
               permitted by the ADP test (determined by hypothetically
               reducing contributions made on behalf of Highly Compensated
               Employees in order of the ADPs, beginning with the highest of
               such percentages).

               (e)   Qualified Non-Elective Contributions. In lieu of
         distributing Excess Contributions as provided in Section 3.6(d) above,
         the Employer may make Qualified Non-Elective Contributions on behalf of
         Employees that are sufficient to satisfy the Actual Deferral Percentage
         test. In addition, in lieu of distributing Excess Aggregate
         Contributions as provided in Section 3.7 of the Plan, the Employer may
         make Qualified Non-Elective Contributions on behalf of Non-Highly
         Compensated Employees that are sufficient to satisfy either the Actual
         Deferral Percentage test or the Average Contribution Percentage test,
         or both, pursuant to regulations under the Code.

               For purposes of this Section, "Qualified Non-Elective
         Contributions" shall mean contributions (other than Matching
         Contributions or Qualified Matching Contributions) made by the Employer
         and allocated to Participant's accounts that the Participant may not
         elect to receive in cash until distributed from the Plan, that are
         fully vested when made and that are distributable only in accordance
         with the distribution provisions that are applicable to Elective
         Deferrals and Qualified Matching Contributions.

         3.7   Limitations on Employee Contributions and Employer
Matching Contributions.

               (a)   General Tests. Notwithstanding any other provisions in the
         Plan, for any Plan Year, the Employer shall be permitted to limit the
         contributions, as described in Section 3.2 of the Plan, for any Highly
         Compensated Employee to the extent necessary to ensure that the Plan
         satisfies one of the following tests:

                     (i)   the Average Contribution Percentage for Eligible
               Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan
               Year shall not exceed the Average Contribution Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Non-Highly Compensated Employees
               for the Plan Year multiplied by 1.25; or

                     (ii)  the Average Contribution Percentage for Eligible
               Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan
               Year shall not exceed the Average Contribution Percentage for
               Eligible Participants who are Non-Highly Compensated Employees
               for the Plan Year multiplied by two (2), provided that the
               Average Contribution Percentage for Eligible Participants who
               are Highly Compensated Employees does not exceed the Average
               Contribution Percentage for Eligible Participants who are
               Non-Highly Compensated Employees by more than two (2)
               percentage points.

               (b)   Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3.7 of the Plan,
         the following definitions shall apply:

                     (i)   Average Contribution Percentage (ACP) shall mean
               the average (expressed as a percentage) of the Contribution
               Percentages of the Eligible Participants in a group.

                     (ii)  Contribution Percentage shall mean the ratio
               (expressed as a percentage) of the Participant's Contribution
               Percentage Amounts to the Compensation of the Participant
               while a Participant during the Plan Year.

                     (iii) Eligible Participant shall mean any Employee
               who is eligible to make Employee Contributions or an Elective
               Deferral (if the Employer takes such contributions into
               account in the calculation of the Contribution Percentage) or
               to receive a Matching Contribution (including forfeitures) or
               a Qualified Matching Contribution. If an Employee Contribution
               is required as a condition of participation in the Plan, any
               Employee who would be a Participant in the Plan if such
               Employee made such a contribution shall be treated as an
               Eligible Participant on behalf of whom no Employee
               Contributions were made.

                     (iv)  Aggregate Limit shall mean the sum of (1) 125%
               of the greater of the Average Deferral Percentage of the
               Non-Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year or the
               Average Contribution Percentage of Non-Highly Compensated
               Employees under the Plan subject to Section 401(m) of the Code
               for the Plan Year beginning with or within the Plan Year of
               the CODA and (2) the lesser of 200% or two plus the lesser of
               such Average Deferral Percentage or Average Contribution
               Percentage.

                     (v)   Contribution Percentage Amounts shall mean the
               sum of the Employee Contributions, Matching Contributions and
               Qualified Matching Contributions (to the extent not taken into
               account for purposes of the Average Deferral Percentage test)
               made under the Plan on behalf of the Participant for the Plan
               Year. Such Contribution Percentage Amounts shall not include
               Matching Contributions that are forfeited either to correct
               Excess Aggregate Contributions or because the contributions to
               which they relate are Excess Deferrals, Excess Contributions
               or Excess Aggregate Contributions. The Employer may include
               Qualified Non-Elective Contributions in the Contribution
               Percentage Amounts. The Employer also may elect to use
               Elective Deferrals in the Contribution Percentage Amounts so
               long as the Average Deferral Percentage test is met before the
               Elective Deferrals are used in the Actual Deferral Percentage
               test and continues to be met following the exclusion of those
               Elective Deferrals that are used to meet the Actual Deferral
               Percentage test.

                     (vi)  Employee Contribution shall mean any
               contribution made to the plan by or on behalf of a Participant
               that is included in the Participant's gross income in the year
               in which made and that is maintained under a separate account
               to which earnings and losses are allocated.

                     (vii) Matching Contribution shall mean an Employer
               contribution made to this or any other defined contribution
               plan on behalf of a Participant on account of an Employee
               Contribution made by such Participant, or on account of a
               Participant's Elective Deferral, under a plan maintained by
               the Employer.

               (c)   Special Rules. The following special rules shall apply for
         purposes of this Section 3.7:

                     (i)   A Participant is a Highly Compensated Employee
               for a particular Plan Year if he or she meets the definition
               of a Highly Compensated Employee in effect for that Plan Year.
               Similarly, a Participant is a Non-Highly Compensated Employee
               for a particular Plan Year if he or she does not meet the
               definition of a Highly Compensated Employee in effect for that
               Plan Year.

                     (ii)  For purposes of this Section, the Contribution
               Percentage for any Eligible Participant who is a Highly
               Compensated Employee for the Plan Year and who is eligible to
               have Contribution Percentage Amounts allocated to his or her
               account under two or more plans described in Section 401(a) of
               the Code or arrangements described in Section 401(k) of the
               Code that are maintained by the Employer or an Affiliated
               Employer shall be determined as if the total of such
               Contribution Percentage Amounts was made under each plan. If a
               Highly Compensated Employee participates in two or more cash
               or deferred arrangements that have different Plan Years, all
               cash or deferred arrangements ending with or within the same
               calendar year shall be treated as a single arrangement.
               Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain plans shall be treated
               as separate if mandatorily disaggregated under regulations
               under Section 401(m) of the Code.

                     (iii) In the event that this Plan satisfies the
               requirements of Section 401(m), 401(a)(4) or 410(b) of the
               Code only if aggregated with one or more other plans, or if
               one or more other plans satisfy the requirements of Section
               401(b) of the Code only if aggregated with this Plan, then
               this Section 3.7 of the Plan shall be applied by determining
               the contribution percentages of Eligible Participants as if
               all such plans were a single plan. Plans may be aggregated in
               order to satisfy Section 401(m) of the Code only if they have
               the same Plan Year and use the same ACP testing method.

                     (iv)  Multiple Use: If one or more Highly Compensated
               Employees participate in both a CODA and a plan subject to the
               Average Contribution Percentage test maintained by the
               Employer and the sum of the Average Deferral Percentage and
               Average Contribution Percentage of those Highly Compensated
               Employees subject to either or both test exceeds the Aggregate
               Limit, then the Average Contribution Percentage of those
               Highly Compensated Employees who also participate in a CODA
               will be reduced (beginning with such Highly Compensated
               Employee whose Average Contribution Percentage is the highest)
               so that the limit is not exceeded. The amount by which each
               Highly Compensated Employee's Contribution Percentage Amounts
               is reduced shall be treated as an Excess Aggregate
               Contribution. The Average Deferral Percentage and Average
               Contribution Percentage of the Highly Compensated Employees
               are determined after any corrections required to meet the
               Average Deferral Percentage and Average Contribution
               Percentage tests. Multiple use does not occur if both the
               Average Deferral Percentage and Average Contribution
               Percentage of the Highly Compensated Employees does not exceed
               1.25 multiplied by the Average Deferral Percentage and Average
               Contribution Percentage of the Non-Highly Compensated
               Employees.

                     (v)   For purposes of determining the Contribution
               Percentage test, Employee Contributions are considered to have
               been made in the Plan Year in which contributed to the Trust.
               Matching Contributions and Qualified Non-Elective
               Contributions will be considered made for a Plan Year if made
               no later than the end of the twelve-month period beginning on
               the day after the close of the Plan Year.

                     (vi)  The Employer shall maintain records sufficient
               to demonstrate satisfaction of the ACP test and the amount of
               Qualified Non-Elective Contributions or Qualified Matching
               Contributions, or both, used in such test.

                     (vii) The determination and treatment of the
               Contribution Percentage of any Participant shall satisfy such
               other requirements as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
               the Treasury.


               (d)   Distribution of Excess Aggregate Contributions.
         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Excess Aggregate
         Contributions, plus any income and minus any loss allocable thereto,
         shall be forfeited, if forfeitable, or if not forfeitable, distributed
         no later than the last day of each Plan Year to Participants to whose
         accounts such Excess Aggregate Contributions were allocated for the
         preceding Plan Year. Excess Aggregate Contributions are allocated to
         the Highly Compensated Employees with the largest Contribution
         Percentage Amounts taken into account in calculating the ACP test for
         the year in which the excess arose, beginning with the Highly
         Compensated Employee with the largest amount of such Contribution
         Percentage Amounts and continuing in descending order until all the
         Excess Aggregate Contributions have been allocated. For purposes of the
         preceding sentence, the "largest amount" is determined after
         distribution of any Excess Aggregate Contributions. If such Excess
         Aggregate Contributions are distributed more than 2 1/2 months after
         the last day of the Plan Year in which such excess amounts arose, a ten
         percent (10%) excise tax will be imposed on the Employer maintaining
         the Plan with respect to those amounts. Excess Aggregate Contributions
         shall be treated as Annual Additions under the Plan.

               Determination of Income or Loss: Excess Aggregate
         Contributions shall be adjusted for any income or loss up to the date
         of distribution. The income or loss allocable to Excess Aggregate
         Contributions allocated to each Participant is the income or loss
         allocable to the Participant's Matching Contribution Account, Qualified
         Matching Contribution Account (if any, and if all amounts therein are
         not used in the ADP test) and, if applicable, Qualified Non-Elective
         Contribution Account and Elective Deferral Account for the Plan Year up
         to the date of distribution multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
         which is such Participant's Excess Aggregate Contributions for the year
         and the denominator is the Participant's account balance(s)
         attributable to Contribution Percentage Amounts without regard to any
         income or loss occurring during such Plan Year.

               Forfeitures of Excess Aggregate Contributions: Forfeitures of
         Excess Aggregate Contributions shall be applied to reduce Employer
         contributions.

               Accounting for Excess Aggregate Contributions: Excess
         Aggregate Contributions allocated to a Participant shall be forfeited,
         if forfeitable, or distributed on a pro rata basis from the Matching
         Contribution Account and Qualified Matching Contribution Account (and,
         if applicable, the Participant's Qualified Non-Elective Contribution
         Account or Elective Deferral Account, or both).

               For purposes of this Section, "Excess Aggregate Contributions"
         shall mean, with respect to any Plan Year, the excess of:

                     (i)   The aggregate Contribution Percentage Amounts
               taken into account in computing the numerator of the
               Contribution Percentage actually made on behalf of Highly
               Compensated Employees for such Plan Year, over

                     (ii)  The maximum Contribution Percentage Amounts
               permitted by the ACP test (determined by hypothetically
               reducing contributions made on behalf of Highly Compensated
               Employees in order of their Contribution Percentages beginning
               with the highest of such percentages).

               Such determination shall be made after first determining
         Excess Elective Deferrals pursuant to Section 3.1 and then determining
Excess Contributions pursuant to Section 3.6.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                               ALLOCATION OF FUNDS

         4.1   Allocation of Employer Contributions. Employer Match
Contributions  made pursuant to Section 3.2(a) of the Plan shall be allocated to
the Employer Match Accounts of the Participants for whom such  contributions are
made.  Additional Match  Contributions  made pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Plan
shall be allocated to the Additional Match Accounts of the Participants for whom
such contributions are made.

         4.2   Allocation of Net Earnings or Losses of the Trust. Subject to the
provisions of Section 3.1 of the Trust Agreement, as of each Valuation Date, the
net earnings or losses of the Trust, including capital gains and losses whether
or not realized, since the preceding Valuation Date shall be allocated to the
Accrued Benefit of all Participants (or Beneficiaries) in accordance with the
ratio which the Accrued Benefit of each Participant bears to the aggregate of
all such Accrued Benefits; provided, however, that earnings or losses of
accounts for which Participants direct investment shall be specifically
allocated to such accounts.

         4.3   Valuations. In determining the earnings or losses of the Trust,
as of each Valuation Date the Trust shall be valued at fair market value.

         4.4   Accounting for Distributions.  All withdrawals of Participant
contributions, all distributions made to a Participant or his Beneficiary, and
any transfers to another qualified plan shall be charged to the appropriate
subaccount of the Participant's Accrued Benefit.

         4.5   Separate Accounts. A separate account shall be established and
maintained to reflect the Accrued Benefit for each Participant, with subaccounts
to separately show the division described in Section 1.1 of the Plan.

         4.6   Investment of Funds.

               (a)   Investment Control. Subject to the provisions of
         subsections (b), (c), (d) and (e) below, and only to the extent
         accepted by the Trustee, the management and control of the Trust shall
         be vested in the Trustee.

               (b)   Investment Limitations. The Trustee shall invest all funds
         received from the Employer and all Fund earnings in the Investment
         Options in the manner from time to time directed in writing by the
         Employer.

               (c)   Participant Directed Investments.

                     (i)   Participants, subject to such reasonable
                  restrictions  as the  Employer  or  Sponsor  may  impose for
                  administrative convenience, may designate what percentage of
                  all contributions  other than Employer Match  Contributions,
                  and  all  accounts  other  than  Employer  Match   Accounts,
                  Additional    Match   Accounts   and   Qualified    Matching
                  Contribution  Accounts  will be invested  in the  Investment
                  Options.

                     (ii)  Employer Match Contributions, Employer Match
                  Accounts, Additional Match Accounts, and Qualified Matching
                  Contribution Accounts shall be invested entirely in Company
                  Stock; provided, however, that a Participant who has attained
                  age fifty-five (55) may direct the investment of the balances
                  in such accounts.

               (d)   Participant Election. If a Participant does not make a
         written designation of an Investment Option, the Employer shall direct
         the Trustee to invest all amounts held or received on account of such
         Participant in the Investment Option which in the opinion of the
         Employer best protects principal.

               (e)   Employer Securities. Participants may direct that
         contributions will be invested in Qualifying Employer Securities
         (within the meaning of Section 407(d)(5) of ERISA), subject to such
         restrictions as the Employer or the Trustee may impose for
         administrative convenience or legal compliance. Participants must
         provide such directions in a form satisfactory to the Trustee.

               (f)   Facilitation.  Notwithstanding any instruction from any
         Participant for investment of funds in an Investment Option as provided
         for herein, the Trustee shall have the right to hold uninvested any
         amounts intended for investment until such time as investment may be
         made in accordance with subsection (b), (c) or (e) above and the Trust
         Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE V

                            LIMITATION ON ALLOCATIONS

         5.1   Participants Not Covered Under Other Plans.

               (a)   If the Participant does not participate in, and has never
         participated in another qualified plan maintained by the Employer, or a
         welfare benefit fund (as defined in Section 419(e) of the Code)
         maintained by the Employer, or an individual medical account (as
         defined in Section 415(1)(2) of the Code), maintained by the Employer,
         which provides an Annual Addition (as defined in Section 5.4 below),
         the amount of Annual Additions which may be credited to the Accrued
         Benefit of the Participant for any Limitation Year shall not exceed the
         lesser of the Maximum Permissible Amount or any other limitation
         contained in this Plan. If contributions for and/or allocations to the
         Accrued Benefit of the Participant would cause the Annual Additions for
         the Limitation Year to exceed the Maximum Permissible Amount, the
         amount contributed or allocated will be reduced so that the Annual
         Additions for the Limitation Year will equal the Maximum Permissible
         Amount.

               (b)   Prior to determining a Participant's actual Compensation
         for the Limitation Year, the Employer may determine the Maximum
         Permissible Amount for the Participant on the basis of a reasonable
         estimation of the Participant's Compensation for the Limitation Year,
         uniformly determined for all participants similarly situated.


               (c)   As soon as is administratively feasible after the end of
         the Limitation Year, the Maximum Permissible Amount for the Limitation
         Year will be determined on the basis of the Participant's actual
         Compensation for the Limitation Year.

               (d)   If, for any Limitation Year the maximum Annual Additions
         is exceeded by reason of allocation of forfeitures, a reasonable error
         in estimating a Participant's Compensation, a reasonable error in
         determining the amount of Elective Deferrals or under other limited
         facts and circumstances approved by the Internal Revenue Service, then,
         any such excess shall be disposed of in the following order:

                     (i)   any non-deductible voluntary employee
               contributions, and any income attributable thereto, to the
               extent they would reduce the excess amount, shall be returned
               to the Participant;

                     (ii)  if after the application of paragraph (i) an
               excess amount still exists, elective deferrals, and any income
               attributable thereto, to the extent they would reduce the
               excess amount, shall be returned to the Participant;

                     (iii) if after the application of paragraph (ii) an
               excess amount still exists, and the Participant is covered by
               the Plan at the end of the Limitation Year, the excess amount
               in the Participant's account shall be used to reduce Employer
               contributions (including any allocation of forfeitures) for
               such Participant in the next Limitation Year, and each
               succeeding Limitation Year, if necessary;

                     (iv)  if after the application of paragraph (ii) an
               excess amount still exists, and the Participant is not covered
               by the Plan at the end of the Limitation Year, the excess
               amount shall be held unallocated in a suspense account. The
               suspense account shall be used to reduce future Employer
               contributions (including allocations of any forfeitures) for
               all remaining Participants in the next Limitation Year, and
               each succeeding Limitation Year if necessary;

                     (v)   if a suspense account is in existence at any time
               during the Limitation Year pursuant to this Section, no
               investment gains or losses or other income may be allocated to
               such suspense account, and amounts held in the account may not
               be distributed to the Participants or Beneficiaries. Any
               balance which may be in the account upon termination of the
               Plan shall revert to the Employer. If a suspense account is in
               existence at any time during a particular Limitation Year, all
               amounts in the suspense account must be allocated and
               reallocated to Participants' accounts before any Employer or
               any Employee contributions may be made to the Plan for that
               Limitation Year. Excess amounts may not be distributed to
               Participants or former Participants.

         5.2   Participants Covered Under Other Defined Contribution Plans.

               (a)   This Section applies if, in addition to this Plan, the
         Participant is covered under another qualified master or prototype
         defined contribution plan maintained by the Employer, a welfare benefit
         fund (as defined in Section 419(e) of the Code) maintained by the
         Employer, or an individual medical account (as defined in Section
         415(1)(2) of the Code) maintained by the Employer, which provides an
         Annual Addition as defined in Section 5.4(a), during any Limitation
         Year. The Annual Additions which may be credited to the Accrued Benefit
         of a Participant under this Plan for any such Limitation Year shall not
         exceed the Maximum Permissible Amount reduced by the Annual Additions
         credited to the Accrued Benefit of a Participant under the other plans
         and welfare benefit funds for the same Limitation Year. If the Annual
         Additions with respect to the Participant under other defined
         contribution plans and welfare funds maintained by the Employer are
         less than the Maximum Permissible Amount and the Employer contributions
         that would otherwise be contributed or allocated to the Accrued Benefit
         of the Participant under this plan would cause the Annual Additions for
         the Limitation Year to exceed the Maximum Permissible Amount, the
         amount contributed or allocated will be reduced to that the Annual
         Additions under all plans and funds for the Limitation Year shall equal
         the Maximum Permissible Amount. If Annual Additions with respect to the
         Participant under such other defined contribution plans and welfare
         benefit funds in the aggregate are equal to or grater than the Maximum
         Permissible Amount, no amount will be contributed or allocated to the
         Accrued Benefit of the Participant under this Plan for the Limitation
         Year.

               (b)   Prior to determining the Participant's actual Compensation
         for the Limitation Year, the Employer may determine the Maximum
         Permissible Amount for a Participant in the manner described in Section
         5.1(b).

               (c)   As soon as administratively feasible after the end of the
         Limitation Year, the Maximum Permissible Amount for the Limitation Year
         shall be determined on the basis of the Participant's actual
         Compensation for the Limitation Year.

               (d)   If pursuant to Section 5.2(c) or as a result of the
         allocation of forfeitures, a Participant's Annual Additions under this
         Plan and such other plans would result in an excess amount for a
         Limitation Year, the excess amount shall be deemed to consist of the
         Annual Additions last allocated, except that Annual Additions
         attributable to a welfare benefit fund or individual medical account
         will be deemed to have been allocated first regardless of the actual
         allocation date.

               (e)   If an excess amount was allocated to a Participant on an
         allocation date of this Plan which coincides with an allocation date of
         another plan, the excess amount attributed to this Plan will be the
         product of:

                     (i)   the total excess amount allocated as of such date,

                     (ii)  the ratio of (1) the Annual Additions allocated
               to the Participant for the Limitation Year as of such date
               under this Plan to (2) the total Annual Additions allocated to
               the Participant for the Limitation Year as of such date under
               this and all the other qualified master or prototype defined
               contributions plans.

               (f)   Any excess amount attributed to this Plan shall be
         disposed of in the manner described in Section 5.1(d).

               (g)   If the Participant is covered under another qualified
         defined contribution plan maintained by the Employer which is not a
         master or prototype plan, Annual Additions which may be credited to the
         Participant's account under this Plan for any Limitation Year will be
         limited in accordance with Sections (a) through (f) above as though the
         other plan were a master or prototype plan.

         5.3   Participants Covered Under Both Defined Benefit and Defined
Contribution Plans. If the Employer maintains, or at any time maintained, a
qualified defined benefit plan covering any Participant in this Plan, the sum of
the Participant's Defined Benefit Fraction and Defined Contribution Fraction
shall not exceed 1.0 in any Limitation Year. If the combined fraction exceeds
1.0 for any Plan Year, the Participant's benefit under any defined benefit plan
(to the extent it has not been distributed or used to purchase an annuity
contract) shall be limited so that the combined fraction does not exceed 1.0
before any defined contribution limits shall be enforced.

         This Section 5.3 shall not apply for Limitation Years beginning on or
after January 1, 2000.

         5.4   Definitions.  For purposes of Section 5.1 through 5.3, the
following definitions shall apply:

               (a)   Annual Additions shall mean the sum of the following
         amounts credited to a Participant's Account for the Limitation Year:

                     (i)   Employer contributions,

                     (ii)  Employee contributions excluding rollovers
               and plan-to-plan transfers under Section 3.5,

                     (iii) forfeitures,

                     (iv)  amounts allocated to an individual medical account,
               as defined in Section 415(1)(2) of the Code, which is part of
               a pension or annuity plan maintained by the Employer, and

                     (v)   amounts derived from contributions which are
               attributable to post-retirement medical benefits,  allocated
               to the  separate  account of a Key  Employee,  as defined in
               Section  419A(d)(3)  of the Code,  under a  welfare  benefit
               fund, as defined in Section  419(e) of the Code,  maintained
               by the Employer.

               For this purpose, any excess amount applied under Section 5.1
         or 5.2 in the Limitation Year to reduce Employer contributions will be
         considered Annual Additions for such Limitation Year.

               (b)   Compensation for purposes of this Article V shall mean a
         Participant's Earned Income, wages, salaries and fees for professional
         services and other amounts received (without regard to whether or not
         an amount is paid in cash) for personal services actually rendered in
         the course of employment with the Employer maintaining the Plan to the
         extent that the amounts are includible in gross income (including, but
         not limited to, commissions paid salesmen, compensation for services on
         the basis of a percentage of profits, commissions on insurance
         premiums, tips, bonuses, fringe benefits, and reimbursements or other
         expense allowances under a nonaccountable plan (as described in
         Regulation Section 1.62-2(c)), and excluding the following:

                     (i)   Employer contributions to a plan of deferred
               compensation which are not includible in the Employee's gross
               income for the taxable year in which contributed, or Employer
               contributions under a simplified employee pension plan to the
               extent such contributions are deductible by the Employee, or
               any distributions from a plan of deferred compensation;

                     (ii)  amounts realized from the exercise of a
               non-qualified stock option, or when restricted stock (or
               property) held by the Employee either becomes freely
               transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of
               forfeiture;

                     (iii) amounts realized from the sale, exchange or
               other disposition of stock acquired under a qualified stock
               option; and

                     (iv)  other amounts which received special tax
               benefits, or contributions made by the Employer (whether or
               not under a salary reduction agreement) towards the purchase
               of an annuity described in Section 403(b) of the Code (whether
               or not the amounts are actually excludible from the gross
               income of the Employee).

               For purposes of applying the limitations of this Article,
         Compensation for a Limitation Year is the Compensation actually paid or
         includible in gross income during such year.

               Notwithstanding the above, Compensation for a Participant who
         is permanently and totally disabled (as defined in Code Section
         22(e)(3)) is the Compensation such Participant would have received for
         the Limitation Year if the Participant had been paid at the rate of
         Compensation paid immediately before becoming permanently and totally
         disabled; for Limitation Years beginning before January 1, 1997, such
         imputed Compensation for the disabled Participant may be taken into
         account only if the Participant is not a Highly Compensated Employee
         (as defined in Section 1.37 of the Plan) and contributions made on
         behalf of such Participant are nonforfeitable when made.

               For purposes of applying the limitations of this Section,
         Compensation paid or made available during such Limitation Year shall
         include any elective deferral (as defined in Code Section 401(g)(3)),
         and any amount which is contributed or deferred by the Employer at the
         election of the Employee and which is not includible in the gross
         income of the Employee by reason of Code Section 125 or 457.

               (c)   Defined Benefit Fraction shall mean a fraction, the
         numerator of which is the sum of the Participant's projected annual
         benefit under all defined benefit plans (whether or not terminated)
         maintained by the Employer, and the denominator of which is the lesser
         of 125% of the dollar limitation in effect for the Limitation Year
         under Section 415(b) and (d) of the Code or one hundred forty percent
         (140%) of the Highest Average Compensation including any adjustments
         under Section 415(b) of the Code.

               Notwithstanding the above, if the Participant was a
         Participant as of the first day of the first Limitation Year beginning
         after December 31, 1986, in one or more defined benefit plans
         maintained by the Employer which were in existence on May 6, 1986, the
         denominator of this fraction will not be less than 125% of the sum of
         the annual benefits under such plans which the Participant had accrued
         as of the close of the last Limitation Year beginning before January 1,
         1987, disregarding any changes in the terms and conditions of the Plan
         after May 5, 1986. The preceding sentence applies only if the defined
         benefit plans individually and in the aggregate satisfied the
         requirements of Section 415 of the Code for all Limitation Years
         beginning before January 1, 1987.

               (d)   Defined Contribution Dollar Limitation shall mean $30,000,
         as adjusted under Code Section 415(d).

               (e)   Defined Contribution Fraction shall mean a fraction, the
         numerator of which is the sum of the Annual Additions to the
         Participant's account under all defined contribution plans (whether or
         not terminated) maintained by the Employer for the current and all
         prior Limitation Years (including the annual Additions attributable to
         the Participant's nondeductible Employee Contributions to all defined
         benefit plans, whether or not terminated, maintained by the Employer
         and the annual Additions attributable to all welfare benefit funds, as
         defined in Section 419(e) of the Code, and individual medical accounts,
         as defined in Section 415(1)(2) of the Code, maintained by the
         Employer), and the denominator of which is the sum of the maximum
         aggregate amount for the current and all prior Limitation Years of
         Service with the Employer (regardless of whether a defined contribution
         plan was maintained by the Employer). The maximum aggregate amount in
         any Limitation Year is the lesser of one hundred twenty-five percent
         (125%) of the dollar limitation determined under Section 415(b) and (d)
         of the Code or thirty-five percent (35%) of the Participant's
         Compensation for such year.

               If the Employee was a Participant as of the end of the first
         day of the first Limitation Year beginning after December 31, 1986, in
         one or more defined contribution plans maintained by the Employer which
         were in existence on May 6, 1986, the numerator of this fraction will
         be adjusted if the sum of this fraction and the defined benefit
         fraction would otherwise exceed 1.0 under the terms of this Plan. Under
         the adjustment, an amount equal to the product of (1) the excess of the
         sum of the fractions over 1.0 times (2) the denominator of this
         fraction, will be permanently subtracted from the numerator of this
         fraction. The adjustment is calculated using the fractions as they
         would be computed as of the end of the last Limitation Year beginning
         before January 1, 1987, and disregarding any changes in the terms and
         conditions of the Plan made after May 5, 1986, but using the Section
         415 limitation applicable to the first Limitation Year beginning on or
         after January 1, 1987.

               Annual Additions for any Limitation Year beginning before
         January 1, 1987, shall not be recomputed to treat all Employees
         Contributions as an Annual Addition.

               (f)   Employer shall mean the Employer that adopts this Plan,
         and all members of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in
         Section 414(b) of the Code as modified by Section 415(h) of the Code),
         all commonly controlled trades or businesses (as defined in Section
         414(c) of the Code as modified by Section 415(h) of the Code) or
         affiliated service groups (as defined in Section 414(m) of the Code) of
         which the adopting Employer is a part and any other entity required to
         be aggregated with the Employer pursuant to regulations under Section
         414(o) of the Code.

               (g)   Excess Amount shall mean the excess of the Participant's
         Annual Additions for the Limitation Year over the Maximum Permissible
         Amount.

               (h)   Highest Average Compensation shall mean the average
         Compensation for the three consecutive Years of Service (as measured by
         the Limitation Year) with the Employer that produces the highest
         average.

               (i)   Limitation Year shall mean the calendar year. If the
         Limitation Year is amended to a different 12 consecutive month period,
         the new Limitation Year must begin on a date within the Limitation Year
         in which the amendment is made.

               (j)   Maximum Permissible Amount shall mean the maximum Annual
         Additions that may be contributed or allocated to a Participant's
         account under this Plan for any Limitation Year shall not exceed the
         lesser of:
                     (i)   the defined contribution dollar limitation, or

                     (ii)  twenty-five percent (25%) of the Participant's
               Compensation for the Limitation Year.

               The Compensation limitation referred to in (ii) above shall
         not apply to any contribution for medical benefits (within the meaning
         of Code Section 401(h) or 419A(f)(2)) which is otherwise treated as an
         Annual Addition under Section 415(l)(1) or 419A(d)(2) of the Code.

               If a short Limitation Year is created because of an amendment
         changing the Limitation Year to a different twelve (12) consecutive
         month period, the Maximum Permissible Amount shall not exceed the
         defined contribution dollar limitation, multiplied by the following
         fraction:

                     Number of months in the short Limitation Year
                                      12

               (k)   Projected Annual Benefit shall mean the annual retirement
         benefit (adjusted to an actuarially equivalent straight life annuity if
         such benefit is expressed in a form other than a straight life annuity
         or qualified joint and survivor annuity) to which a Participant would
         be entitled under the terms of the Plan assuming:

                     (i)   The Participant will continue employment until
               the Normal Retirement Age under the Plan (or current age if
               later), and

                     (ii)  the Participant's Compensation for the current
               Limitation Year and all other relevant factors used to
               determine benefits under the Plan remain constant for all
               future Limitation Years.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                             ENTITLEMENT TO BENEFITS

         6.1   Retirement. A Participant shall be deemed to have reached
retirement upon his termination of employment on or after reaching his Normal
Retirement Date.

         As of his Distribution Date, a retired Participant shall be entitled to
the full value of his Accrued Benefit, which shall be deemed to be one hundred
percent (100%) vested and nonforfeitable upon reaching his Normal Retirement
Date whether or not the Participant continues his employment with the Employer
beyond such date.

         6.2   Disability. In the event that a Participant, at any time prior to
his retirement or other termination of employment with the Employer, shall
become totally and permanently disabled, and if proof of such disability
satisfactory to the Employer is furnished (which proof shall include a
determination of approval for Social Security benefits or, if such is not
available, a written statement of a licensed physician appointed or approved by
the Employer), then, as of his Distribution Date, such Participant shall be
entitled to the full value of his Accrued Benefit which shall be deemed to be
one hundred percent (100%) vested and nonforfeitable. For purposes of this
Section 6.2, total and permanent disability shall mean the inability to engage
in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or to last
for a continuous period of at least twelve (12) months.

         6.3   Death.  In the event of the death of a Participant prior to his
retirement, disability or other termination of employment with the Employer, the
full value of his Accrued Benefit, which shall be deemed to be one hundred
percent (100%) vested and nonforfeitable shall become payable (according to the
provisions of Article VII of the Plan), to his designated Beneficiary, upon
submission of proof of death satisfactory to the Employer.

         6.4   Termination of Employment. In the event a Participant terminates
employment with the Employer for any reason other than retirement, disability or
death, such Participant shall become entitled to the vested portion of his
Accrued Benefit, payable according to the provisions of Article VII of the Plan,
which shall be determined as follows:

               (a)   A Participant shall at all times be one hundred percent
         (100%) vested in the portion of his Accrued Benefit derived from his
         Elective Deferral Account, Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account,
         Qualified Matching Contribution Account and Rollover/ Transfer Account.

               (b)   A Participant shall at all times be one hundred percent
         (100%) vested in the portion of his Accrued Benefit derived from his
         Employer Contribution Accounts.

         6.5   Other Permitted Distributions.

               (a)   Hardship. In addition to the in-service withdrawals
         described in Section 7.9, where applicable, distributions of Elective
         Deferrals (and earnings thereon accrued as of December 31, 1988),
         amounts from the Participant's Rollover/Transfer Account and amounts
         from the Participant's Frozen Accounts (other than earnings on a Frozen
         Pre-Tax Account, and on any "Employer Contribution Account" in a Frozen
         Other Contribution Account, allocated after December 31, 1988) may be
         made on account of financial hardship if the distribution is necessary
         in light of the immediate and heavy financial needs of the Participant.
         Notwithstanding the preceding, for Plan Years beginning after December
         31, 1988, amounts attributable to Qualified Non-Elective Contributions
         and Qualified Matching Contributions may not be distributed merely on
         account of hardship. Also, income allocated to Elective Deferrals,
         Frozen Pre-Tax Accounts and any "Employer Contribution Account" within
         Frozen Other Employer Accounts after December 31, 1988 may not be
         distributed on account of hardship. For purposes of this Section,
         hardship is defined as an immediate and heavy financial need of the
         Employee where such Employee lacks other available resources.

                     (i)   The following are the only financial needs
               considered immediate and heavy: unreimburseable medical care
               expenses (within the meaning of Section 213(d) of the Code)
               incurred (or to be incurred) by the Employee, the Employee's
               spouse, children or dependents (as defined in Code Section
               152); the purchase (excluding mortgage payments) of a
               principal residence of the Employee; payment of
               unreimburseable tuition and related educational fees for the
               next twelve months of post-secondary education for the
               Employee, the Employee's spouse, children or dependents (as
               defined in Code Section 152); the payment of funeral expenses
               for an Employee's family member; or the need to prevent the
               eviction of the Employee from, or a foreclosure on the
               mortgage of, the Employee's principal residence.

                     (ii)  A distribution will be considered as necessary
               to satisfy an immediate and heavy financial need of the
               Employee only if:

                           (1)   The Employee has obtained all
                     distributions, other than hardship distributions, and
                     all nontaxable loans under all plans maintained by
                     the Employer;

                           (2)   All plans maintained by the Employer
                     provide that the Employee's Elective Deferrals (and
                     Employee Contributions) will be suspended for twelve
                     months after the receipt of the hardship
                     distribution;

                           (3)   The distribution is not in excess of the
                     amount of an immediate and heavy financial need
                     (including amounts necessary to pay any federal,
                     state or local income taxes or penalties reasonably
                     anticipated to result from the distribution); and

                           (4)   All plans maintained by the Employer
                     provide that the Employee may not make Elective
                     Deferrals for the Employee's taxable year immediately
                     following the taxable year of the hardship
                     distribution in excess of the applicable limit under
                     Section 402(g) of the Code for such taxable year less
                     the amount of such Employee's Elective Deferrals for
                     the taxable year of the hardship distribution.

                     (iii) Processing of applications and distributions of
               amounts under this Section, on account of a bona fide
               financial hardship, must be made as soon as administratively
               feasible.

                     (iv)  There is no minimum amount for a hardship
               withdrawal, and there is no restriction on the number of
               hardship withdrawals permitted to a Participant.

               (b)   Attainment of Age 59 1/2.

                     (i)   A Participant shall be permitted to withdraw all
               or a portion of his vested Accrued Benefit under the Plan, on
               or after the attainment of age 59 1/2.

                     (ii)  There is no minimum amount for an age-59 1/2
               withdrawal, and there is no restriction on the number of
               age-59 1/2 withdrawals permitted to a Participant.

               (c)   Distribution Upon Plan Termination. The full value of a
         Participant's Accrued Benefit shall be distributed to the Participant
         (or his Beneficiary) as soon as administratively feasible after the
         termination of the Plan, provided that neither the Employer nor an
         Affiliated Employer maintains a successor plan.

               (d)   Distribution Upon Sale of Assets. The full value of a
         Participant's Accrued Benefit may at the Participant's discretion be
         distributed to the Participant as soon as administratively feasible
         after the sale, to an entity that is not an Affiliated Employer, of
         substantially all of the assets used by the Employer in the trade or
         business in which the Participant is employed. If such entity continues
         to maintain this Plan, this provision shall not apply with respect to
         Employees who continue employment with the entity acquiring such
         assets.

               (e)   Distribution Upon Sale of Subsidiary. The full value of a
         Participant's Accrued Benefit may at the Participant's discretion be
         distributed to the Participant as soon as administratively feasible
         after the sale, to an entity that is not an Affiliated Employer, of an
         incorporated Affiliated Employer's interest in a subsidiary of which
         the Participant is employed. If such entity continues to maintain this
         Plan, this provision shall not apply with respect to Employees who
         continue employment with such subsidiary.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                            DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS

         7.1   General. The requirements of this Article shall apply to any
distribution of a Participant's interest and will take precedence over any
inconsistent provisions of this Plan.

         All distributions required under this Article shall be determined and
made in accordance with the Income Tax Regulations under Section 401(a)(9),
including the minimum distribution incidental benefit requirement of Regulations
Section 1.401(a)(9)-2.

         7.2   Method of Distribution. A Participant may elect to have his
Accrued Benefit distributed in the following manner:

               (a)   a single lump sum;

               (b)   a portion paid in a lump sum, and the remainder paid later
         (partial payment);

               (c)   periodic installments over a period not to exceed fifteen
         (15) years; or

               (d)   only with respect to a Participant's Frozen Accounts, a
         single life annuity, a single life annuity with a five (5) year or ten
         (10) year term certain or a joint and 50% or 100% survivor annuity.

         Any annuity option with respect to Frozen Accounts permitted and
selected by a Participant shall be provided through the purchase of a
non-transferable single premium contract from an insurance company which must
conform to the terms of the Plan and which shall be distributed to the
Participant or Beneficiary in complete satisfaction of the benefit due.

         In the absence of an election by the Participant, distribution will be
made in a lump sum payment in cash.

         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VII, and except
with respect to a Participant's Frozen Accounts, lump sum, installment, or any
other benefits may not be paid from the Plan in any form of a life annuity or
through the distribution of property in any form of a life annuity.

         7.3   Installment Payments. If all or any portion of a Participant's
Accrued Benefit is to be paid in installments, the Participant shall determine
the period over which such installments shall be paid. The total amount to be so
distributed shall continue to be invested in those assets currently retained in
the Trust, and any income, gain or loss attributable thereto (but not Employer
contributions or forfeitures) shall be reflected in the installment
distributions.

         7.4   Spousal Consent. Except as may be provided in Article VIII with
respect to a Participant's Frozen Accounts, a Participant is not required to
obtain spousal consent in order to receive a distribution of his Accrued
Benefit.

         7.5   Commencement of Benefits.

               (a)   Unless the Participant elects otherwise, distribution of
         benefits will begin no later than the 60th day after the latest of the
         close of the Plan Year in which:

                     (i)   the Participant attains age 65 (or the Normal
               Retirement Age specified in the Plan, if earlier);

                     (ii)  occurs the 10th anniversary of the year in which
               the Participant commenced participation in the Plan; or

                     (iii) the Participant terminates Service with the
               Employer.

               (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of a
         Participant to consent to a distribution while a benefit is immediately
         distributable within the meaning of Section 7.6 of the Plan, shall be
         deemed to be an election to defer commencement of payment of any
         benefit sufficient to satisfy this Section.

         7.6   Minimum Required Distributions.

               (a)   Required Beginning Date. The entire interest of a
         Participant must be distributed or begin to be distributed no later
         than the Participant's Required Beginning Date.

               (b)   Limits on Distribution Periods. As of the first
         distribution calendar year, distributions, if not made in a single sum,
         may only be made over one of the following periods (or a combination
         thereof):

                     (i)   a period certain not extending beyond the life
               expectancy of the Participant, or

                     (ii)  a period certain not extending beyond the joint
               life and last survivor expectancy of the Participant and a
               designated Beneficiary.

               (c)   Minimum Amounts to be Distributed. If the Participant's
         interest is to be distributed in other than a single sum, the following
         minimum distribution rules shall apply on or after the required
         beginning date:

                     (i)   If a Participant's benefit is to be distributed
               over (a) a period not extending beyond the life expectancy of
               the Participant or the joint life and last survivor expectancy
               of the Participant and the Participant's designated
               Beneficiary or (b) a period not extending beyond the life
               expectancy of the designated Beneficiary, the amount required
               to be distributed for each calendar year, beginning with
               distributions for the first distribution calendar year, must
               at least equal the quotient obtained by dividing the
               Participant's benefit by the applicable life expectancy.

                     (ii)  The amount to be distributed each year,
               beginning with distributions for the first distribution
               calendar year shall not be less than the quotient obtained by
               dividing the Participant's benefit by the lesser of (a) the
               applicable life expectancy or (b) if the Participant's spouse
               is not the designated Beneficiary, the applicable divisor
               determined from the table set froth in Q&A-4 of Section
               4.401(a)(9)-2 of the Income Tax Regulations. Distributions
               after the death of the Participant shall be distributed using
               the applicable life expectancy in Section 7.6(c)(i) above as
               the relevant divisor without regard to Regulations Section
               1.401(a)(9)-2.

                     (iii) The minimum distribution required for the
               Participant's first distribution calendar year must be made on
               or before the Participant's Required Beginning Date. The
               minimum distribution for other calendar years, including the
               minimum distribution for the distribution calendar year in
               which the Employee's required beginning date occurs, must be
               made on or before December 31 of that distribution calendar
               year.

         7.7   Distribution of Death Benefits.

               (a)   Method of Distributions.

                     (i)   If the Participant dies after distribution of his
               or her interest has begun, the remaining portion of such
               interest will continue to be distributed at least as rapidly
               as under the method of distribution being used prior to the
               Participant's death.

                     (ii)  If the Participant dies before distribution of
               his or her interest begins, distribution of the Participant's
               entire interest shall be completed by December 31 of the
               calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the
               Participant's death except to the extent that an election is
               made to receive distributions in accordance with (1) or (2)
               below:

                           (1)   if any portion of the Participant's
                     interest is payable to a designated Beneficiary,
                     distributions may be made over the life or over a
                     period certain not greater than the life expectancy
                     of the designated Beneficiary commencing on or before
                     December 31, of the calendar year immediately
                     following the calendar year in which the Participant
                     died;

                           (2)   if the designated Beneficiary is the
                     Participant's surviving spouse, the date
                     distributions are required to begin in accordance
                     with (1) above shall not be earlier than the later of
                     (a) December 31 of the calendar year immediately
                     following the calendar year in which the Participant
                     died and (b) December 31 of the calendar year in
                     which the Participant would have attained age 70 1/2.

                           If the Participant has not made an election
                     pursuant to this Section (a) by the time of his or
                     her death, the Participant's designated Beneficiary
                     must elect the method of distribution no later than
                     the earlier of (a) December 31 of the calendar year
                     in which distributions would be required to begin
                     under this Section, or (b) December 31 of the
                     calendar year which contains the fifth anniversary of
                     the date of death of the Participant. If the
                     Participant has no designated Beneficiary, or if the
                     designated Beneficiary does not elect a method of
                     distribution, distribution of the Participant's
                     entire interest must be completed by December 31 of
                     the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of
                     the Participant's death.

                     (iii) For purposes of Section 7.7(a)(ii) above, if
               the surviving spouse dies after the Participant, but before
               payments to such spouse begin, the provisions of Section
               7.7(a)(ii), with the exception of Paragraph (2) therein, shall
               be applied as if the surviving spouse were the Participant.

                     (iv)  For purposes of this Section 7.7, any amount
               paid to a child of the Participant will be treated as if it
               had been paid to the surviving spouse if the amount becomes
               payable to the surviving spouse when the child reaches the age
               of majority.

                     (v)   For the purposes of this Section 7.7,
               distribution of a Participant's interest is considered to
               begin on the Participant's Required Beginning Date (or, if
               Section 7.7(a)(iii) above is applicable, the date distribution
               is required to begin to the surviving spouse pursuant to
               Section 7.7(a)(ii) above).

               (b)   Definitions.

                     (i)   Applicable Life Expectancy. The life expectancy
               (or joint life and last survivor expectancy) is calculated
               using the attained age of the Participant (or designated
               Beneficiary) as of the Participant's (or designated
               Beneficiary's) birthday in the applicable calendar year
               reduced by one for each calendar year which has elapsed since
               the date life expectancy was first calculated. If life
               expectancy is being recalculated, the applicable life
               expectancy shall be the life expectancy as so recalculated.
               The applicable calendar year shall be the first distribution
               calendar year, and if life expectancy is being recalculated,
               such succeeding calendar year.

                     (ii)  Designated Beneficiary. The individual who is
               designated as the Beneficiary under the Plan in accordance
               with Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the regulations
               thereunder.

                     (iii) Distribution Calendar Year. A calendar year for
               which a minimum distribution is required. For distributions
               beginning before the Participant's death, the first
               distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately
               preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's
               required beginning date. For distributions beginning after the
               Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is
               the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin
               pursuant to Section 7.7(a) above.

                     (iv)  Life Expectancy. Life expectancy and joint life
               and last survivor expectancy are computed by use of the
               expected return multiples in Tables V and VI of Section 1.72-9
               of the Income Tax Regulations.

                     Unless otherwise elected by the Participant (or
               spouse, in the case of distributions described in Section
               7.6(a)(ii)(2) above) by the time distributions are required to
               begin, life expectancies shall be recalculated annually. Such
               election shall be irrevocable as to the Participant (or
               spouse) and shall apply to all subsequent years. The life
               expectancy of a nonspouse Beneficiary may not be recalculated.


                     (v)   Participant's Benefit.

                           (1)   The account balance as of the last
                     Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately
                     preceding the distribution calendar year (valuation
                     calendar year) increased by the amount of any
                     contributions or forfeitures allocated to the account
                     balance as of the dates in the valuation calendar
                     year after the Valuation Date and decreased by
                     distributions made in the valuation calendar year
                     after the Valuation Date.

                           (2)   Exception for second distribution
                     calendar year. For purposes of paragraph (1) above,
                     if any portion of the minimum distribution for the
                     first distribution calendar year is made in the
                     second distribution calendar year on or before the
                     required beginning date, the amount of the minimum
                     distribution made in the second distribution calendar
                     year shall be treated as if it has been made in the
                     immediately preceding distribution calendar year.

                     (vi)  Required Beginning Date.

                           (1)   General Rule. The required beginning
                     date of a Participant is the later of the April 1 of
                     the calendar year following the calendar year in
                     which the Participant attains age 70 1/2 or retires
                     except that benefit distributions to a 5-percent
                     owner must commence by the April 1 of the calendar
                     year following the calendar year in which the
                     Participant attains age 70 1/2.

                           (2)   Deferral or Cessation of Distributions.

                                 (A)   Any Participant attaining age 70
                           1/2 in years after 1995 may elect by April 1
                           of the calendar year following the year in
                           which the Participant attained age 70 1/2
                           (or by December 31, 1997 in the case of a
                           Participant attaining age 70 1/2 in 1996) to
                           defer distributions until the calendar year
                           following the calendar year in which the
                           Participant retires. If no such election is
                           made the Participant will begin receiving
                           distributions by the April 1 of the calendar
                           year following the year in which the
                           Participant attained age 70 1/2 (or by
                           December 31, 1997 in the case of a
                           Participant attaining age 70 1/2 in 1996).

                                 (B)   Any Participant attaining age 70
                           1/2 in years prior to 1997 may elect to stop
                           distributions and recommence by the April 1
                           of the calendar year following the year in
                           which the Participant retires. There will be
                           a new annuity starting date upon
                           recommencement.

                           (3)   5-Percent Owner. A Participant is
                     treated as a 5-percent owner for purposes of this
                     Section if such Participant is a 5-percent owner as
                     defined in Section 416 of the Code at any time during
                     the Plan Year ending with or within the calendar year
                     in which such owner attains age 70 1/2.


                           (4)   Distributions Begun. Once distributions
                     have begun to a 5-percent owner under this Section,
                     they must continue to be distributed, even if the
                     Participant ceases to be a 5-percent owner in a
                     subsequent year.

         7.8   Distribution Upon Termination of Employment and Restrictions on
Immediate Distribution. If the value of a Participant's vested account balance
derived from employer and employee contributions exceeds (or at the time of any
prior distribution exceeded) $5,000, and the account balance is immediately
distributable, the Participant must consent to any distribution of such account
balance. The consent of the Participant shall be obtained in writing within the
90-day period ending on the annuity starting date. The annuity starting date is
the first day of the first period for which an amount is paid as an annuity or
any other form. The Plan Administrator shall notify the Participant of the right
to defer any distribution until the Participant's account balance is no longer
immediately distributable. Such notification shall include a general description
of the material features, and an explanation of the relative values of the
optional forms of benefit available under the Plan, in a manner that would
satisfy the notice requirements of Section 417(a)(3) of the Code, and shall be
provided no less than 30 days and no more than 90 days prior to the annuity
starting date.

         The consent of the Participant shall not be required to the extent that
a distribution is required to satisfy Section 401(a)(9) or 415 of the Code. In
addition, upon termination of this Plan, if the Plan does not offer an annuity
option (purchased from a commercial provider), the Participant's account balance
may, without the Participant's consent, be distributed to the Participant or
transferred to another defined contribution plan (other than an employee stock
ownership plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(7) of the Code) within the same
controlled group.

         An account balance is immediately distributable if any part of the
account balance could be distributed to the Participant (or surviving spouse)
before the Participant attains (or would have attained if not deceased) the
later of Normal Retirement Age or age 62.

         For purposes of determining the applicability of the foregoing consent
requirements to distributions made before the first day of the first Plan Year
beginning after December 31, 1988, the Participant's vested account balance
shall not include amounts attributable to accumulated deductible Employee
Contributions within the meaning of Section 72(o)(5)(B) of the Code.

         In the absence of an election to receive an immediate distribution, the
Participant's Accrued Benefit shall remain invested in the commingled Trust
assets. The following provisions shall apply to termination benefits:

               (a)   The distribution of benefits to a Participant who has
         reached his Distribution Date by reason of a termination of employment
         other than retirement, disability or death shall be deferred until the
         first date the Participant would have been eligible for retirement
         under the Plan unless the Participant elects to commence distribution
         of such benefits at an earlier date. Prior to the commencement of
         benefits, the deferred benefits shall, in the discretion of the
         Employer, remain invested in the commingled Trust assets or be
         transferred to a Segregated Account.

               (b)   If the vested portion of the Accrued Benefit of a
         Participant who terminates employment for reasons other than
         retirement, disability or death is less than 100%, so that his
         Distribution Date does not coincide with the date on which he ceases to
         be an Employee, such Accrued Benefit shall, in the discretion of the
         Employer, remain invested in the commingled assets of the Trust or be
         transferred to a Segregated Account pending distribution. The
         Participant may elect to receive the vested portion of his Accrued
         Benefit at any time prior to the Distribution Date.

               (c)   If a Participant separates from service before satisfying
         the age requirement for early retirement, but has satisfied the Service
         requirement, the Participant will be entitled to elect an early
         retirement benefit upon satisfaction of such age requirements.

         7.9   Distribution From After-Tax and Rollover/Transfer Accounts.

               (a)   Voluntary After-Tax and Frozen After-Tax Accounts. A
         Participant may withdraw any amount from his Voluntary After-Tax
         Account and Frozen After-Tax Account at such times as permitted by the
         Employer by submitting a written request to the Administrator
         specifying the amount to be withdrawn. A distribution from either such
         account shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis; thus, such
         distribution shall be considered in part a return of contributions and
         in part earnings on such contributions. However, if on May 5, 1986,
         Voluntary After-Tax Accounts and/or Frozen After-Tax Accounts were
         available for distribution under the terms of the Plan, the Frozen
         Plan, a Predecessor Plan, or a Frozen Predecessor Plan, prior to
         separation of service, then the pro-rata rules will not apply to
         after-tax contributions made to such accounts prior to January 1, 1987.
         The Participant may designate whether the distribution is to be made
         from pre-1987 or post-1986 contributions.

               (b)   Rollover/Transfer Account. A Participant may withdraw any
         amount from his Rollover/Transfer Account, not in excess of the value
         of his account, at such times as permitted by the Employer by
         submitting a written request to the Administrator specifying the amount
         to be withdrawn.

         Subject to the provisions of this Section 7.9 and Sections 6.5(a) and
(c) of the Plan, the Participant's Voluntary After-Tax Account, Frozen After-Tax
Account, and Rollover/Transfer Account shall be payable at the same time, in the
same manner, and, in the event of death, to the same Beneficiary as is his
Elective Deferral and Employer Contribution Accounts.

         7.10  Direct Rollover.

               (a)   Applicability. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan
         to the contrary that would otherwise limit a distributee's election
         under this Article, a distributee may elect, at the time and in the
         manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator, to have any portion of an
         eligible rollover distribution paid directly to an eligible retirement
         plan specified by the distributee in a direct rollover.

               (b)   Definitions.

                     (i)   Eligible Rollover Distribution. An eligible
               rollover distribution is any distribution of all or any
               portion of the balance to the credit of the distributee,
               except that an eligible rollover distribution does not include
               any distribution that is one of a series of substantially
               equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually)
               made for the life (or life expectancy) of the distributee or
               the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the
               distributee and the distributee's designated Beneficiary, or
               for a specified period of ten years or more; any distribution
               to the extent such distribution is required under Section
               401(a)(9) of the Code; any hardship distribution described in
               Code Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(iv) received after December 31,
               1998; and the portion of any distribution that is not
               includible in gross income (determined without regard to the
               exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to
               Employer securities).

                     (ii)  Eligible Retirement Plan. An eligible retirement
               plan is an individual retirement account described in Section
               408(a) of the Code, an individual retirement annuity described
               in Section 408(b) of the Code, an annuity plan described in
               Section 403(a) of the Code, or a qualified trust described in
               Section 401(a) of the Code, that accepts the distributee's
               eligible rollover distribution. However, in the case of an
               eligible rollover distribution to the surviving spouse, an
               eligible retirement plan is an individual retirement account
               or individual retirement annuity.

                     (iii) Distributee. A distributee includes an Employee
               or former Employee. In addition, the Employee's or former
               Employee's surviving spouse and the Employee's or former
               Employee's spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee
               under a qualified domestic relations order, as described in
               Section 414(p) of the Code, are distributees with regard to
               the interest of the spouse or former spouse.

                     (iv)  Direct Rollover. A direct rollover is a payment
               by the plan to the eligible retirement plan specified by the
               distributee.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                              ANNUITY REQUIREMENTS

         To the extent applicable, provisions of this Article shall take
precedence over any conflicting provisions of the Plan.

         8.1   Applicability. The provisions of this Article shall apply to the
Frozen Accounts of a Participant who is eligible for payment in the form of an
annuity and who elects payment in the form of an annuity. The provisions of this
Article shall only apply with respect to a Participant's Frozen Accounts.

         8.2   Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. Unless an optional form of
benefit is selected pursuant to a qualified election within the 90-day period
ending on the annuity starting date, a married Participant's vested Accrued
Benefit attributable to Frozen Accounts will be paid in the form of a Qualified
Joint and Survivor Annuity and an unmarried Participant's vested Accrued Benefit
attributable to Frozen Accounts will be paid in the form of a life annuity. The
Participant may elect to have such annuity distributed upon attainment of the
earliest retirement age under the Plan.

         8.3   Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity. Unless an optional form
of benefit has been selected within the election period pursuant to a qualified
election, if a Participant dies before his annuity starting date, then the
Participant's vested Accrued Benefit attributable to Frozen Accounts shall be
applied toward the purchase of an annuity for the life of the surviving spouse.
The surviving spouse may elect to have such annuity distributed immediately
after the Participant's death.

         8.4   Definitions

               (a)   Election Period. The period which begins on the first day
         of the Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 35 and ends on
         the date of the Participant's death. If a Participant separates from
         Service prior to the first day of the Plan Year in which age 35 is
         attained, with respect to the account balance as of the date of
         separation, the election period shall begin on the date of separation.

               (b)   Earliest Retirement Age. The earliest date on which, under
         the Plan, the Participant could elect to receive retirement benefits.

               (c)   Qualified Election. A waiver of a Qualified Joint and
         Survivor Annuity or a Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity. Any
         waiver of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or a Qualified
         Preretirement Survivor Annuity shall not be effective unless: (i) the
         Participant's spouse consents in writing to the election; (ii) the
         election designates a specific Beneficiary, including any class of
         Beneficiaries or any contingent Beneficiaries, which may not be changed
         without spousal consent (or the spouse expressly permits designations
         by the Participant without any further spousal consent); (iii) the
         spouse's consent acknowledges the effect of the election; and (iv) the
         spouse's consent is witnessed by a Plan representative or notary
         public. Additionally, a Participant's waiver of the Qualified Joint and
         Survivor Annuity shall not be effective unless the election designates
         a form of benefit payment which may not be changed without spousal
         consent (or the spouse expressly permits designations by the
         Participant without any further spousal consent). If it is established
         to the satisfaction of a Plan representative that there is no spouse or
         that the spouse cannot be located, a waiver will be deemed a qualified
         election.

               Any consent by a spouse obtained under this provision (or
         establishment that the consent of a spouse may not be obtained) shall
         be effective only with respect to such spouse. A consent that permits
         designations by the Participant without any requirement of further
         consent by such spouse must acknowledge that the spouse has the right
         to limit consent to a specific Beneficiary, and a specific form of
         benefit where applicable, and that the spouse voluntarily elects to
         relinquish either or both of such rights. A revocation of a prior
         waiver may be made by a Participant without the consent of the spouse
         at any time before the commencement of benefits. The number of
         revocations shall not be limited. No consent obtained under this
         provision shall be valid unless the Participant has received notice as
         provided in Section 8.5 below.

               (d)   Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. An immediate annuity
         for the life of the Participant with a survivor annuity for the life of
         the spouse which is not less than 50% and not more than 100% of the
         amount of the annuity which is payable during the joint lives of the
         Participant and the spouse and which is the amount of benefit which can
         be purchased with the Participant's vested account balance. The
         percentage of the survivor annuity under the Plan shall be 50%.

               (e)   Spouse (Surviving Spouse). The spouse or surviving spouse
         of the Participant, provided that a former spouse will be treated as
         the spouse or surviving spouse (and a current spouse will not be
         treated as the spouse or surviving spouse to the extent provided) under
         a qualified domestic relations order as described in Section 414(p) of
         the Code.

               (f)   Annuity Starting Date. The first day of the first period
         for which an amount is paid as an annuity or any other form.

               (g)   Vested Account Balance. The aggregate value of the
         Participant's vested account balances derived from Employer and
         Employee contributions (including rollovers), whether vested before or
         upon death, including the proceeds of insurance contracts, if any, on
         the Participant's life. The provisions of this Article shall apply to a
         Participant who is vested in amounts attributable to Employer
         contributions, Employee contributions or both at the time of death or
         distribution.

         8.5   Notice Requirements.

               (a)   In the case of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity as
         described in Section 8.4(d) of this Article, the Plan Administrator
         shall no less than 30 days and no more than 90 days prior to the
         annuity starting date provide each Participant a written explanation
         of: (i) the terms and conditions of a Qualified Joint and Survivor
         Annuity; (ii) the Participant's right to make and the effect of an
         election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity form of
         benefit; (iii) the rights of a Participant's spouse; and (iv) the right
         to make, and the effect of, a revocation of a previous election to
         waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.

               (b)   In the case of a Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity
         as described in Section 8.3 of this Article, the Plan Administrator
         shall provide each Participant within the applicable notice period a
         written explanation of the Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity in
         such terms and in such manner as would be comparable to the explanation
         provided for meeting the requirements of Section 8.5(a) applicable to a
         Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.

               The applicable notice period means with respect to a
         Participant, whichever of the following periods ends last:

                     (i)   the period beginning with the first day of the
               Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 32 and ending
               with the close of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in
               which the Participant attains age 35,

                     (ii)  a reasonable period ending after the individual
               becomes a Participant,

                     (iii) a reasonable period ending after notice is
               required because of the cessation of a benefit subsidy as
               described in subsection (c) below,

                     (iv)  a reasonable period ending after this Article
               first applies to the Participant,

                     (v)   a reasonable period after separation from Service
                  in the case of a Participant who separates before attaining
                  age 35.

                     For purposes of applying the preceding paragraph, a
               reasonable period ending after the enumerated events described
               in (ii), (iii) and (iv) is the end of the two-year period
               beginning one year prior to the date the applicable event
               occurs, and ending one year after that date. In the case of a
               Participant who separates from Service before the Plan Year in
               which age 35 is attained, notice shall be provided within the
               two-year period beginning one year prior to separation and
               ending one year after separation. If such a Participant
               thereafter returns to employment with the Employer, the
               applicable period for such Participant shall be redetermined.

               (c)   Notwithstanding the other requirements of this Section
         8.5, the respective notices prescribed by this Section need not be
         given to a Participant if (i) the Plan "fully subsidizes" the costs of
         a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or Qualified Preretirement
         Survivor Annuity and (ii) the Plan does not allow the Participant to
         waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or Qualified
         Preretirement Annuity and does not allow a married Participant to
         designate a nonspouse Beneficiary. For purposes of this Section 8.5(c),
         a plan fully subsidizes the costs of a benefit if no increase in cost
         or decrease in benefits to the Participant may result from the
         Participant's failure to elect another benefit

              (d)    If a distribution is one to which Sections 401(a)(11) and
         417 of the Internal Revenue Code do not apply, such distribution may
         commence less than 30 days after the notice required under Section
         1.411(a)-11(c) of the Income Tax Regulations is given, provided that
         (i) the Plan Administrator clearly informs the Participant that the
         Participant has a right to a period of at least 30 days after receiving
         the notice to consider the decision of whether or not to elect a
         distribution (and, if applicable, a particular distribution option),
         and (ii) the Participant, after receiving the notice, affirmatively
         elects a distribution.

         8.6   Spousal Consent. A Participant is required to obtain spousal
consent for a distribution of his Accrued Benefit attributable to Frozen
Accounts if the provisions of this Article VIII apply to such Frozen Accounts
pursuant to Section 8.1.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                     BENEFICIARY AND PARTICIPANT INFORMATION

         9.1   Designation of Beneficiary.

               (a)   Each Participant from time to time may designate any
         person or persons (who may be named contingently or successively) to
         receive any benefits payable under the Plan upon or after his death,
         and any such designation may be changed from time to time by the
         Participant by filing a new designation. Each designation will revoke
         all prior designations made by the Participant, shall be in writing in
         the form prescribed by the Employer and shall be effective only when
         the written designation is filed with the Employer during his lifetime.

               (b)   The beneficiary of a Participant who is married at the
         time of his death shall be his surviving spouse unless his surviving
         spouse consents in writing on the form provided for that purpose by the
         Plan Administrator to the designation of another beneficiary. A consent
         by a Participant's spouse shall not be effective unless such consent is
         witnessed by the Plan Administrator or a Notary Public.

               (c)   In the absence of a valid Beneficiary designation (except
         in conjunction with the election of a form of benefit payment which
         does not require the designation of a specific Beneficiary) or if, at
         the time any benefit becomes payable to a Beneficiary, there is no
         living Beneficiary properly designated by the Participant to receive
         the benefit, the Employer shall direct the Trustee to distribute such
         benefit to the Participant's spouse, if then living. If there is no
         surviving spouse, then the benefit shall be paid to the Participant's
         then living descendants, if any, per stirpes, otherwise to the
         Participant's then living parent or parents, equally, otherwise to the
         Participant's estate.

         9.2   Information to be Furnished by Participant and Beneficiaries. Any
communications, addressed to a Participant or Beneficiary at his last post
office address filed with the Employer, shall be binding on the Participant or
Beneficiary for all purposes of the Plan. Except for the Employer's sending of a
registered letter to the last known address, neither the Trustees nor the
Employer shall be obliged to search for any Participant or Beneficiary.

         If a benefit is forfeited because the Participant or Beneficiary cannot
be found, such benefit will be reinstated if a claim is made by the Participant
or Beneficiary.

                                    ARTICLE X

                              LOANS TO PARTICIPANTS

         Subject to the consent of the Trustee, the Plan Administrator shall
establish a loan program under which:

         (1)   Loans shall be made available to all Participants and
Beneficiaries on a reasonably equivalent basis.

         (2)   Loans shall not be made available to Highly Compensated Employees
(as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) in an amount greater than the amount
made available to other Employees.

         (3)   Loans must be adequately secured and bear a reasonable interest
rate.

         (4)   No Participant loan shall exceed 50% of the present value of the
Participant's vested Accrued Benefit.

         (5)   A Participant is not required to obtain the consent of his or her
spouse, if any, to use of the account balance as security for the loan.

         (6)   In the event of default, foreclosure on the note and attachment
of security will not occur until a distributable event occurs in the Plan.

         (7)   No loans will be made to any shareholder-employee or
Owner-Employee. For purposes of this requirement, a shareholder-employee means
an Employee or officer of an electing small business (Subchapter S) corporation
who owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of Section 318(a)(1) of
the Code), on any day during the taxable year of such corporation, more than 5%
of the outstanding stock of the corporation.

         (8)   Loan repayments will be suspended under the Plan as permitted
under Code Section 414(u)(4).

         (9)   Loans are only available from a Participant's Elective Deferral
Account and Rollover/Transfer Account.

         Notwithtstanding any other provision of this Plan, the portion of the
Participant's vested account balance used as a security interest held by the
Plan by reason of a loan outstanding to the Participant shall be taken into
account for purposes of determining the amount of the account balance payable at
the time of death or distribution, but only if the reduction is used as
repayment of the loan. If less than 100% of the Participant's vested account
balance (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) is payable to the
surviving spouse, then the account balance shall be adjusted by first reducing
the vested account balance by the amount of the security used as repayment of
the loan, and then determining the benefit payable to the surviving spouse.

         No loan to any Participant or Beneficiary can be made to the extent
that such loan when added to the outstanding balance of all other loans to the
Participant or Beneficiary would exceed the lesser of (a) $50,000 reduced by the
excess (if any) of the highest outstanding balance of loans during the one year
period ending on the day before the loan is made, over the outstanding balance
of loans from the Plan on the date the loan is made, or (b) one-half the present
value of the nonforfeitable Accrued Benefit of the Participant. For the purpose
of the above limitation, all loans from all plans of the Employer and other
members of a group of Employers described in section 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of
the Code are aggregated. Furthermore, any loan shall by its terms require that
repayment (principal and interest) be amortized in level payments, not less
frequently than quarterly, over a period not extending beyond five years from
the date of the loan, unless such loan is used to acquire a dwelling unit which
within a reasonable time (determined at the time the loan is made) will be used
as the principal residence of the Participant. An assignment or pledge of any
portion of the Participant's interest in the Plan and a loan, pledge or
assignment with respect to any insurance contract purchased under the Plan, will
be treated as a loan under this paragraph.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                              TOP HEAVY PROVISIONS

         11.1  Applicability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan
or Adoption Agreement to the contrary, if for any Plan Year the Plan becomes a
Top Heavy Plan, the requirements of this Article XI of the Plan shall be
applied for such Plan Year.

         11.2  Definitions. The following terms shall have the following
meanings in the determination of whether or not the Plan is a Top Heavy Plan:

               (a)   Determination Date. For any Plan Year subsequent to the
         first Plan Year, the last day of the preceding Plan Year. For the first
         Plan Year of the Plan, the last day of that year.

               (b)   Employer. The Employer who adopted this Plan and any other
         Employer some or all of whose Employees participate in this Plan or in
         a retirement plan which is aggregated with this Plan as part of a
         permissive or required aggregation group.

               (c)   Employer Group. A group of Employers who, for purposes of
         Section 416 of the Code, are treated as a single Employer under Section
         414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code.

               (d)   Key Employee. Any Employee or former Employee (and the
         beneficiaries of such Employee) who, at any time during the
         determination period, was an officer of the Employer if such
         individual's annual Compensation exceeds 50% of the dollar limitation
         under Section 415(b)(1)(A) of the Code, an owner (or considered an
         owner under Section 318 of the Code) of one of the ten largest
         interests in the Employer if such individual's Annual Compensation
         exceeds 100% of the dollar limitation under Section 415(c)(1)(A) of the
         Code, a 5-percent owner of the Employer, or a 1-percent owner of the
         Employer who has Annual Compensation of more than $150,000. Annual
         Compensation means Compensation as defined in Section 415(c)(3) of the
         Code, but including amounts contributed by the Employer pursuant to a
         salary reduction agreement which are excludible from the Employee's
         gross income under Section 125, 402(e)(3), 401(h)(1)(B) or 403(b) of
         the Code. The determination period is the Plan Year containing the
         Determination Date and the 4 preceding Plan Years. The determination of
         who is a Key Employee will be made in accordance with Section 416(i)(l)
         of the Code and the regulations thereunder.

               (e)   Non-Key Employee. Any Employee or former Employee (or
         Beneficiaries of such Employee) who is not considered to be a Key
         Employee.

               (f)   Permissive Aggregation Group. The required aggregation
         group of plans plus any other plan or plans of the Employer which, when
         considered as a group with the required aggregation group, would
         continue to satisfy the requirements of Sections 401(a)(4) and 410 of
         the Code.

               (g)   Present Value. Present value shall be based only on the
         interest and mortality rates specified in the Adoption Agreement.

               (h)   Required Aggregation Group. (i) Each qualified plan of the
         Employer in which at least one Key Employee participates or
         participated at any time during the determination period (regardless of
         whether the plan has terminated), and (ii) any other qualified plan of
         the Employer which enables a plan described in (i) to meet the
         requirements of Section 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code.

               (i)   Top Heavy Plan. For any Plan Year, this Plan is Top Heavy
         if any of the following conditions exist:

                     (i)   If the Top Heavy Ratio for this Plan exceeds 60%
               and this Plan is not part of any required aggregation group or
               permissive aggregation group of plans.

                     (ii)  If this Plan is a part of a required aggregation
               group of plans but not part of a permissive aggregation group
               of the Top Heavy Ratio for the group of plans exceeds 60%.

                     (iii) If this Plan is a part of a required
               aggregation group and part of a permissive aggregation group
               of plans and the Top Heavy Ratio for the permissive
               aggregation group exceeds 60%.

               (j)   Top Heavy Ratio.

                     (i) If the Employer maintains one or more defined
               contribution plans (including any Simplified Employee Pension
               Plan) and the Employer has not maintained any defined benefit
               plan which during the 5-year period ending on the
               determination date(s) has or has had Accrued Benefits, the Top
               Heavy Ratio for this Plan alone or for the required or
               permissible aggregation group as appropriate is a fraction,
               the numerator of which is the sum of the account balances of
               all Key Employees as of the determination date(s) (including
               any part of any account balance distributed in the 5-year
               period ending on the determination date(s)), and the
               denominator of which is the sum of all account balances
               (including any part of any account balance distributed in the
               5-year period ending on the determination date(s)), both
               computed in accordance with Section 416 of the Code and the
               regulations thereunder. Both the numerator and denominator of
               the Top Heavy Ratio are increased to reflect any contribution
               not actually made as of the determination date, but which is
               required to be taken into account on that date under Section
               416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder.

                     (ii)  If the Employer maintains one or more defined
               contribution plans (including any Simplified Employee Pension
               Plan) and the Employer maintains or has maintained one or more
               defined benefit plans which during the 5-year period ending on
               the determination date(s) has or has had any accrued benefits,
               the Top Heavy Ratio for any required or permissive aggregation
               group as appropriate is a fraction, the numerator of which is
               the sum of account balances under the aggregated defined
               contribution plan or plans for all Key Employees, determined
               in accordance with (a) above, and the present value of accrued
               benefits under the aggregated defined benefit plan or plans
               for all Key Employees as of the determination date(s), and the
               denominator of which is the sum of the account balances under
               the aggregated defined contribution plan or plans for all
               Participants, determined in accordance with (a) above, and the
               present value of accrued benefits under the defined benefit
               plan or plans for all Participants, determined in accordance
               with (a) above, and the present value of accrued benefits
               under the defined benefit plan or plans for all Participants
               as of the determination date(s), all determined in accordance
               with Section 416 of the Code and the regulations thereunder.
               The accrued benefits under a defined benefit plan in both the
               numerator and denominator of the Top Heavy Ratio are increased
               for any distribution of an accrued benefit made in the five
               year period ending on the determination date.

                     (iii) For purposes of (i) and (ii) above, the value
               of account balances and the present value of accrued benefits
               will be determined as of the most recent Valuation Date that
               falls within or ends with the twelve (12) month period ending
               on the determination date, except as provided in Section 416
               of the Code and the regulations thereunder for the first and
               second plan years of a defined benefit plan. The account
               balances and accrued benefits of a Participant (1) who is not
               a Key Employee but who was a Key Employee in a prior year, or
               (2) who has not been credited with at least one Hour of
               Service with any employer maintaining the Plan at any time
               during the 5-year period ending on the determination date will
               be disregarded. The calculation of the Top Heavy Ratio, and
               the extent to which distributions, rollovers and transfers are
               taken into account will be made in accordance with Section 416
               of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Deductible
               employee contributions will not be taken into account for
               purposes of computing the Top Heavy Ratio. When aggregating
               plans, the value of account balances and accrued benefits will
               be calculated with reference to the determination dates that
               fall within the same calendar year.

                     The accrued benefit of a Participant other than a Key
               Employee shall be determined under (1) the method, if any,
               that uniformly applies for accrual purposes under all defined
               benefit plans maintained by the Employer, or (2) if there is
               no such method, as if such benefit accrued not more rapidly
               than the slowest accrual rate permitted under the fractional
               rule of Section 411(b)(1)(C) of the Code.

               (k)   Valuation Date. December 31 in each Plan Year, the date as
         of which account balances or Accrued Benefits are valued for purposes
         of calculating the Top Heavy Ratio.

               (l)   Present Value. For purposes of establishing the present
         value of accrued benefits under defined benefit plans required to be
         aggregated with this Plan to compute the Top Heavy Ratio, any benefit
         shall be discounted only for mortality and interest based on the
         mortality assumptions and interest rate specified in such defined
         benefit plan.

         11.3  Minimum Compensation. For any Plan Year in which the Plan is Top
Heavy, only the first $170,000 (or such larger amount as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of Treasury or his delegate) of a Participant's annual
Compensation shall be taken into account for purposes of determining Employer
contributions under the Plan.

         11.4  Minimum Allocation.

               (a)   Except as otherwise provided in (c) and (d) below, the
         Employer contributions and forfeitures allocated on behalf of any
         Participant who is not a Key Employee shall not be less than the lesser
         of three percent of such Participant's Compensation or in the case
         where the Employer has no defined benefit plan which designates this
         Plan to satisfy Section 401 of the Code, the largest percentage of
         Employer contributions (including any salary deferral contribution) and
         forfeitures, as a percentage of the Key Employee's Compensation, as
         limited by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, allocated on behalf of any
         Key Employee for that year. The minimum allocation is determined
         without regard to any Social Security contribution. This minimum
         allocation shall be made even though under other plan provisions, the
         Participant would not otherwise be entitled to receive an allocation,
         would have received a lesser allocation for the year because of (i) the
         Participant's failure to complete 1,000 hours of service (or any
         equivalent provided in the Plan), (ii) the Participant's failure to
         make mandatory employee contributions (including elective deferral
         contributions) to the Plan, or (iii) Compensation less than a stated
         amount. Neither Elective Deferrals nor Matching Contributions may be
         taken into account for the purpose of satisfying the minimum Top Heavy
         contribution requirements.

               (b)   For purposes of computing the minimum allocation,
         Compensation will mean Compensation as defined in Section 1.11 of the
         Plan, as limited by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code.

               (c)   The provision in (a) above shall not apply to any
         Participant who was not employed by the Employer on the last day of the
         Plan Year.

               (d)   The Employer hereby designates that the minimum allocation
         or benefit requirement applicable to Top Heavy plans will be met in any
         other plan or plans maintained by the Employer, and the provision in
         (a) above shall not apply to any Participant to the extent the
         Participant is covered under any other such plan or plans of the
         Employer.

               (e)   The minimum allocation or benefit requirement applicable
         to Top Heavy plans (to the extent required to be nonforfeitable under
         section 416(b) of the Code) may not be forfeited under Section
         411(a)(3)(B) or 411(a)(3)(D) of the Code.

         11.5  Vesting. For any Plan Year in which this Plan is Top Heavy, each
Employee's interest in his or her Account Balance attributable to Employer
contributions shall be fully vested and nonforfeitable. The minimum vesting
schedule applies to all benefits within the meaning of Section 411(a)(7) of the
Code except those attributable to employee contributions, including benefits
accrued before the effective date of Section 416 of the Code and benefits
accrued before the Plan became Top Heavy. Further, no decrease in a
Participant's nonforfeitable percentage may occur in the event the Plan's status
as Top Heavy changes for any Plan Year. However, this Section does not apply to
the account balances of any Employee who does not have an hour of service after
the Plan has initially become Top Heavy and such Employee's account balance
attributable to Employer contributions and forfeitures will be determined
without regard to this Section.

                                   ARTICLE XII

                           ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

         12.1  Duties and Responsibilities of Fiduciaries; Allocation of
Fiduciary Responsibility. A fiduciary to the Plan shall have only those specific
powers, duties, responsibilities and obligations as are explicitly given him
under the Plan and Trust Agreement. In general, the Employer shall have the sole
responsibility for making contributions to the Plan required under Article III
of the Plan, appointing the Trustee and the Plan Administrator, and determining
the funds available for investment under the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall
have the sole responsibility for the administration of the Plan, as more fully
described in Section 12.2. It is intended that each fiduciary shall be
responsible only for the proper exercise of his own powers, duties,
responsibilities and obligations under the Plan and Trust Agreement, and shall
not be responsible for any act or failure to act of another fiduciary. A
fiduciary may serve in more than one fiduciary capacity with respect to the
Plan.

         12.2  Powers and Responsibilities of the Plan Administrator.

               (a)   Administration of the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall
         have all powers necessary to administer the Plan, including the power
         to construe and interpret the Plan documents; to decide all questions
         relating to an individual's eligibility to participate in the Plan; to
         determine the amount, manner and timing of any distribution of benefits
         or withdrawal under the Plan; to approve and insure the repayment of
         any loan to a Participant under the Plan; to resolve any claim for
         benefits in accordance with Section 12.7; and to appoint or employ
         advisors, including legal counsel, to render advice with respect to any
         of the Plan Administrator's responsibilities under the Plan. Any
         construction, interpretation or application of the Plan by the Plan
         Administrator shall be final, conclusive and binding. All actions by
         the Plan Administrator shall be taken pursuant to uniform standards
         applied to all persons similarly situated. The Plan Administrator shall
         have no power to add to, subtract from or modify any of the terms of
         the Plan, or to change or add to any benefits provided by the Plan, or
         to waive or fail to apply any requirements of eligibility for a benefit
         under the Plan.



               (b)   Records and Reports. The Plan Administrator shall be
         responsible for maintaining sufficient records to reflect the
         Compensation of each Participant for purposes of determining the amount
         of contributions that may be made by or on behalf of the Participant
         under the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for
         submitting all required reports and notification relating to the Plan
         to Participants or their Beneficiaries, the Internal Revenue Service
         and the Department of Labor.

               (c)   Furnishing Trustee with Instructions. The Plan
         Administrator shall be responsible for furnishing the Trustee with
         written instructions regarding all contributions to the Trust, all
         distributions to Participants and all loans to Participants. In
         addition, the Plan Administrator shall be responsible for furnishing
         the Trustee with any further information respecting the Plan which the
         Trustee may request for the performance of its duties or for the
         purpose of making any returns to the Internal Revenue Service or
         Department of Labor as may be required of the Trustee.

               (d)   Rules and Decisions. The Plan Administrator may adopt such
         rules as it deems necessary, desirable or appropriate in the
         administration of the Plan. All rules and decisions of the Plan
         Administrator shall be applied uniformly and consistently to all
         Participants in similar circumstances. When making a determination of
         calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon
         information furnished by a Participant or Beneficiary, the Employer,
         and the legal counsel of the Employer or the Trustee.

               (e)   Application and Forms for Benefits. The Plan Administrator
         may require a Participant or Beneficiary to complete and file with it
         an application for a benefit, and to furnish all pertinent information
         requested by it. The Plan Administrator may rely upon all such
         information so furnished to it, including the Participant's or
         Beneficiary's current mailing address.

         12.3  Allocation of Duties and Responsibilities. The Plan Administrator
may by written instrument allocate among its members or employees any of its
duties and responsibilities not already allocated under the plan or may carry
out any of the Plan Administrator's duties and responsibilities under the Plan.
Any such duties or responsibilities thus allocated must be described in the
written instrument. If a person other than an Employee of the Employer is so
designated, such person must acknowledge in writing his acceptance of the duties
and responsibilities allocated to him.

         12.4  Appointment of the Plan Administrator. The Employer shall
designate the Plan Administrator who shall administer the Plan. Such Plan
Administrator may consist of an individual, a committee of two or more
individuals, whether or not, in either such case, the individual or any of such
individuals are Employees of the Employer, a consulting firm or other
independent agent, the Trustee (with its consent) or the Employer itself. Except
as the Employer shall otherwise expressly determine, the Plan Administrator
shall be charged with the full power and the responsibility for administering
the Plan in all its details. If no Plan Administrator has been appointed by the
Employer, or if the person designated as Plan Administrator by the Employer is
not serving as such for any reason, the Employer shall be deemed to be the Plan
Administrator of the Plan. The Plan Administrator may be removed by the
Employer, or may resign by giving notice in writing to the Employer, and in the
event of the removal, resignation or death, or other termination of service by
the Plan Administrator, the Employer shall, as soon as practicable, appoint a
successor Plan Administrator, such successor thereafter to have all of the
rights, privileges, duties and obligations of the predecessor Plan
Administrator.

         12.5  Expenses. The Employer shall pay all expenses authorized and
incurred by the Plan in the administration of the Plan (including Trustee's
fees) except to the extent such expenses are paid from the Trust.

         12.6  Liabilities. The Plan Administrator and each person to whom
duties and responsibilities have been allocated pursuant to Section 12.3 may be
indemnified and held harmless by the Employer with respect to any alleged breach
of responsibilities performed or to be performed hereunder.

         12.7  Claims Procedure.

               (a)   Filing a Claim. Any Participant or Beneficiary under the
         Plan may file a written claim for a Plan Benefit with the Plan
         Administrator or with a person named by the Plan Administrator to
         receive claims under the Plan.

               (b)   Notice of Denial of Claim. In the event of a denial or
         limitation of any benefit or payment due to or requested by any
         Participant or Beneficiary under the Plan ("Claimant"), Claimant shall
         be given a written notification containing specific reasons for the
         denial or limitation of his benefit. The written notification shall
         contain specific reference to the pertinent Plan provisions on which
         the denial or limitation of his benefit is based. In addition, it shall
         contain a description of any other material or information necessary
         for the Claimant to perfect a claim, and an explanation of why such
         material or information is necessary. The notification shall further
         provide appropriate information as to the steps to be taken if the
         Claimant wishes to submit his claim for review. This written
         notification shall be given to a Claimant within 90 days after receipt
         of his claim by the Plan Administrator unless special circumstances
         require an extension of time for processing the claim. If such an
         extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the
         extension shall be furnished to the claimant prior to the termination
         of said 90-day period, and such notice shall indicate the special
         circumstances which make the postponement appropriate.

               (c)   Right of Review. In the event of denial or limitation of
         his benefit, the Claimant or his duly authorized representative shall
         be permitted to review pertinent documents and to submit to the Plan
         Administrator issues and comments in writing. In addition, the Claimant
         or his duly authorized representative may make a written request for a
         full and fair review of his claim and its denial by the Plan
         Administrator; provided, however, that such written request must be
         received by the Plan Administrator (or its delegate to receive such
         requests) within 60 days after receipt by the Claimant of written
         notification of the denial or limitation of the claim. The 60-day
         requirement may be waived by the Plan Administrator in appropriate
         cases.

               (d)   Decision on Review. A decision shall be rendered by the
         Plan Administrator within 60 days after the receipt of the request for
         review, provided that where special circumstances require an extension
         of time for processing the decision, it may be postponed on written
         notice to the Claimant (prior to the expiration of the initial 60-day
         period) for an additional 60 days after the receipt of such request for
         review. Any decision by the Plan Administrator shall be furnished to
         the Claimant in writing and shall set forth the specific reasons for
         the decision and the specific Plan provisions on which the decision is
         based.

               (e)   Court Action. No Participant, Beneficiary or other
         Claimant shall have the right to seek judicial review of a denial of
         benefits, or to bring any action in any court to enforce a claim for
         benefits prior to filing a claim for benefits or exhausting his rights
         to review under this Section 12.7.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                        AMENDMENT, TERMINATION AND MERGER

         13.1  Amendments.

               (a)   The Employer expressly reserves the right to amend this
         Plan and Trust from time to time. No such amendment shall in any way
         impair, reduce or affect any Participant's vested and nonforfeitable
         rights in the Trust.

               (b)   No amendment to the Plan shall be effective to the extent
         that it has the effect of decreasing a Participant's Accrued Benefit.
         Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant's account balance
         may be reduced to the extent permitted under Section 412(c)(8) of the
         Code. For purposes of this paragraph, a plan amendment which has the
         effect of decreasing a Participant's account balance or eliminating an
         optional form of benefit, with respect to benefits attributable to
         service before the amendment shall be treated as reducing an Accrued
         Benefit. Furthermore, if the vesting schedule of a plan is amended, in
         the case of an Employee who is a Participant in the Plan as of the
         later of the date such amendment is adopted or the date it becomes
         effective, the nonforfeitable percentage (determined as of such date)
         of such Employee's right to his Employer-derived Accrued Benefit will
         not be less than his percentage computed under the Plan without regard
         to such amendment.

         13.2  Plan Termination; Discontinuance of Employer Contributions.

               (a)   The Employer may terminate the Plan at any time in whole
         or in part. In the event of the dissolution, merger, consolidation or
         reorganization of the Employer, the Plan shall automatically terminate
         and the Trust shall be liquidated as provided in paragraph (b) below
         unless the Plan is continued by a successor Employer in accordance with
         Section 13.3.

               (b)   Upon the complete or partial termination of the Plan or
         the complete discontinuance of Employer contributions under the Plan,
         the Accrued Benefit of all Participants affected thereby shall become
         fully vested and nonforfeitable, and the Plan Administrator shall
         direct the Trustee to distribute assets remaining in the Trust, after
         payment of any expenses properly chargeable thereto, to Participants or
         their Beneficiaries.

         13.3  Successor Employer. In the event of the dissolution, merger,
consolidation or reorganization of the Employer, provision may be made by which
the Plan and Trust shall be continued by a successor Employer, in which case
such successor Employer shall be substituted for the Employer under the Plan.
The substitution of the successor Employer shall constitute an assumption of
Plan liabilities by the successor Employer, and the successor Employer shall
have all powers, duties and responsibilities of the Employer under the Plan.

         13.4  Merger, Consolidation or Transfer. In the event of a merger or
consolidation of the Plan with, or transfer of assets or liabilities of the Plan
to, any other plan of deferred compensation maintained or to be established for
the benefit of all or some of the Participants of the Plan, the transaction
shall be structured so that each Participant would (if the Plan then terminated)
receive a benefit immediately after the merger, consolidation or transfer which
is equal to or greater than the benefit the Participant would have been entitled
to receive immediately before the merger, consolidation or transfer (if this
Plan had then terminated).

                                   ARTICLE XIV

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         14.1  Exclusive Benefit of Participants and Beneficiaries.

               (a)   All assets of the Trust shall be retained for the
         exclusive benefit of Participants and their Beneficiaries, and shall be
         used only to pay benefits to such persons or to pay reasonable fees and
         expenses of the Trust and of the administration of the Plan. The assets
         of the Trust shall not revert to the benefit of the Employer, except as
         otherwise specifically provided in Section 14.1(b).

               (b)   Contributions to the Trust under this Plan are subject to
         the following conditions:

                     (i)   If a contribution or any part thereof is made to
               the Trust by the Employer under a mistake of fact, such
               contribution or part thereof shall be returned to the Employer
               within one year after the date the contribution is made;

                     (ii)  In the event that the Commissioner of Internal
               Revenue determines that the Plan is not initially qualified
               under the Internal Revenue Code, any contribution made
               incident to that initial qualification by the Employer must be
               returned to the Employer within one year after the date the
               initial qualification is denied, but only if the application
               for the qualification is made by the time prescribed by law
               for filing the Employer's return for the taxable year in which
               the Plan is adopted, or such later date as the Secretary of
               the Treasury may prescribe; and

                     (iii) Contributions to the Trust are specifically
               conditioned on their deductibility under the Code and, to the
               extent a deduction is disallowed for any such contribution,
               such amount shall be returned to the Employer within one year
               after the date of the disallowance of the deduction.

         14.2  Nonguarantee of Employment. Nothing contained in this Plan shall
be construed as a contract of employment between the Employer and any Employee,
or as a right of any Employee to be continued in the employment of the Employer,
or as a limitation of the right of the Employer to discharge any of its
Employees, with or without cause.

         14.3  Rights to Trust Assets. No Employee, Participant or Beneficiary
shall have any right to, or interest in, any assets of the Trust upon
termination of employment or otherwise, except as provided under the Plan. All
payments of benefits under the Plan shall be made solely out of the assets of
the Trust.

         14.4  Nonalienation of Benefits. Except as provided under Article X of
the Plan, with respect to Plan loans, benefits payable under the Plan shall not
be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution or levy of any
kind, voluntary or involuntary; provided, however, that the Trustee shall not be
hereby precluded from complying with a qualified domestic relations order
described in Section 414(p) of the Code, or any domestic relations order entered
before January 1, 1985, requiring deduction from distributions to a recipient in
pay status for alimony or support payments. Any attempt to anticipate, alienate,
sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise dispose of any
right to benefits payable hereunder shall be void. The Trust shall not in any
manner be liable for, or subject to, the debts, contracts, liabilities,
engagements or torts of any person entitled to benefits hereunder.

         14.5  Gender . The use of the masculine pronoun shall extend to and
include the feminine gender wherever appropriate, the use of the singular shall
include the plural and the use of the plural shall include the singular wherever
appropriate.

         14.6  Titles and Headings. The titles or headings of the respective
Articles and Sections are inserted merely for convenience and shall be given no
legal effect.

         14.7  Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations. If any of the
provisions of this Plan or of the Trust Agreement are at any time in any way
inconsistent with any laws of the United States of America or the laws of any
state if not preempted by ERISA, or any regulations of the Internal Revenue
Service, U.S. Department of Labor, or any other Federal or state regulatory
authority, in a manner that adversely affects the qualified status of the Plan
under Section 401(a) of the Code or the tax-exempt status of the Trust under
Section 501(a) of the Code, or may result in any civil penalties under ERISA or
any other law, then the Employer, the Administrator and the Trustee shall comply
with the requirements of such laws or regulations, rather than with the
provisions of the Plan and Trust which are inconsistent therewith. The Employer,
Administrator and Trustee shall incur no liability for following such laws,
rules or regulations.

         14.8  Qualified Military Service. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Plan to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to
qualified military service will be provided in accordance with Section 414(u) of
the Code.

                                 TRUST AGREEMENT

         The Employer has established a Plan to provide retirement, death and
disability benefits for eligible Employees and their Beneficiaries pursuant to
section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As part of the
Plan, the Employer has requested T. Rowe Price Trust Company to serve as Trustee
pursuant to the Trust established for the investment of contributions under the
Plan upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Unless the
context of this Trust Agreement clearly indicates otherwise, the terms defined
in Article I of the Plan entered into by the Employer, of which this Trust
Agreement forms a part, shall, when used herein, have the same meaning as in
said Plan.

                                    ARTICLE I
Accounts

1.1      Establishing Accounts

         The Trustee shall open and maintain a trust account for the Plan and,
         as part thereof, Participant's accounts for such individuals as the
         Administrator shall, from time to time, give written notice to the
         Trustee as being Participants in the Plan. The Trustee shall also open
         and maintain such other accounts as may be appropriate or desirable to
         aid in the administration of the Plan. A separate account shall be
         maintained for each Participant and shall be credited with the
         contributions made and any forfeitures allocated to each such
         Participant pursuant to the Plan (and all earnings thereon). The
         Trustee shall open and maintain as a part of the Trust a separate
         account for each Participant who makes required or voluntary
         contributions, each such account to be credited with the Participant's
         required or voluntary contributions (and all earnings attributable to
         such contributions).

1.2      Charges Against Accounts

         Upon receipt of written instructions from the Administrator, the
         Trustee shall charge the appropriate account of the Participant for
         any withdrawals or distributions made under the Plan and any
         forfeiture of unvested interests attributable to Employer
         contributions which may be required under the Plan. The Administrator
         will give written instructions to the Trustee specifying the manner in
         which Employer contributions and any forfeiture of the nonvested
         portion of accounts, as allocated by the Administrator in accordance
         with the provisions of the Plan, are to be credited to the various
         accounts maintained for Participants.

1.3      Prospectus to be Provided

         The Administrator shall ensure that a Participant who makes a required
         or voluntary contribution has previously received or receives a copy of
         the then current prospectus relating to the Investment Options.
         Delivery of such a required or voluntary contribution, pursuant to the
         provisions of the Plan by the Administrator to the Trustee, shall
         entitle the Trustee to assume that the Participant has received such a
         prospectus.

                                   ARTICLE II

2.1      Receipt of Contributions

         The Trustee shall accept and hold in the trust contributions made by
         the Employer and Participants under the Plan. The Administrator shall
         give written instructions to the Trustee specifying the specific
         Participants' accounts to which contributions are to be credited, the
         amount of each such credit which is attributable to Employer
         contributions and the amount, if any, which is attributable to the
         Participants' required or voluntary contributions. If written
         instructions are not received by the Trustee, or if such instructions
         are received but are deemed by the Trustee to be unclear, upon notice
         to the Employer, the Trustee may elect to hold all or part of any such
         contribution in cash, without liability for rising security prices or
         distributions made pending receipt by it from the Administrator of
         written instructions or other clarifications. If any contributions or
         earnings are less than any minimum which the then current prospectus
         for the Investment Options require, the Trustee may hold the specified
         portion of the contributions or earnings in cash, without interest,
         until such time as the proper amount has been contributed or earned so
         that the investment in the Investment Options required under the Plan
         may be made.

                                   ARTICLE III

Investment Powers of the Trustee

3.1      Investment of Trust Assets.

         The Trustee shall invest the amount of each contribution made hereunder
         and all earnings thereon in full and fractional shares of the
         Investment Options in accordance with the current prospectus for such
         Investment Option, in such amounts and proportions as shall from time
         to time be designated by the Administrator, or the Participant if the
         Plan so permits, on forms provided by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. or
         a subsidiary thereof, and shall credit such Investment Options to the
         accounts of each Participant on whose behalf or by whom the
         contributions are made and any forfeitures are allocated. All dividends
         and capital gain distributions received on the Investment Options held
         by the Trustee in each account, shall, if received in cash, be
         reinvested in such Investment Options in accordance with the current
         prospectus for such Investment Option and shall in any event be
         credited to such account. The Trustee shall deliver, or cause to be
         executed and delivered, to the Administrator all notices, prospectuses,
         financial statements, proxies and proxy soliciting materials relating
         to the Investment Options held hereunder. The Trustee shall not vote
         any of the shares of the Investment Options held hereunder, except in
         accordance with the written instructions of the Administrator and/or
         Participant. The obligations of the Trustee hereunder may be delegated
         by it as provided in Sections 9.1 and 9.2 of this Trust Agreement.

         The Trustee shall sell shares and purchase shares in the Investments
         Options to accomplish any change in investments desired by the Employer
         as indicated in any amended Plan or other instruction in accordance
         with the terms of the Plan.

3.2      Directed Investments.

         With respect to any directions received by the Trustee with regard to
         the investment of Employer and Participant contributions, designating
         the investments to be made in the Investment Options by Participants,
         the Trustee is authorized and empowered to make and deal with such
         investments as provided in such direction and shall have in connection
         with such investments all powers herein provided.

3.3      General Investment Powers.

         To the extent that the Trustee is not given appropriate directions with
         respect to investments, then, the Trustee shall be authorized and
         empowered to invest and reinvest all of the funds in any of the
         Investment Options which, in the opinion of the Trustee, offers
         reasonable possibilities for preservation of capital.

3.4      Other Powers of the Trustee

         The Trustee is authorized and empowered with respect to the Trust:

         (a)   subject to the requirement of investment in shares of the
               Investment Options, the Trustee may sell, exchange, convey,
               transfer or otherwise dispose of, either at public or private
               sale, any property, any time held by it, for such
               consideration and on such terms and conditions as to credit or
               otherwise as the Trustee may deem best;

         (b)   subject to the provisions of Section 3.1 hereof, and subject
               to the provisions of Section 3.7 hereof, to vote in person or
               by proxy any shares of the Investment Options held by it and
               to join in, or to dissent from and to oppose, the
               reorganization, consolidation, liquidation, sale or merger of
               any corporation or properties in which it may be interested as
               Trustee, upon such terms and conditions as it may deem wise;

         (c)   to make, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all
               documents of transfer and conveyance and any and all other
               instruments that may be necessary or appropriate to carry out
               the powers herein granted;

         (d)   to register any investment held in the trust in its own name,
               in the name of the Trust or in the name of a nominee, and to
               hold any investment in bearer form, but the books and records
               of the Trustee shall at all times show that all such
               investments are part of the Trust;

         (e)   to employ suitable agents and counsel (who may also be counsel
               for the Employer) and to pay their reasonable expenses and
               compensation;

         (f)   to borrow or raise monies for the purpose of the Trust from
               any source and for any sum so borrowed to issue its promissory
               note as Trustee, and to secure the repayments thereof by
               pledging all or any part of the Trust, but nothing herein
               contained shall obligate the Trustee to render itself liable
               individually for the amount of any such borrowing; and no
               person loaning money to the Trustee shall be bound to see to
               the application of money loaned or to inquire into the
               validity, expedience or propriety of any such borrowing; and

         (g)   if any dispute shall arise as to the persons to whom payments
               and the delivery of any monies or property shall be made by
               the Trustee or the amounts thereof, to retain such payments
               and/or postpone such delivery until actual adjudication of
               such dispute shall have been made in a court of competent
               jurisdiction or until the Trustee shall be indemnified against
               loss to his satisfaction.

         Each and all of the foregoing powers may be exercised without court
         order or approval. No one dealing with the Trustee need inquire
         concerning the validity or propriety of anything that is done or need
         see to the application of any money paid or property transferred to or
         upon the order of the Trustee.

3.5      General Powers

         The Trustee shall have all of the powers necessary or desirable to do
         all acts, take all such proceedings and exercise all such rights and
         privileges, whether or not expressly authorized herein, which it may
         deem necessary or proper for the administration and protection of the
         property of the Trust and to accomplish any action provided for in the
         Plan.

3.6      Employer Securities

         The Administrator and/or Participants in the Plan may direct that all
         or a portion of the Fund be invested in Qualifying Employer Securities
         within the meaning of Section 407(d)(5) of the Employee Retirement
         Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the Trustees shall follow
         the proper directions of the Administrator and/or Participants as to
         such investment.

         The Trustee shall be fully entitled to rely upon the directions of the
         Administrator and/or Participants as to investments in Qualifying
         Employer Securities and the Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless
         the Trustee against any and all claims, liabilities and expenses
         arising out of or related to such directions and the acquisition and
         retention of Qualifying Employer Securities pursuant thereto.

         As a condition of acquiring or retaining Qualifying Employer Securities
         pursuant to this Section 3.6, the Trustee may, in its discretion,
         require assurances satisfactory to it that the acquisition and holding
         of such Qualifying Employer Securities will not constitute prohibited
         transactions under Section 406 of ERISA, or under Section 4975 of the
         Code.

         The Trustee shall deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered to the
         Administrator, all notices, prospectuses, financial statements, proxies
         and proxy-soliciting materials relating to Qualifying Employer
         Securities held by it.

3.7      Voting, Tendering and Exchanging Company Stock

         Each Participant in the Plan (or, in the event of the Participant's
         death, the Participant's Beneficiary) is, for purposes of this Section
         3.7, hereby designated a "named fiduciary" within the meaning of ERISA
         Section 403(a)(1).

         (a)   Instructed Share Voting. Each Participant (or, if applicable,
               Beneficiary), as a named fiduciary, shall be entitled to direct
               the Plan and Trustee as to the manner in which Company Stock
               allocated to such Participant's (or Beneficiary's) accounts is to
               be voted on each matter brought before an annual or special
               stockholders' meeting of the Company. Before each such meeting of
               stockholders, the Trustee shall cause to be furnished to each
               Participant (or, if applicable, Beneficiary) a copy of the proxy
               solicitation material, together with a form requesting
               confidential directions on how such shares of Company Stock
               allocated to such Participant's (or Beneficiary's) accounts shall
               be voted on each such matter. Upon timely receipt of such
               directions, the Trustee shall on each such matter, vote as
               directed the number of votes attributable to such Participant (or
               Beneficiary).

               The number of votes attributable to each Participant (or, if
               applicable, Beneficiary) shall be determined as follows:

               (1)   first, the total number of votes attributable to
                     Company Stock held in the Plan shall be determined;

               (2)   second, the number of votes determined under (1),
                     above, shall be attributed to each Participant (or,
                     if applicable, Beneficiary), in the ratio which the
                     number of shares of Company Stock allocated to such
                     Participant's accounts as of the record date bears to
                     the total number of shares of Company Stock held in
                     the Plan as of such date.

               Each Participant (or, if applicable, Beneficiary), as a named
               fiduciary, shall be entitled to separately direct the vote of
               a portion of the number of votes with respect to which a
               signed voting-direction instrument is not timely received from
               other Participants (or, if applicable, Beneficiaries)
               ("Undirected Votes"). Such direction with respect to each
               Participant (or, if applicable, Beneficiary) who timely elects
               to direct the vote of Undirected Votes as a named fiduciary
               shall be with respect to a number of Undirected Votes equal to
               the total number of Undirected Votes multiplied by a fraction,
               the numerator of which is the total number of votes
               attributable to such Participant (or Beneficiary) and the
               denominator of which is the total number of votes attributable
               to all Participants (or, if applicable, Beneficiaries) who
               timely elect to vote Undirected Votes as a named fiduciary.

         (b)   Responding to Tender and Exchange Offers. Each Participant (or,
               if applicable, Beneficiary), as a named fiduciary, shall have the
               right, to the extent of the number of shares of Company Stock
               allocated to such Participant's (or Beneficiary's) accounts, to
               direct the Trustee in writing as to the manner in which to
               respond to such tender or exchange offer with respect to shares
               of Company Stock. The Trustee shall use its best efforts to
               timely distribute or cause to be distributed to each Participant
               (or, if applicable, Beneficiary) such information as will be
               distributed to stockholders of the Company in connection with any
               such tender or exchange offer. Upon timely receipt of such
               instructions, the Trustee shall respond as instructed with
               respect to shares of Common Stock allocated to such Participant's
               accounts. If the Trustee shall not receive timely instructions
               from a Participant (or, if applicable, Beneficiary) as to the
               manner in which to respond to such a tender or exchange offer,
               the Trustee shall not tender or exchange any shares of Company
               Stock with respect to which such Participant (or Beneficiary) has
               the right of direction. In effecting the foregoing, to the extent
               possible, the Trustee shall tender or exchange shares of Company
               Stock entitled to one vote per share prior to shares of Company
               Stock having greater than one vote per share.

         Any instructions received by the Trustee from Participants (or, if
         applicable, Beneficiaries) pursuant to this Section 3.7 shall be held
         by the Trustee in strict confidence and shall not be divulged or
         released to any person, including officers or Employees of the Company
         or a Related Company; provided, however, that to the extent necessary
         for the operation of the Plan, such instructions may be relayed by the
         Trustee to a recordkeeper, auditor or other person providing services
         to the Plan if such person (i) is not the Company, an Affiliated
         Employer or any Employee, officer or director thereof, and (ii) agrees
         not to divulge such directions to any other person, including
         Employees, officers and directors of the Company and its Affiliated
         Employers.

3.8      Registration and Disclosure for Company Stock

         The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for determining the
         applicability (and, if applicable, complying with) the requirements of
         the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the California Corporate
         Securities Law of 1968, as amended, and any other applicable blue sky
         law. The Plan Administrator shall also specify what restrictive legend
         or transfer restriction, if any, is required to be set forth on the
         certificates for the securities and the procedure to be followed by the
         Trustee to effectuate a resale of such securities.

                                   ARTICLE IV

4.1      Distributions from a Participant's Account

         Distribution from the Trust shall be made by the Trustee in accordance
         with proper written directions or the Administrator in accordance with
         the provisions of Articles VII and VIII of the Plan, and the
         Administrator shall have the sole responsibility for determining that
         the directions given conform to provisions of the Plan and applicable
         law, including (without limitation) responsibility for calculating the
         vested interests of the Participants, for calculating the amounts
         payable to a Participant pursuant to Article VII of the Plan, and for
         determining the proper person to whom benefits are payable under the
         Plan.

                                    ARTICLE V

5.1      Reports of the Trustee and the Administrator

         The Trustee shall keep accurate and detailed records of all receipts,
         investments, disbursements and other transactions required to be
         performed hereunder with respect to the Trust. Not later than ninety
         (90) days after the close of each Plan Year (or after the Trustee's
         resignation or removal pursuant to Article XI hereof), the Trustee
         shall file with the Administrator a written report or reports
         reflecting the receipts, disbursements and other transactions effected
         by it with respect to the Trust during such Plan Year (or period ending
         with such resignation or removal) and the assets and liabilities of the
         Trust at the close of each Plan Year. Such report or reports shall be
         open to inspection by any Participant for a period of one hundred
         eighty (180) days immediately following the date on which it is filed
         with the Administrator. Except as otherwise prescribed by ERISA, upon
         the expiration of such one hundred eighty (180) days period, the
         Trustee shall be forever released and discharged from all liability and
         accountability to anyone with respect to its acts, transactions,
         duties, obligations or responsibilities as shown in or reflected by
         such report, except with respect to any such acts or transactions as to
         which the Administrator shall have filed written objections with the
         Trustee within such one hundred eighty (180) day period, and except for
         willful misconduct or lack of good faith on the part of the Trustee.

                                   ARTICLE VI

6.1      Trustee's Fees and Expenses of the Trust

         The Trustee's fees for performing its duties hereunder shall be such
         reasonable amounts as shall be established by it from time to time. The
         Trustee will furnish the Administrator with its current schedule of
         fees and shall give written notice to the Administrator whenever its
         fees are changed or revised. Such fees, any taxes of any kind
         whatsoever which may be levied or assessed upon or in respect of the
         Trust, and any and all expenses incurred by the Trustee in the
         performance of its duties, including fees for legal services rendered
         to the Trustee, shall, unless paid by the Employer, be paid from the
         Trust in the manner provided for in the Plan.

         All fees of the Trustee and taxes and other expenses charged to a
         Participant's account will be collected by the Trustee from the amount
         of any contribution to be credited or distribution to be charged to
         such account or, if there are no such contributions or distributions,
         shall be paid by redeeming or selling assets credited to such accounts.

                                   ARTICLE VII

Duties of the Employer and the Administrator

7.1      Information and Data to be Furnished the Trustee.

         In addition to making the contributions called for in Article II
         hereof, the Employer, through the Administrator, agrees to furnish the
         Trustee with such information and data relative to the Plan as is
         necessary for the proper administration of the Trust established
         hereunder.

7.2      Limitation of Duties.

         Neither the Employer nor any of its officers, directors or partners,
         nor the Administrator shall have any duties or obligations with respect
         to this Trust Agreement, except those expressly set forth herein and in
         the Plan.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

8.1      Liability of the Trust

         (1)   The Trustee shall not be responsible in any way for the
               collection of contributions provided for under the Plan, the
               adequacy of the assets of the Plan to meet the Plan's obligation,
               the propriety of any contribution, the purpose or the propriety
               of any distribution made pursuant to Article VII thereof or of
               any allocation of contributions or forfeitures, or any other
               action or nonaction taken pursuant to the Administrator's
               request. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the
               administration of the Plan, its validity or effect, or the
               qualification of the Plan under the Code. The Trustee shall be
               under no duty to take any action other than as herein specified
               with respect to the Trust unless the Administrator shall furnish
               the Trustee with instructions in proper form and such
               instructions shall have been specifically agreed to by the
               Trustee in writing; or to defend or engage in any suit with
               respect to the Trust unless the Trustee shall have first agreed
               in writing to do so and shall have been fully indemnified to the
               satisfaction of the Trustee. The Trustee, unless it knows that
               the instruction constitutes a breach of the Administrator's
               duties or responsibilities under the Plan, may conclusively rely
               upon and shall be protected in acting upon any written order from
               the Administrator or any other notice, request, consent,
               certificate or other instrument or paper believed by it to be
               genuine and to have been properly executed and, so long as it
               acts in good faith, in taking or omitting to take any other
               action.

         (2)   The Employer shall indemnify and hold the Trustee (including its
               affiliates, representatives and agents) harmless from and against
               any liability, cost or other expense, including, but not limited
               to, the payment of attorney's fees that the Trustee may incur in
               connection with this Agreement or the Plan unless such liability,
               cost or other expenses (whether direct or indirect) arises from
               the Trustee's own willful misconduct or gross negligence. The
               Employer recognizes that a burden of litigation may be imposed
               upon the Trustee as a result of some act or transaction for which
               it has no responsibility or over which it has no control under
               this Agreement. Therefore, the Employer agrees to indemnify and
               hold harmless and, if requested, defend the Trustee (including
               its affiliates, representatives and agents) from any expenses
               (including counsel fees, liabilities, claims, damages, actions,
               suits or other charges) incurred by the Trustee in prosecuting or
               defending against any such litigation.

         (3)   The Trustee shall not be liable for, and the Employer will
               indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee (including its
               affiliates, representatives and agents) from and against all
               liability or expense (including counsel fees) because of (i) any
               investment action taken or omitted by the Trustee in accordance
               with any direction of the Employer or Participant, or investment
               inaction in the absence of directions from the Employer or a
               Participant or (ii) any investment action taken by the Trustee
               pursuant to an order to purchase or sell securities placed by the
               Employer or a Participant directly with a broker, dealer or
               issuer. It is understood that although, when the Trustee is
               subject to the direction of the Employer or a Participant, the
               Trustee will perform certain ministerial duties with respect to
               the portion of the Trust subject to such direction (the "Directed
               Fund"). Such duties do not involve the exercise of any
               discretionary authority or other authority to manage and control
               assets of the Directed Fund and will be performed in the normal
               course of business by officers and Employees of the Trustee or
               its affiliates, representatives or agents who may be unfamiliar
               with investment management. It is agreed that the Trustee is not
               undertaking any duty or obligation, express or implied, to
               review, and will not be deemed to have any knowledge of or
               responsibility with respect to, any transaction involving the
               investment of the Directed Fund as a result of the performance of
               its ministerial duties. Therefore, in the event that "knowledge"
               of the Trustee shall be a prerequisite of imposing a duty upon or
               determining liability of the Trustee under the Plan or this Trust
               or any law or regulation regulating the conduct of the Trustee,
               with respect to the Directed Fund, as a result of any act or
               omission of the Employer of any Participant, or as a result of
               any transaction engaged in by any of them, then the receipt and
               processing of investment orders or other documents relating to
               Plan assets by an officer or other Employee of the Trustee or its
               affiliates, representatives or agents engaged in the performance
               of purely ministerial functions shall not constitute "knowledge"
               of the Trustee.

                                   ARTICLE IX

Delegation of Powers

9.1      Delegation by the Trustee.

         The Trustee may delegate, by instrument in writing, to a person
         (individual, corporate or other entity) appointed as agent or custodian
         by it, any of the powers or functions of the Trustee hereunder other
         than the investment of the Trust assets, including (without
         limitation):

         o     custodianship of all or any part of the assets of the Trust;

         o     maintaining and accounting for the Trust and for Participant
               and other accounts as a part thereof;

         o     distribution of benefits as directed by the Administrator; and

         o     preparation of the annual report on the status of the Trust.

         The agent or custodian so appointed may act as agent for the Trustee,
         without investment responsibility, for fees to be mutually agreed upon
         by the Employer and the agent or custodian and paid in the same manner
         as Trustees' fees. The Trustee shall not be responsible for any act or
         omission of the agent or custodian arising from any such delegation,
         except to the extent provided in Article VIII hereof.

         If the Plan has more than one (1) Trustee, then fiduciary duties may be
         allocated among such Trustees.

9.2      Delegation with Employer Approval

         The Trustee and the Employer may, by mutual agreement, arrange for the
         delegation by the Trustee to the Administrator or any agent of the
         Employer of any powers or functions of the Trustee hereunder other than
         the investment and custody of the Trust assets. The Trustee shall not
         be responsible for any act or omission of such person or persons
         arising from any such delegation, except to the extent provided in
         Article VIII hereof.

                                    ARTICLE X

10.1     Amendment

         As provided in Article XII of the Plan, and subject to the limitations
         set forth therein, the Plan and Trust Agreement may be amended at any
         time, in whole or in part, by the Employer. No amendment to the Plan or
         Trust Agreement shall place any greater burden on the Trustee without
         the Trustee's written consent.

                                   ARTICLE XI

11.1     Resignation or Removal of Trustee

         The Trustee may resign at any time upon ninety (90) days notice in
         writing to the Employer, and may be removed by the Employer at any time
         upon ninety (90) days notice in writing to the Trustee. Upon such
         resignation or removal, the Employer shall appoint a successor Trustee
         or Trustees. Upon receipt by the Trustee of written acceptance of such
         appointment by the successor Trustee, the Trustee shall transfer and
         pay over to such successor the assets of the Trust and all records
         pertaining thereto, provided that any successor Trustee shall agree not
         to dispose of any such records without the Trustee's consent. The
         successor Trustee shall be entitled to rely on all accounts, records
         and other documents received by it from the Trustee, and shall not
         incur any liability whatsoever for such reliance. The Trustee is
         authorized, however, to reserve such sum of money or property as it may
         deem advisable for payment of all its expenses, or for payment of any
         other liabilities constituting a charge on or against the assets of the
         Trust or on or against the Trustee, with any balance or of such reserve
         remaining after the payment of all such items to be paid over to the
         successor Trustee. Upon the assignment, transfer and payment over of
         the assets of the Trust, and obtaining a receipt thereof from the
         successor Trustee, the Trustee shall be released and discharged for any
         and all claims, demands, duties and obligations arising out of the
         Trust and its management thereof, excepting only claims based upon the
         Trustee's willful misconduct or lack of good faith. The successor
         Trustee shall hold the assets paid over to it under terms similar to
         those of an agreement that qualifies under section 401 of the code. If
         within thirty (30) days after the Trustee's resignation or removal, the
         Employer has not appointed a successor Trustee which has accepted such
         appointment, the Trustee shall, unless it elects to terminate the Trust
         pursuant to Article XII hereof, appoint such successor itself.

                                   ARTICLE XII

Termination of the Trust Agreement

12.1     Term of the Trust Agreement.

         This Trust Agreement shall continue so long as the Plan is in full
         force and effect. If the Plan ceases to be in full force and effect,
         this Trust Agreement shall thereupon terminate unless expressly
         extended by the Employer.

12.2     Termination by the Trustee

         The Trustee may elect to terminate the Agreement if within thirty (30)
         days after its resignation or removal pursuant to Article XI the
         Employer has not appointed a successor Trustee which has accepted such
         appointment. Termination of the Agreement shall be effected by
         distributing all assets thereof to the Participants or other persons
         entitled thereto pursuant to the direction of the Administrator (or in
         the absence of such direction, as determined by the Trustee) as
         provided in Article VII of the Plan, subject to the Trustee's right to
         reserve Trusts as provided in Article XI hereof. Upon the completion of
         such distribution, the Trustee shall be relieved from all further
         liability with respect to all amounts so paid, other than any liability
         arising out of the Trustee's willful misconduct or lack of good faith.

12.3     Failure of Initial Qualification

         Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if a final
         determination letter is received from the Internal Revenue Service that
         the Plan as herein set forth or as amended prior to the receipt of such
         ruling does not qualify under Section 401 and 501 of the Code as to the
         Employer for the first taxable year for which it has been adopted by
         the Employer, the Employer, at its option, may withdraw all
         contributions theretofore made by it and any income earned thereon,
         less all expenses incurred, at the then current value thereof, and the
         Plan shall thereupon terminate and all rights of each Participant or
         his Beneficiary in the contributions made on his behalf by the Employer
         shall cease and come to an end. In the event of termination of the Plan
         pursuant to this Article there shall also be forthwith paid to each
         Participant the then value, if any, of his salary reduction and
         Rollover/Transfer Accounts. In the event of the receipt of such an
         adverse determination letter and the termination of the Plan as to an
         Employer, no Participant or Beneficiary of a Participant shall have a
         right or claim against the Trust or to any benefit under the Plan, and
         no benefits shall be paid to any Participant, former Participant or his
         Beneficiary.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

Miscellaneous

13.1     No Diversion of Assets

         At no time shall it be possible for any part of the assets of the Trust
         to be used for or diverted to purposes other than for the exclusive
         benefit of Participants and their Beneficiaries or revert to the
         Employer, except as specifically provided in the Plan or this Trust
         Agreement.

13.2     Notices

         Any notice from the Trustee to the Employer or from the Employer to the
         Trustee provided for in this Plan and Trust Agreement shall be
         effective if sent by first class mail at their respective last address
         of record.

13.3     Multiple Trustees

         In the event that there shall be two (2) or more Trustees serving
         hereunder, any action taken or decision made by any such Trustees may
         be taken or made by a majority of them with the same effect as if all
         had joined therein, if there be more than two (2), or unanimously if
         there be two (2).

13.4     Conflict with Plan

         In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and
         those of this Trust Agreement, the former shall prevail.

13.5     Applicable Law

         This Trust Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of
         the state where the Trustee has its principal place of business.



         THUS DONE AND SIGNED this 1st day of September, 2000.

                                      CENTURYTEL, INC.

                                            /s/ R. Stewart Ewing, Jr.
                                        By:____________________________________
                                               R. Stewart Ewing, Jr.



         THUS DONE AND SIGNED this 1st day of September, 2000.

                                       T. ROWE PRICE TRUST COMPANY


                                       By:_____________________________________


                                      -xiv-

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I...................................................................1
         DEFINITIONS........................................................1
                  1.1      Accrued Benefit..................................1
                  1.2      Active Participant...............................1
                  1.3      Additional Match Account.........................1
                  1.4      Additional Match Contributions...................1
                  1.5      Administrator or Plan Administrator..............1
                  1.6      Affiliated Employer..............................1
                  1.7      Beneficiary......................................2
                  1.8      Code.............................................2
                  1.9      Company..........................................2
                  1.10     Company Stock....................................2
                  1.11     Compensation.....................................2
                  1.12     Cost of Living Increase..........................2
                  1.13     Covered Employee.................................3
                  1.14     Distribution Date................................3
                  1.15     Earned Income....................................3
                  1.16     Effective Date...................................3
                  1.17     Elective Deferral Account........................3
                  1.18     Elective Deferrals...............................3
                  1.19     Employee.........................................3
                  1.20     Employer.........................................3
                  1.21     Employer Contribution Accounts...................3
                  1.22     Employer Match Account...........................4
                  1.23     Employer Match Contributions.....................4
                  1.24     Entry Date.......................................4
                  1.25     ERISA............................................4
                  1.26     ESOP.............................................4
                  1.27     ESOP Transfer Account............................4
                  1.28     Family Member....................................4
                  1.29     Frozen Accounts..................................4
                  1.30     Frozen After-Tax Account.........................4
                  1.31     Frozen Other Employer Accounts...................4
                  1.32     Frozen Plan......................................4
                  1.33     Frozen Predecessor Plans.........................4
                  1.34     Frozen Pre-Tax Account...........................5
                  1.35     Frozen Qualified Nonelective Account.............5
                  1.36     Frozen Rollover Account..........................5
                  1.37     Highly Compensated Employee......................5
                  1.38     Inactive Participant.............................6
                  1.39     Investment Options...............................6
                  1.40     Leased Employee..................................6
                  1.41     Matching Contributions...........................6
                  1.42     Net Profits......................................6
                  1.43     Non-Highly Compensated Employee..................6
                  1.44     Normal Retirement Age............................6
                  1.45     Normal Retirement Date...........................6
                  1.46     Owner-Employee...................................7
                  1.47     Participant......................................7
                  1.48     Participating Employer...........................7
                  1.49     Plan.............................................7
                  1.50     Plan Year........................................7
                  1.51     Predecessor Plans................................7
                  1.52     Prior Match Account..............................7
                  1.53     Qualified Matching Contribution Account..........7
                  1.54     Qualified Matching Contributions.................7
                  1.55     Qualified Non-Elective Contribution Account......8
                  1.56     Qualified Non-Elective Contributions.............8
                  1.57     Rollover/Transfer Account........................8
                  1.58     Self-Employed Individual.........................8
                  1.59     Sponsor..........................................8
                  1.60     Trust Agreement..................................8
                  1.61     Trustee..........................................8
                  1.62     Valuation Date...................................8
                  1.63     Voluntary After-Tax Account......................8

ARTICLE II..................................................................8
         ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION......................................8
                  2.1      Active Participation.............................8
                  2.2      Exclusion of Certain Employees...................8
                  2.3      Re-employment....................................9
                  2.4      Waiver of Participation..........................9

ARTICLE III.................................................................9
         CONTRIBUTIONS......................................................9
                  3.1      Elective Deferral Contributions..................9
                  3.2      Employer Contributions...........................11
                           (a)  Employer Match Contributions................11
                           (b)  Additional Match Contributions..............11
                           (c)  Payment.....................................12
                           (d)  Qualified Matching Contributions............12
                  3.3      Contribution Limitation..........................12
                  3.4      Payroll Taxes....................................12
                  3.5      Rollovers and Transfers..........................12
                  3.6      Average Actual Deferral Percentage Test
                           Under Section 401(k) of the Code.................13
                           (a)  General Tests...............................13
                           (b)  Definitions.................................13
                                    (i)   Actual Deferral Percentage........13
                                    (ii)  Average Actual Deferral
                                          Percentage........................14
                                    (iii) Eligible Participant..............14
                           (c)  Special Rules...............................14
                           (d) Distribution of Excess Contributions.........15
                           (e) Qualified Non-Elective Contributions.........16
                  3.7      Limitations on Employee Contributions
                           and Employer Matching Contributions..............16
                           (a)  General Tests...............................16
                           (b)  Definitions.................................17
                                    (i)   Average Contribution Percentage...17
                                    (ii)  Contribution Percentage...........17
                                    (iii) Eligible Participant..............17
                                    (iv)  Aggregate Limit...................17
                                    (v)   Contribution Percentage Amounts...17
                                    (vi)  Employee Contribution.............18
                                    (vii) Matching Contribution.............18
                           (c)  Special Rules...............................18
                           (d)  Distribution of Excess Aggregate
                                Contributions...............................19

ARTICLE IV..................................................................21
         ALLOCATION OF FUNDS................................................21
                  4.1      Allocation of Employer Contributions.............21
                  4.2      Allocation of Net Earnings or Losses of the Trust21
                  4.3      Valuations.......................................21
                  4.4      Accounting for Distributions.....................21
                  4.5      Separate Accounts................................21
                  4.6      Investment of Funds..............................21
                           (a)  Investment Control..........................21
                           (b)  Investment Limitations......................21
                           (c)  Participant Directed Investments............21
                           (d)  Participant Election........................22
                           (e)  Employer Securities.........................22
                           (f)  Facilitation................................22

ARTICLE V...................................................................22
         LIMITATION ON ALLOCATIONS..........................................22
                  5.1      Participants Not Covered Under Other Plans.......22
                  5.2      Participants Covered Under Other Defined
                           Contribution Plans...............................23
                  5.3      Participants Covered Under Both Defined Benefit
                           and Defined Contribution Plans...................25
                  5.4      Definitions......................................25
                           (a)  Annual Additions............................25
                           (b)  Compensation................................26
                           (c)  Defined Benefit Fraction....................27
                           (d)  Defined Contribution Dollar Limitation......27
                           (e)  Defined Contribution Fraction...............27
                           (f)  Employer....................................28
                           (g)  Excess Amount...............................28
                           (h)  Highest Average Compensation................28
                           (i)  Limitation Year.............................28
                           (j)  Maximum Permissible Amount..................28
                           (k)  Projected Annual Benefit....................29

ARTICLE VI..................................................................29
         ENTITLEMENT TO BENEFITS............................................29
                  6.1      Retirement.......................................29
                  6.2      Disability.......................................29
                  6.3      Death............................................30
                  6.4      Termination of Employment........................30
                  6.5      Other Permitted Distributions....................30
                           (a)  Hardship....................................30
                           (b)  Attainment of Age 591/2.....................31
                           (c)  Distribution Upon Plan Termination..........32
                           (d)  Distribution Upon Sale of Assets............32
                           (e)  Distribution Upon Sale of Subsidiary........32

ARTICLE VII.................................................................32
         DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS...........................................32
                  7.1      General..........................................32
                  7.2      Method of Distribution...........................32
                  7.3      Installment Payments.............................33
                  7.4      Spousal Consent..................................33
                  7.5      Commencement of Benefits.........................33
                  7.6      Minimum Required Distributions...................33
                           (a)  Required Beginning Date.....................33
                           (b)  Limits on Distribution Periods..............34
                           (c)  Minimum Amounts to be Distributed...........34
                  7.7      Distribution of Death Benefits...................35
                           (a)      Method of Distributions.................35
                           (b)      Definitions.............................36
                                    (i)   Applicable Life Expectancy........36
                                    (ii)  Designated Beneficiary............36
                                    (iii) Distribution Calendar Year........36
                                    (iv)  Life Expectancy...................36
                                    (v)   Participant's Benefit.............37
                                    (vi)  Required Beginning Date...........37
                  7.8      Distribution Upon Termination of Employment
                           and Restrictions on Immediate Distribution.......38
                  7.9      Distribution From After-Tax and Rollover/
                           Transfer Accounts................................39
                           (a)  Voluntary After-Tax and Frozen After-Tax
                                Accounts....................................39
                           (b)  Rollover/Transfer Account...................39
                  7.10     Direct Rollover..................................39
                           (a)  Applicability...............................39
                           (b)  Definitions.................................40
                                    (i)   Eligible Rollover Distribution....40
                                    (ii)  Eligible Retirement Plan..........40
                                    (iii) Distributee.......................40
                                    (iv)  Direct Rollover...................40
ARTICLE VIII................................................................40
         ANNUITY REQUIREMENTS...............................................40
                  8.1      Applicability....................................40
                  8.2      Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.............41
                  8.3      Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity.........41
                  8.4      Definitions......................................41
                           (a)  Election Period.............................41
                           (b)  Earliest Retirement Age.....................41
                           (c)  Qualified Election..........................41
                           (d)  Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity........42
                           (e)  Spouse (Surviving Spouse)...................42
                           (f)  Annuity Starting Date.......................42
                           (g)  Vested Account Balance......................42
                  8.5      Notice Requirements..............................42
                  8.6      Spousal Consent..................................44

ARTICLE IX..................................................................44
         BENEFICIARY AND PARTICIPANT INFORMATION............................44
                  9.1      Designation of Beneficiary.......................44
                  9.2      Information to be Furnished by Participant
                           and Beneficiaries................................44

ARTICLE X...................................................................44
         LOANS TO PARTICIPANTS..............................................44

ARTICLE XI..................................................................46
         TOP HEAVY PROVISIONS...............................................46
                  11.1     Applicability....................................46
                  11.2     Definitions......................................46
                           (a)  Determination Date..........................46
                           (b)  Employer....................................46
                           (c)  Employer Group..............................46
                           (d)  Key Employee................................46
                           (e)  Non-Key Employee............................46
                           (f)  Permissive Aggregation Group................47
                           (g)  Present Value...............................47
                           (h)  Required Aggregation Group..................47
                           (i)  Top Heavy Plan..............................47
                           (j)  Top Heavy Ratio.............................47
                           (k)  Valuation Date..............................48
                           (l)  Present Value...............................49
                  11.3     Minimum Compensation.............................49
                  11.4     Minimum Allocation...............................49
                  11.5     Vesting..........................................50

ARTICLE XII.................................................................50
         ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN.........................................50
                  12.1     Duties and Responsibilities of Fiduciaries;
                           Allocation of Fiduciary Responsibility...........50

                  12.2     Powers and Responsibilities of the Plan
                           Administrator....................................50
                           (a)  Administration of the Plan..................50
                           (b)  Records and Reports.........................51
                           (c)  Furnishing Trustee with Instructions........51
                           (d)  Rules and Decisions.........................51
                           (e)  Application and Forms for Benefits..........51
                  12.3     Allocation of Duties and Responsibilities........51
                  12.4     Appointment of the Plan Administrator............51
                  12.5     Expenses.........................................52
                  12.6     Liabilities......................................52
                  12.7     Claims Procedure.................................52
                           (a)  Filing a Claim..............................52
                           (b)  Notice of Denial of Claim...................52
                           (c)  Right of Review.............................52
                           (d)  Decision on Review..........................53
                           (e)  Court Action................................53

ARTICLE XIII................................................................53
         AMENDMENT, TERMINATION AND MERGER..................................53
                  13.1     Amendments.......................................53
                  13.2     Plan Termination; Discontinuance of
                           Employer Contributions...........................53
                  13.3     Successor Employer...............................54
                  13.4     Merger, Consolidation or Transfer................54

ARTICLE XIV.................................................................54
         MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS...........................................54
                  14.1     Exclusive Benefit of Participants
                           and Beneficiaries................................54
                  14.2     Nonguarantee of Employment.......................55
                  14.3     Rights to Trust Assets...........................55
                  14.4     Nonalienation of Benefits........................55
                  14.5     Gender...........................................55
                  14.6     Titles and Headings..............................55
                  14.7     Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations......55
                  14.8     Qualified Military Service.......................56

TRUST AGREEMENT.............................................................57

ARTICLE I...................................................................57
         Accounts...........................................................57
                  1.1      Establishing Accounts............................57

ARTICLE II..................................................................58
                  2.1      Receipt of Contributions.........................58

ARTICLE III.................................................................58
         Investment Powers of the Trustee...................................58
                  3.1      Investment of Trust Assets.......................58
                  3.2      Directed Investments.............................59
                  3.3      General Investment Powers........................59
                  3.4      Other Powers of the Trustee......................59
                  3.5      General Powers...................................60
                  3.6      Employer Securities..............................60
                  3.7      Voting, Tendering and Exchanging Company Stock...61
                  3.8      Registration and Disclosure for Company Stock....62

ARTICLE IV..................................................................62
                  4.1      Distributions from a Participant's Account.......62

ARTICLE V...................................................................63
                  5.1      Reports of the Trustee and the Administrator.....63

ARTICLE VI..................................................................63
                  6.1      Trustee's Fees and Expenses of the Trust.........63

ARTICLE VII.................................................................64
         Duties of the Employer and the Administrator.......................64
                  7.1      Information and Data to be Furnished the Trustee.64
                  7.2      Limitation of Duties.............................64

ARTICLE VIII................................................................64
                  8.1      Liability of the Trust...........................64

ARTICLE IX..................................................................65
         Delegation of Powers...............................................65
                  9.1      Delegation by the Trustee........................65
                  9.2      Delegation with Employer Approval................66

ARTICLE X...................................................................66
                  10.1     Amendment........................................66

ARTICLE XI..................................................................66
                  11.1     Resignation or Removal of Trustee................66

ARTICLE XII.................................................................67
         Termination of the Trust Agreement.................................67
                  12.1     Term of the Trust Agreement......................67
                  12.2     Termination by the Trustee.......................67
                  12.3     Failure of Initial Qualification.................67

ARTICLE XIII................................................................68
         Miscellaneous......................................................68
                  13.1     No Diversion of Assets...........................68
                  13.2     Notices..........................................68
                  13.3     Multiple Trustees................................68
                  13.4     Conflict with Plan...............................68
                  13.5     Applicable Law...................................68





                                    EXHIBIT A

                            PREDECESSOR PLAN ACCOUNTS



Predecessor Plan        Date of    Employee   After-Tax  Rollover    Prior
Name/Account Name       Transfer   Pre-Tax                           Match
____________________________________________________________________________

San Marcos Telephone    07/01/93
Company, Inc.and SM
Telecorp Companies
Retirement Plan:
o   Pre-Tax                          -
o   After-Tax                                   -
o   Rollover                                                -
o   Prior Match                                                       -
____________________________________________________________________________

PacifiCorp K Plus       01/10/98
Employee Savings
Plan: 1
o   Pre-Tax                          -
o   After-Tax                                   -
o   Rollover                                                -
o   Company Match 2                                                   -

____________________________________________________________________________


--------
   1     Account Names were provided by the recordkeeper and not specifically
identified in plan document for the PacifiCorp K Plus Employee Savings Plan.

   2     A former PacifiCorp K Plus Employee Savings Plan participant's
interest in the PacifiCorp K Plus Employee Stock Ownership Plan was liquidated
and deposited to his or her Company Match Account under the plan prior to the
date of transfer to the Plan.


                                    EXHIBIT B

                        FROZEN PREDECESSOR PLAN ACCOUNTS


____________________________________________________________________________

Frozen Plan Name/       Date of    Employee   After-Tax  Rollover    Other
Account Name            Merger     Pre-Tax                          Employer
____________________________________________________________________________

Kingsley Telephone      10/01/97
Company Retirement
Savings Plan:
o   Elective Deferral*               -
o   Employer*                                                          -
____________________________________________________________________________

Lake Dallas Telephone   10/01/97
Company, Inc. 401(k)
Profit Sharing Plan:
o   Employee Deferral*               -
o   Rollover*                                               -
o   Employer Matching*                                                 -
o   Employer Discretionary*                                            -

____________________________________________________________________________

Savings Plan for         On or
Employees of the         About
National Telephone      10/01/97
Cooperative Association
and Its Member Systems:
o   Employee
    Contribution 401(k)*             -
o   Employee
    Contribution Non 401(k)*                     -
o   Rollover Contribution*                                  -
o   Employer Contribution*                                             -
____________________________________________________________________________

*Account names as recorded on prior recordkeeper's accounting.



                                    EXHIBIT C

                               INVESTMENT OPTIONS

                                 (Plan ss. 1.39)

T. Rowe Price Summit Cash Reserves Fund

PIMCO Total Return Fund

BGI Asset Allocation Fund

T. Rowe Price Equity Index 500 Fund

Janus Fund

T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund

Janus Overseas Fund

MSDW Institutional Small Company Growth Portfolio Fund

T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Fund

BGI LifePath Income Fund

BGI LifePath 2010 Fund

BGI LifePath 2020 Fund

BGI LifePath 2030 Fund

BGI LifePath 2040 Fund

CenturyTel, Inc. Common Stock





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
