<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.C
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT-COB
<TEXT>
                              CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


     THE  CHAIRMAN  OF  THE BOARD EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), dated this
1st  day  of  January  2003,  by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a
Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and  Ralph  J.  Adkins  ("Adkins").

                                   WITNESSETH:
     WHEREAS, the Company is currently obtaining the benefit of Adkins' services
as  an  employee in the capacity of Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors
("Chairman")  under  an  Executive  Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2001;

     WHEREAS,  the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") has authorized the
Company  to  agree  to provide for Adkins' continued employment on the terms set
forth  in  this  Agreement;  and

     WHEREAS,  Adkins  is willing, in consideration of the covenants hereinafter
provided,  to continue to be employed by the Company in the capacity of Chairman
and  to  render  services  incident  to  such  position  during the term of this
Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual promises and covenants
contained  herein,  the  Company  and  Adkins  hereby  agree  as  follows:

     1.     Employment.  The  Company agrees to employ Adkins, and Adkins agrees
to  accept  employment,  as  Chairman,  with  such  reasonable  duties  and
responsibilities  as  are  consistent with the By-laws of the Company, as of the
date  hereof,  and  the  Position Description dated January 1, 2003, appended to
this  Agreement.

     2.     Term  of  Agreement.  The  term  of  Adkins'  employment  under this
Agreement  (the  "Term") shall extend until May 18, 2004, unless such employment
is  earlier  terminated  (i)  by either the Company or Adkins upon 90 days prior
written  notice to the other or (ii) otherwise accordance with the provisions of
Section  8.

     3.     Time.  Adkins  agrees  to devote sufficient time consistent with the
duties of the Chair and, during that time, his full best efforts for the benefit
of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  and  not  to serve any other business
enterprise  or  organization  in any capacity during the Term, without the prior
written  consent  of  the  Company,  which  consent  shall  not  be unreasonably
withheld.

     4.     Office.  During  the  Term,  Adkins  shall  serve  as  the Company's
Chairman  and  act as the liaison between the Board of Directors and Management.

     5.     Compensation.  During  the Term, the Company shall compensate Adkins
for  his  services  hereunder  at a rate of $200,000 per annum, payable in equal
semimonthly  installments,  or  such  greater  or lesser amount as the Board may
determine  ("Base  Compensation").  The Base Compensation rate shall be reviewed
annually  and  may  be  increased  or  decreased  from  time  to  time.

     6.     Expenses.  During  the Term, the Company shall pay all necessary and
reasonable  business expenses incurred by Adkins on behalf of the Company in the
course  of  his  employment under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
expenses  incurred  in the conduct of the Company's business while away from his
domicile  and  expenses  for  travel,  meals, lodging, entertainment and related
expenses  that  are  for  the  benefit  of  the  Company.

     7.     Other  Benefits.
     (a)  During the Term, Adkins shall be entitled to participate in all
          profit-sharing, insurance, medical and retirement benefit plans,
          together with vacation and other employee benefits of the Company, now
          in effect or as hereafter amended or established, in which Company
          executive employees are permitted to participate. Adkins'
          participation shall be in accordance with the terms and provisions of
          such plans.

     (b)  During the Term, the Company shall furnish Adkins with a suitable
          office, necessary administrative support and customary furniture and
          furnishings for such office. The Company further agrees that Adkins
          shall have the use of a Company-owned or Company-leased and maintained
          automobile, new every three years, of a kind and model appropriate to
          his position with the Company.

     8.     Termination.
     (a)  Termination for Cause. Adkins' employment under this Agreement may be
          terminated by the Company at any time for "cause". In the event of
          termination for "cause," Adkins (i) shall only be entitled to the
          payment of the compensation and benefits contemplated by Section 5, 6,
          and 7 through the date termination (except for any benefits that the
          Company may be required to continue to provide by law) and (ii) and
          shall not be entitled to any severance benefits under this Agreement.
          Unless a Change in Control has occurred, "cause" shall be as the Board
          may reasonably determine. Following a Change in Control, the Company
          may terminate the Adkins' employment for "cause" only if Adkins
          engages in:

          (i)  conduct that constitutes a felony under the laws of the United
               States or a state in which Adkins works or resides;

          (ii) an act or acts of dishonesty resulting, or intended to result,
               directly or indirectly in material gain to or personal enrichment
               of Adkins at the Company's expense;

          (iii) a deliberate and intentional refusal (except by reason of
               incapacity due to illness or accident) to comply with the
               provisions of Section 1, provided that such breach shall have
               resulted in demonstrably material injury to the Company, and
               Adkins shall have failed to remedy such breach within thirty days
               after notice received from the Secretary of the Company demanding
               that Adkins remedy such breach; or

          (iv) conduct by Adkins that is materially injurious to the Company, if
               such conduct was undertaken without good faith and the reasonable
               belief that such conduct was in the best interest of the Company.

     (b)  Termination Following a Change in Control. After a Change in Control:

          (i)  the Company may terminate the Adkins' employment under this
               Agreement at any time and for any reason; and

          (ii) Adkins may terminate his employment at any time following the
               occurrence of any of the following events:

               (A)  failure to elect or reelect Adkins to, or removal of Adkins
                    from, the position described in Section 1;

               (B)  Adkins' good-faith determination that there has been a
                    significant change in the nature or scope of his
                    authorities, powers, functions, duties or responsibilities
                    attached to the position described in Section 1 or a
                    reduction in his compensation as provided in Section 5 or
                    his benefits as provided in Section 7, which change or
                    reduction is not remedied within thirty days after notice to
                    the Company by Adkins;

               (C)  any other breach by the Company of any provision of this
                    Agreement that is not remedied within 30 days after notice
                    to the Company by Adkins; or

               (D)  the liquidation, dissolution, consolidation or merger of the
                    Company or transfer of all or a significant portion of its
                    assets, unless a successor or successors (by merger,
                    consolidation or otherwise) to which all or a significant
                    portion of its assets has been transferred shall have
                    assumed all duties and obligations of the Company under this
                    Agreement; provided that in any event set forth in this
                    Section 8(b)(ii), Adkins shall have elected to terminate his
                    employment under this Agreement upon not less than 40 and
                    not more than 90 days' notice to the Board, attention of the
                    Secretary of the Company, given within three calendar months
                    after (1) failure to be so elected or reelected, or such
                    removal, (2) expiration of the 30-day cure period with
                    respect to such event, or (3) the closing date of such
                    liquidation, dissolution, consolidation, merger or transfer
                    of assets.

     An  election  by Adkins to terminate his employment under the provisions of
this  Section 8(b)(ii) shall not be deemed a voluntary termination of employment
by  Adkins  for  the  purposes  of this Agreement or any plan or practice of the
Company.

     (c)  Payment Upon Termination. In the event that (i) the Company terminates
          Adkins' employment under this Agreement for any reason other than
          Cause or Adkins' death or (ii) Adkins terminates his employment under
          this Agreement pursuant to Section 8(B)(ii), the Company shall
          continue to pay to Adkins (or in the event of his death following such
          termination, his legal representative) his Base Compensation under
          Section 5, at the semi-monthly rate in effect immediately prior to the
          date of such termination, until May 31, 2004.

     (d)  Change In Control. For the purposes of this Agreement, Change in
          Control shall mean a change in the control of the Company during the
          Term, which shall be deemed to have occurred if:

          (i)  The registration of the Company's voting securities under the
               Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"),
               terminates or the Company shall have fewer than 300 stockholders
               of record; or

          (ii) any person or group (within the meaning of sections 13(d) and
               14(d) of the 1934 Act), other than the Company or any of its
               majority-controlled subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner
               (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of 30
               percent or more of the combined voting power of the Company's
               then outstanding voting securities; or

          (iii) a tender offer or exchange offer (other than an offer by the
               Company or a majority-controlled subsidiary), pursuant to which
               30 percent or more of the combined voting power of the Company's
               then outstanding voting securities is purchased, expires; or

          (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve an agreement to merge or
               consolidate with another corporation (other than a
               majority-controlled subsidiary of the Company) unless the
               stockholders of the Company immediately before the merger or
               consolidation are to own more than 70 percent of the combined
               voting power of the resulting entity's voting securities; or

          (v)  the Company's stockholders approve an agreement (including,
               without limitation, a plan of liquidation) to sell or otherwise
               dispose of all or substantially all of the business or assets of
               the Company; or

          (vi) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at
               the beginning of such period, constituted the Board cease for any
               reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the
               election or the nomination for election by the Company's
               stockholders of each new director was approved by a vote of at
               least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
               directors at the beginning of the period; or

          (vii) the acquisition of direct or indirect beneficial ownership of
               more than 15 percent of the Company's then outstanding voting
               securities by any person or group is approved over the formal
               objection of the Company by the Securities and Exchange
               Commission pursuant to section 9 of the Public Utility Holding
               Company Act of 1935, as amended.

     However, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred by reason of
any  event  involving  a  transaction  in which Adkins, or a group of persons or
entities  with  which  Adkins acts in concert, acquires, directly or indirectly,
more  than  30  percent  of  the  common  stock or the business or assets of the
Company;  any  event  involving or arising out of a proceeding under Title 11 of
the United States Code (or the provisions of any future United States bankruptcy
law),  an  assignment  for  the benefit of creditors or an insolvency proceeding
under  state  or  local law; or any event constituting approval by the Company's
stockholders  of a merger or consolidation if a majority of the group consisting
of  the  President  and  Vice  Presidents  of  the  Company  who  are parties to
agreements  conferring  rights  upon  a  Change  in Control shall have agreed in
writing prior to such approval that approval shall be deemed not to constitute a
Change  in  Control.

     9.     Mitigation.  Adkins  shall not be required to mitigate the amount of
any payment provided for in this Agreement either by seeking other employment or
otherwise. The amount of any payment provided for herein shall not be reduced by
any  remuneration  that Adkins may earn from employment with another employer or
otherwise  following  the  termination  of  his employment under this Agreement.

     10.     Noncompetition  Covenant.  For  a  period of one year following the
termination of Adkins' employment under this Agreement or, if Adkins has given a
notice  pursuant  to  Section  8(b)(ii), for a period of 15 months following the
giving  of  such  notice, Adkins shall assist no individual or entity other than
the  Company  to  acquire any entity with respect to which a proposal to acquire
the  entity  was  presented  to  the Board prior to the beginning of the period.

     11.     Indemnification.  The Company shall indemnify Adkins to the fullest
extent  permitted  by applicable Delaware law (as it may be amended from time to
time),  including  the  advance  of  expenses  permitted  herein.

     12.     Performance.  The  failure  of  either  party  to this Agreement to
insist  upon  strict  performance of any provision hereof shall not constitute a
waiver  of  its  rights  subsequently  to insist upon strict performance of such
provision  or  any  other  provision  of  this  Agreement.

     13.     Non-Assignability.  Neither  party  shall  have the right to assign
this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the consent of the
other  party.

     14.     Invalidity.  If  any provisions of this Agreement shall be found to
be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such finding shall not affect
the  remaining  provisions  of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full
force  and  effect.

     15.     Arbitration and Legal Fees. In the event of any dispute regarding a
refusal or failure by the Company to make payments or provide benefits hereunder
for any reason, Adkins shall have the right, in addition to all other rights and
remedies  provided by law, to arbitration of such dispute under the rules of the
American  Arbitration  Association, which right shall be invoked by serving upon
the  Company  a notice to arbitrate, stating the place of arbitration, within 90
days of receipt of notice in any form (including, without limitation, failure by
the  Company to respond to a notice from Adkins within 30 days) that the Company
is  withholding  or  proposes to withhold payments or provisions of benefits. In
the  event  of  any  such  dispute, whether or not Adkins exercises his right to
arbitration,  if it shall ultimately be determined that the Company's refusal or
failure to make payments or provide benefits hereunder was wrongful or otherwise
inconsistent  with  the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify and
hold  harmless  Adkins  from  and  against  any  and  all  expenses  incurred in
connection with such determination, including legal and other fees and expenses.

     16.     Successors.  This  Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit  of  Adkins  (and  his  personal  representative),  the  Company and any
successor  organization or organizations that shall succeed to substantially all
of  the  business  and  property  of  the  Company,  whether by means of merger,
consolidation,  acquisition of substantially all of the assets of the Company or
otherwise,  including  by  operation  of  law.

     17.     Set-off. The Company shall have no right of set-off or counterclaim
in  respect  of  any  claim, debt or obligation against any payments or benefits
provided  for  in  this  Agreement.

     18.     Amendments.  No  amendment  to  this  Agreement  shall be effective
unless  in  writing  and  signed  by  both  the  Company  and  Adkins.

     19.     Governing  Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in
accordance  with  the  laws  of  the  State  of  Delaware.

     20.     Notices.  Unless  otherwise  stated  herein,  all notices hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given when personally delivered or
mailed by United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to, if to
the  Company,  909  Silver  Lake  Boulevard,  Dover,  Delaware 19901, and, if to
Adkins,  the  last  address therefor shown on the records of the Company. Either
the  Company  or  Adkins may, by notice to the other, designate an address other
than  the  foregoing  for  the  receipt  of  subsequent  notices.

     21.     Withholding.  The  Company may withhold from any amounts payable to
Adkins  hereunder  all  federal, state, city or other taxes that the Company may
reasonably  determine are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law
or  regulation.

     22.     Nature  of  Payments  Upon  Termination.  All  payments  to  Adkins
pursuant  to  Section  8  be  considered  as  liquidated damages or as severance
payments  in  consideration of Adkins' past services to the Company, and no such
payment  shall  be  regarded  as  a  penalty  to  the  Company.

     23.     Acknowledgment.  The  parties hereto each acknowledge that each has
read  this  Agreement  and  understands  the same and that each enters into this
Agreement  freely  and  voluntarily.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of  the  date  first  above  written.


                               CHESAPEAKE  UTILITIES  CORPORATION


[CORPORATE  SEAL]         By:  ___________________________________
                               Name:
                              Title:

ATTEST:

___________________________
Secretary

                               CHAIRMAN

                               _________________________________
                               Ralph  J.  Adkins

<PAGE>

                              CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

                              POSITION DESCRIPTION
                                 JANUARY 1, 2003



Provide  leadership  to the Board, and serve as Chair of the Executive Sessions.

Acts  as  a  liaison  between  the  Board  and  management.

Along  with  other  Directors,  ensure  the  proper  functioning of the Board in
fulfilling  its  approved  role  and  responsibilities.

Schedule  meetings  of  the  full  Board  and  works  with committee chairmen to
coordinate  the  schedule  of  meetings  for  committees.

Organizes  and  presents  agenda for regular and special board meetings based on
input  from  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  other  directors.

Ensure proper flow of information to the Board, reviewing adequacy and timing of
documentary  materials  in  support  of  management's  proposals.

Ensures  adequate lead time for effective study and discussion of business under
consideration.

Oversees  the  preparation  and distribution of proxy materials to stockholders.

Helps the Board fulfill the goals it sets by assigning specific tasks to members
of  the  Board.

Identifies  guidelines  for  the  conduct of the directors and ensures that each
director  is  making  a  significant  contribution.

Together  with  the  Chief Executive Officer, represents the Company to external
groups:  shareholders,  bankers,  local  communities,  federal,  state and local
governments.

Working  with  the  Governance  Committee,  ensures  proper  committee structure
including  assignments  of  members  and  committee  chairmen.

Carries out other duties as requested by the Board as a whole, depending on need
and  circumstances.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
