<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>a2105164zex-10_16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.16

                             STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT
                                       OF
                                RBS GLOBAL, INC.

This Stockholders Agreement ("AGREEMENT") is entered into as of this 25th day of
November, 2002, by and among RBS Global, Inc. (the "COMPANY"), Carlyle Partners
III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("CPIII"), CPIII Coinvestment, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership ("COINVESTMENT"), and Carlyle High Yield Partners,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("HIGH YIELD PARTNERS" and collectively
with CPIII and Coinvestment, the "INITIAL CARLYLE STOCKHOLDERS"), and the
Persons listed on the signature pages attached hereto (each individually, a
"MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDER," and collectively, the "MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS").
These parties are sometimes referred to herein individually by name or as a
"PARTY" and collectively as the "PARTIES". The Initial Carlyle Stockholders,
together with (i) any person or entity (other than a Management Stockholder) to
which the Initial Carlyle Stockholders may hereafter sell, assign, transfer,
convey, pledge or otherwise dispose of (collectively, "TRANSFER") any shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company ("COMMON STOCK") and
(ii) any Affiliates (as defined below) of the Initial Carlyle Stockholders to
which the Company may hereafter issue shares of Common Stock that executes a
copy of this Agreement are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the
"CARLYLE STOCKHOLDERS". For purposes of this Agreement, "AFFILIATE" shall mean,
with respect to any individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability
company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture, governmental authority or other entity of whatever nature (each,
a "PERSON"), any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled
by, or under common control with, such Person where "control" shall have the
meaning given such term under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "ACT"). For purposes of this Agreement, Affiliates of the Initial Carlyle
Stockholders shall include all Persons directly or indirectly controlled by TC
Group, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company.

                                    RECITALS:

          WHEREAS, each of the Management Stockholders is an employee, executive
officer or director of the Company or one or more subsidiaries of the Company;

          WHEREAS, the Company has issued (or may hereafter issue) to each
Management Stockholder shares of Common Stock as a result of (i) the purchase of
Common Stock by the Management Stockholders; (ii) the exercise by the Management
Stockholder of vested options to purchase Common Stock ("VESTED OPTIONS"), which
options were issued (or may hereafter be issued) to the Management Stockholder
pursuant to the Stock Option Plan of RBS Global, Inc. (the "STOCK OPTION PLAN");
or (iii) any other employee benefit plan hereafter adopted by the board of
directors of the Company (the "BOARD OF DIRECTORS") and/or pursuant to any stock
purchase plan hereafter adopted by the Board of Directors (each, a "PURCHASE
PLAN"); and

          WHEREAS, the Company, the Initial Carlyle Stockholders and the
Management Stockholders desire to enter into this Agreement to provide for
certain matters with respect to the ownership and transfer by the Management
Stockholders of the shares of Common Stock now or hereafter issued or sold to
any Management Stockholders as a result of the (i) the purchase of

<Page>

Common Stock by the Management Stockholders from the Company or any Carlyle
Stockholder; (ii) the exercise of Vested Options; or (iii) the issuance of
Common Stock to the Management Stockholders pursuant to any Purchase Plan
(collectively, the "RESTRICTED SHARES").

                                   AGREEMENT:

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

     SECTION 1.  RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERS.

          (a)  Except as otherwise set forth below, the Management Stockholders
shall not Transfer any Restricted Shares. Any purported Transfer in violation of
the provisions of this Section 1 shall be null and void and shall have no force
or effect.

          (b)  Nothing in Section 1(a) shall prevent the Transfer of any
Restricted Shares by any Management Stockholder to (i) the Company, the Initial
Carlyle Stockholders, or any Affiliate of each; (ii) any member of a Management
Stockholder's immediate family or trusts for their benefit provided the
Management Stockholder retains the sole and exclusive right to vote and dispose
of any Restricted Shares transferred to the family member or trust; and (iii)
upon a Management Stockholder's death, the Management Stockholder's executors,
administrators, testamentary trustees, legatees and beneficiaries.

          (c)  Each Management Stockholder agrees that, as a condition precedent
to any transfer described in Section l(b), each transferee described in
Section l(b) (other than the Company, the Initial Carlyle Stockholders or any
Affiliate of each) shall deliver to the Company a copy of this Agreement signed
by such transferee.

    SECTION 2. RIGHTS TO REPURCHASE SHARES.

          (a)  For a period of six (6) months following the later of (i) the
Termination of Employment (as defined below) or the Termination of Directorship
(as defined below) of any Management Stockholder; and (ii) the exercise or
expiration, in accordance with the terms of the Stock Option Plan or any stock
option agreement issued thereunder, of all Vested Options held by any Management
Stockholder as of the time of the Management Stockholder's Termination of
Employment or Termination of Directorship, the Company may elect to repurchase
Restricted Shares held by the Management Stockholder or his or her successor in
interest thereunder ("CALL RIGHT"). The Call Right may be exercised more than
once, but must be exercised with respect to all (but not less than all) of the
Restricted Shares outstanding on the date of any Call Notice (as defined below).
The repurchase price payable by the Company upon exercise of the Call Right
("REPURCHASE PRICE") shall be the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of the
Restricted Shares subject to the Call Right on the date of the Call Notice. The
Call Right shall be exercised by written notice ("CALL NOTICE") to the
Management Stockholder given in accordance with Section 8(f) of this Agreement
on or prior to the last date on which the Call Right may be exercised by the
Company.

                                        2
<Page>

          (b)  For purposes of this Agreement, "TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT" shall
mean the time when the employee-employer relationship between a Management
Stockholder and the Company or one of its subsidiaries is terminated for any
reason, with or without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, a
termination by resignation, discharge, death or retirement, but excluding a
termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment by the Company or one of
its subsidiaries. For purposes of this Agreement, "TERMINATION OF DIRECTORSHIP"
shall mean the time when a Management Stockholder ceases to be a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company or one of its subsidiaries ("Director") for
any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by
resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement. The committee appointed
to administer the Stock Option Plan (the "COMPENSATION COMMITTEE") or the Board
of Directors shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to
Termination of Employment or Termination of Directorship.

          (c)  Subject to Section 5 below, the repurchase of Restricted Shares
pursuant to the exercise of a Call Right shall take place on the later of (i)
the date specified by the Company which shall in no event be later than sixty
(60) days following the date of the Call Notice and (ii) within ten (10) days
following the receipt by the Company of all necessary governmental approvals. On
such date, the Management Stockholder shall transfer the Restricted Shares
subject to the Call Notice to the Company, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances, by delivering to the Company the certificates representing the
Restricted Shares to be purchased, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company or
accompanied by a stock power duly executed in blank, and the Company shall pay
to the Management Stockholder the Repurchase Price. The Company and the
Management Stockholder each shall use his, her or its reasonable efforts to
expedite all proceedings contemplated hereunder to obtain a determination of the
Repurchase Price of the Restricted Shares at the earliest practicable date.

          (d)  (i)     In the case of any transfer of title or beneficial
ownership of Restricted Shares upon default, foreclosure, forfeit, divorce,
court order or otherwise, other than by a voluntary decision on the part of a
Management Stockholder (each, an "INVOLUNTARY TRANSFER"), the Management
Stockholder shall promptly (but in no event later than two days after the
Involuntary Transfer) furnish written notice (the "INVOLUNTARY TRANSFER NOTICE")
to the Company indicating that the Involuntary Transfer has occurred, specifying
the name of the person to whom the shares were transferred (the "INVOLUNTARY
TRANSFEREE"), giving a detailed description of the circumstances giving rise to,
and stating the legal basis for, the Involuntary Transfer.

               (ii)    Upon the receipt of the Involuntary Transfer Notice, and
     for 60 days thereafter, the Company shall have the right to elect to
     repurchase, and the Involuntary Transferee shall have the obligation to
     sell, all (but not less than all) of the Restricted Shares acquired by the
     Involuntary Transferee for a repurchase price equal to the Fair Market
     Value of such shares of Common Stock as of the date of the Involuntary
     Transfer (the "INVOLUNTARY TRANSFER REPURCHASE PRICE" and such right, the
     "INVOLUNTARY TRANSFER REPURCHASE RIGHT"). The Involuntary Transfer
     Repurchase Right shall be exercised by written notice (the "INVOLUNTARY
     TRANSFER REPURCHASE NOTICE") to the Involuntary Transferee given in
     accordance with Section 8(f) of this Agreement on or prior to the last date
     on which the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Right may be exercised by the
     Company.

                                        3
<Page>

               (iii)   Subject to Section 5 below, the repurchase of Restricted
     Shares pursuant to the exercise of the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase
     Right shall take place on the later of (i) the date specified by the
     Company which shall in no event be later than sixty (60) days following the
     date of the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Notice and (ii) within ten (10)
     days following the receipt by the Company of all necessary governmental
     approvals. On such date, the Involuntary Transferee shall transfer the
     Restricted Shares subject to the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Notice to
     the Company, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, by delivering to
     the Company the certificates representing the Restricted Shares to be
     purchased, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company or accompanied by a
     stock power duly executed in blank, and the Company shall pay to the
     Involuntary Transferee the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Price. The
     Company and the Involuntary Transferee each shall use his, her or its
     reasonable efforts to expedite all proceedings contemplated hereunder to
     obtain a determination of the Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Price of the
     Restricted Shares at the earliest practicable date.

          (e)  The Fair Market Value of Restricted Shares shall be determined by
the Board of Directors as follows:

               (i)     if the Common Stock is listed on one or more National
     Securities Exchanges (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of
     1934, as amended), each share of Common Stock to be repurchased shall be
     valued at the average closing price of a share of such class of Common
     Stock on the principal exchange on which the shares are then trading, on
     the 20 trading days immediately preceding such date;

               (ii)    if the Common Stock is not traded on a National
     Securities Exchange but is quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market or a successor
     quotation system and the Common Stock is listed as a National Market Issue
     under the NASD National Market System, each share of Common Stock to be
     repurchased shall be valued at the average of the last sales price on each
     of the 20 trading days immediately preceding such date as reported by the
     NASDAQ Stock Market or such successor quotation system; or

               (iii)   if the class of Common Stock is not publicly traded on a
     National Securities Exchange and is not quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market
     or a successor quotation system, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
     to be repurchased shall be determined in good faith by the Compensation
     Committee or the Board of Directors. In the event the Management
     Stockholder disagrees with the valuation determined by the Compensation
     Committee or the Board of Directors, the Management Stockholder may choose
     an independent appraiser to conduct a valuation of the Common Stock. The
     selection of the independent appraiser shall be subject to the Company's
     approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. The fees and
     expenses of the independent appraiser shall be borne equally by the
     Management Stockholder and the Company.

    SECTION 3. BRING-ALONG RIGHTS.

          (a)  If any Carlyle Stockholder at any time, or from time to time, in
one transaction or a series of related transactions, proposes to Transfer shares
of Common Stock to one or more Persons that is not an Affiliate of the Initial
Carlyle Stockholders (a "THIRD PARTY

                                        4
<Page>

PURCHASER"), then the Carlyle Stockholder(s) shall have the right (a
"BRING-ALONG RIGHT"), but not the obligation, to require each Management
Stockholder to tender for purchase to the Third Party Purchaser, on the same
terms and conditions as apply to the selling Carlyle Stockholder(s), a number of
Restricted Shares and Vested Options (including any options that vest as a
result of the consummation of the Transfer to the Third Party Purchaser) that,
in the aggregate, equal the lesser of (A) the number derived by multiplying (1)
the total number of Restricted Shares owned by the Management Stockholder
(including Restricted Shares issuable in respect of all Vested Options held by
the Management Stockholder whether or not exercised and including any options
that vest as a result of the consummation of the Transfer to the Third Party
Purchaser); by (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of
shares of Common Stock to be sold by the Carlyle Stockholder(s) in connection
with the transaction or series of related transactions and the denominator of
which is the total number of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock held by
all Carlyle Stockholders(s); or (B) the number of shares as the Carlyle
Stockholder(s) shall designate in the Bring-Along Notice (as defined below).

          (b)  If any Carlyle Stockholder elects to exercise its Bring-Along
Right under this Section 3 with respect to the Restricted Shares held by the
Management Stockholders, the Carlyle Stockholder shall notify each Management
Stockholder in writing (collectively, the "BRING-ALONG NOTICES"). Each
Bring-Along Notice shall set forth: (i) the name of the Third Party Purchaser(s)
and the number of shares of Common Stock proposed to be sold by the Carlyle
Stockholder to the Third Party Purchaser(s); (ii) the proposed amount and form
of consideration and terms and conditions of payment offered by the Third Party
Purchaser(s) and a summary of any other material terms pertaining to the
Transfer ("THIRD PARTY TERMS"); and (iii) the number of Restricted Shares and
Vested Options that the Carlyle Stockholder elects each Management Stockholder
to sell in the Transfer. The Bring-Along Notices shall be given at least five
(5) days before the closing of the proposed Transfer.

          (c)  Upon the giving of a Bring-Along Notice, each Management
Stockholder shall be obligated to sell the number of Restricted Shares and
Vested Options set forth in each Management Stockholder's Bring-Along Notice on
the Third Party Terms.

          (d)  At the closing of the Transfer to any Third Party Purchaser(s)
pursuant to this Section 3, the Third Party Purchaser(s) shall remit to the
Management Stockholder the consideration for the total sales price of the Common
Stock and Vested Options held by the Management Stockholder sold pursuant hereto
MINUS any consideration to be escrowed or otherwise held back in accordance with
the Third Party Terms, and MINUS the aggregate exercise price of any Vested
Options being Transferred by the Management Stockholder to the Third Party
Purchaser(s), against delivery by the Management Stockholder of certificates for
Common Stock, duly endorsed for Transfer or with duly executed stock powers and
an instrument evidencing the transfer or the cancellation of the Vested Options
subject to the Bring-Along Right reasonably acceptable to the Company, and the
compliance by the Management Stockholder with any other conditions to closing
generally applicable to the Carlyle Stockholder(s) and all other holders of
Common Stock selling shares in the transaction.

    SECTION 4. TAG ALONG RIGHTS.

                                        5
<Page>

          (a)  In the event that, at any time prior to the date on which the
Company consummates a sale of shares of Common Stock in an initial public
offering of shares of Common Stock registered pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, the Carlyle Stockholders propose to Transfer shares of Common
Stock to a Third Party Purchaser, in a single Transfer or a series of related
Transfers constituting a Company Sale (as defined in Section 4(d) below), then
each Management Stockholder shall have the right (the "TAG-ALONG RIGHT") to
require that the proposed Third Party Purchaser purchase from such Management
Stockholder up to the number of whole Restricted Shares (including any options
that vest as a result of the consummation of the Transfer to the Third Party
Purchaser) equal to the number derived by multiplying (x) the total number of
shares of Common Stock that the proposed Third Party Purchaser has agreed or
committed to purchase, BY (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the total
number of Restricted Shares (including Restricted Shares issuable upon exercise
of Vested Options (including any options that vest as a result of the
consummation of the Transfer to the Third Party Purchaser)) owned by the
Management Stockholder, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock owned by all Carlyle Stockholders, the Management
Stockholder and all other holders of Common Stock who have exercised a Tag-
Along Right similar to the rights granted to the Management Stockholder in this
Section 4 (including any Restricted Shares issuable upon exercise of all Vested
Options (including options that vest as a result of the consummation of the
Transfer to the Third Party Purchaser). The intent of this computation is to
accord to the Management Stockholder the right to sell the same percentage of
its holdings of Common Stock as the Carlyle Stockholders are entitled to sell in
such a transaction. Any Restricted Shares purchased from the Management
Stockholder pursuant to this Section 4(a) shall be purchased upon the same terms
and conditions as such proposed Transfer by the selling Carlyle Stockholders(s).

          (b)  The Carlyle Stockholder(s) shall notify each Management
Stockholder in writing in the event such Carlyle Stockholder(s) propose to make
a Transfer or series of Transfers giving rise to the Tag-Along Right at least
seven (7) business days prior to the date on which such Carlyle Stockholder(s)
expect to consummate such Transfer (the "SALE NOTICE") which notice shall
specify the number of shares of Common Stock which the Third Party Purchaser
intends to purchase in such Transfer. The Tag-Along Right may be exercised by
any Management Stockholder by delivery of a written notice to Carlyle proposing
to sell Restricted Shares (the "TAG-ALONG NOTICE") within five (5) business days
following receipt of the Sale Notice from such Carlyle Stockholder(s). The
Tag-Along Notice shall state the number of Restricted Shares that the Management
Stockholder proposes to include in such Transfer to the proposed Third Party
Purchaser (not to exceed the number as determined above). In the event that the
proposed Third Party Purchaser does not purchase the specified number of
Restricted Shares from the Management Stockholder on the same terms and
conditions as specified in the Sale Notice, then the Carlyle Stockholder(s)
shall not be permitted to sell any shares of Common Stock to the proposed Third
Party Purchaser unless the Carlyle Stockholder(s) purchase from the Management
Stockholder such specified number of Restricted Shares on the same terms and
conditions as specified in such Sale Notice.

          (c)  At the closing of the Transfer to any Third Party Purchaser
pursuant to this Section 4, the Third Party Purchaser shall remit to each
Management Stockholder who exercised his Tag-Along Right the consideration for
the total sales price of the Common Stock held by such Management Stockholder
sold pursuant hereto MINUS any such consideration to be

                                        6
<Page>

escrowed or otherwise held back in accordance with the Third Party Terms,
against delivery by such Management Stockholder of certificates for such Common
Stock, duly endorsed for Transfer or with duly executed stock powers subject to
the Tag-Along Right reasonably acceptable to the Company, and the compliance by
such Management Stockholder with any other conditions to closing generally
applicable to the Carlyle Stockholder(s) and all other holders of Common Stock
selling shares in such transaction.

          (d)  For the purpose hereof, "COMPANY SALE" shall mean the
consummation of any transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which one
or more persons or entities or group of persons or entities (other than the
Initial Carlyle Stockholders, its affiliates or any transfer as a result of any
liquidation or dissolution of any Carlyle Stockholder) acquires (i) capital
stock of the Company possessing the voting power sufficient to elect a majority
of th members of the Board of Directors of the Company or its successor(s)
(whether such transaction is effected by merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, sale or transfer of the Company's capital stock or otherwise)
or (ii) all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

    SECTION 5. REPURCHASE DISABILITY

          (a)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,

               (i)     the Company shall not be required or permitted to
          purchase any Restricted Shares held by any Management Stockholder or
          Involuntary Transferee upon exercise of the Call Right, Involuntary
          Transfer or a Put Right if the Board of Directors determines that:

                       (A)  the purchase of Restricted Shares would impair the
               Company's or its subsidiaries' ability to meet their obligations
               in the ordinary course of business taking into account any
               pending or proposed transactions, capital expenditures or other
               budgeted cash outlays by the Company, including, without
               limitation, any proposed acquisition of any other entity by the
               Company or any of its subsidiaries;

                       (B)  the Company is prohibited from purchasing the
               Restricted Shares by applicable law restricting the purchase by a
               corporation of its own shares; or

                       (C)  the purchase of Restricted Shares would constitute a
               breach of, default, or event of default under, or is otherwise
               prohibited by, the terms of any loan agreement or other agreement
               or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
               a party (the "FINANCING DOCUMENTS") or the Company is not able
               to obtain the consent of its senior lender to the purchase of the
               Restricted Shares.

                       The events described in (A) through (C) above each
constitute a "REPURCHASE DISABILITY."

                                        7
<Page>

               (ii)    In the event of a Repurchase Disability, the Company
     shall notify in writing the Management Stockholder or Involuntary
     Transferee with respect to whom the Call Right, Involuntary Transfer or Put
     Right has been exercised (a "DISABILITY NOTICE"). The Disability Notice
     shall specify the nature of the Repurchase Disability. The Company shall
     thereafter repurchase the Restricted Shares described in the Call Notice,
     Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Notice or Put Notice as soon as reasonably
     practicable after all Repurchase Disabilities cease to exist (or the
     Company may elect, but shall have no obligation, to cause its nominee to
     repurchase the Restricted Shares while any Repurchase Disabilities continue
     to exist). In the event the Company suspends its obligations to repurchase
     the Restricted Shares pursuant to a Repurchase Disability, (A) the Company
     shall provide written notice to each applicable Management Stockholder or
     Involuntary Transferee as soon as practicable after all Repurchase
     Disabilities cease to exist (the "REINSTATEMENT NOTICE"); (B) the Fair
     Market Value of the Restricted Shares subject to the Call Notice,
     Involuntary Transfer Repurchase Notice or Put Notice shall be determined as
     of the date the Reinstatement Notice is delivered to the Management
     Stockholder or Involuntary Transferee, which Fair Market Value shall be
     used to determine the Repurchase Price or Involuntary Transfer Repurchase
     Price in the manner described above; and (C) the repurchase shall occur on
     a date specified by the Company within ten (10) days following the
     determination of the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares to be
     repurchased as provided in subsection (B) above.

    SECTION 6. COOPERATION.

          (a)  In the event that any Carlyle Stockholder exercises its rights
pursuant to Section 3 or in connection with any Company Sale, each Management
Stockholder shall consent to and raise no objections against the transaction,
and if the transaction is structured as a sale of stock, each Management
Stockholder shall take all actions that the Board of Directors and the Carlyle
Stockholders reasonably deem necessary or desirable in connection with the
consummation of the transaction. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, each Management Stockholder agrees to (i) consent to and raise no
objections against the transaction; (ii) execute any Common Stock purchase
agreement, merger agreement or other agreement entered into with the Third Party
Purchaser with respect to the transaction setting forth the Third Party Terms
and any ancillary agreement with respect thereto; (iii) vote the Common Stock
held by the Management Stockholder in favor of the transaction; and (iv) refrain
from the exercise of dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to the
transaction.

          (b)  If the Company or the holders of the Company's securities enter
into any negotiation or transaction for which Rule 506 (or any similar rule then
in effect) promulgated under the Act, may be available with respect to the
negotiation or transaction (including a merger, consolidation, or other
reorganization), each Management Stockholder shall, if requested by the Company,
appoint a purchaser representative (as defined in Rule 501 of the Act)
reasonably acceptable to the Company. If the purchaser representative is
designated by the Company, the Company shall pay the fees of the purchaser
representative, but if any Management Stockholder appoints another purchaser
representative, the Management Stockholder shall be responsible for the fees of
the purchaser representative so appointed.

                                        8
<Page>

          (c)  Each Management Stockholder shall bear its pro-rata share of the
costs of any transaction in which it sells Restricted Shares or Vested Options
(based upon the number of Restricted Shares and Vested Options held by the
Management Stockholder that are sold in such transaction) to the extent such
costs are incurred for the benefit of all holders of Common Stock and Vested
Options and are not otherwise paid by the Company or the acquiring party.

    SECTION 7. TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate on the first to
               occur of:

          (a)  The date the Company consummates an underwritten public offering
of at least $50 million of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to an effective
registration statement filed by the Company with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (other than on Forms S-4 or S-8 or successors to such
forms) under the Act; or

          (b)  The complete liquidation of the Company or the sale, lease or
other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's
assets; or

          (c)  The execution of a resolution of the Board of Directors
terminating the Agreement, Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Stockholder's
Tag-Along Right shall survive a termination of this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 7(c).

    SECTION 8. MISCELLANEOUS.

          (a)  LEGENDS. Each certificate representing the Restricted Shares
shall bear the following legends:

          "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
          REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"),
          OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED
          IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT
          AND SAID LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
          THEREOF."

          "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL
          RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND CERTAIN OTHER AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN A
          STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE ISSUER AND THE INITIAL HOLDER
          HEREOF DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 25, 2002. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT SHALL
          BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON
          WRITTEN REQUEST."

          (b)  SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS AND TRANSFEREES. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective
legal representatives, heirs, legatees, successors, and assigns and any other
transferee of the Restricted Shares and shall also apply to any Restricted
Shares acquired by any Management Stockholder after the date hereof.

                                        9
<Page>

          (c)  SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE, ETC. Each Party, in addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including
recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of the Party's
rights under this Agreement. Each Party agrees that monetary damages would not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by the
Party of the provisions of this Agreement and each Party hereby agrees to waive
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be
adequate.

          (d)  GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.

          (e)  INTERPRETATION. The headings of the Sections contained in this
Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement
of the Parties and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.

          (f)  NOTICES. All notices and other communications provided for or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given and received when delivered by overnight courier or hand delivery, when
sent by telecopy, or five (5) days after mailing if sent by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) postage prepaid, to the Parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for any Party as shall be
specified by like notices, provided that notices of a change of address shall be
effective only upon receipt thereof).

               (i)     If to the Company at:

                       Rexnord Corporation

                       _________________________
                       _________________________
                       _________________________
                       Attention:

                       with copies to the Carlyle Stockholders at the address
                       listed below and:

                       Latham & Watkins
                       555 Eleventh Street, N.W.
                       Tenth Floor
                       Washington, D.C. 20004
                       Attention: Daniel T. Lennon
                       Facsimile: 202-637-2201

               (ii)    If to the Carlyle Stockholders at:

                       TC Group, LLC
                       1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                       Suite 220 South
                       Washington, DC 20004
                       Attention: Jerome H. Powell

                                       10
<Page>

                       Facsimile: 202-347-1818

                       with a copy to Latham & Watkins, at the address given
                       above.

               (iii)   If to a Management Stockholder, to the address set forth
     on the Management Stockholder's signature page hereto.

          (g)  RECAPITALIZATION, EXCHANGE, ETC. AFFECTING THE COMPANY'S STOCK.
The provisions of this Agreement shall apply, to the full extent set forth
herein, with respect to any and all shares of Common Stock and all of the shares
of capital stock of the Company or any successor or assign of the Company
(whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or otherwise) that may be
issued in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution of such Common Stock
and shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, reverse
splits, combinations, recapitalizations, and the like occurring after the date
hereof.

          (h)  COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement.

          (i)  ATTORNEY'S FEES. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce
any provision of this Agreement, each party shall pay its own attorney's fees
and expenses regardless of whether in the opinion of the court or arbitrator
deciding the action or proceeding there is a prevailing party.

          (j)  SEVERABILITY. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity,
legality, and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any way impaired
thereby.

          (k)  AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended by resolution of the
Board of Directors provided the amendment has been approved by the Initial
Carlyle Stockholders. At any time hereafter, additional Management Stockholders
may be made parties hereto by executing a signature page in the form attached as
Exhibit A hereto, which signature page shall be countersigned by the Company and
shall be attached to this Agreement and become a part hereof without any further
action of any other Party hereto.

          (l)  TAX WITHHOLDING. The Company shall be entitled to require payment
in cash or deduction from other compensation payable to any Management
Stockholder of any sums required by federal, state, or local tax law to be
withheld with respect to the issuance, vesting, exercise, repurchase, or
cancellation of any Restricted Share or any option to purchase Restricted
Shares.

          (m)  NO ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. Nothing contained in this Agreement (i)
obligates the Company or any Affiliate of the Company to employ any Management
Stockholder in any capacity whatsoever; (ii) confers upon any Management
Stockholder the right to continue to serve as a Director, (iii) prohibits or
restricts the Company or any Affiliate of the Company from terminating the
employment, if any, of any Management Stockholder at any time or for any

                                       11
<Page>

reason whatsoever, with or without cause; or (iv) restricts in any way the
rights of the stockholders of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, to remove
any Management Stockholder as a Director at any time for any reason whatsoever.
Each Management Stockholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that neither the
Company nor any other person has made any representations or promises whatsoever
concerning his or her employment or directorship, or continued employment by the
Company or any Affiliate of the Company.

          (n)  OFFSETS. The Company shall be permitted to offset and reduce from
any amounts payable to a Management Stockholder the amount of any indebtedness
or other obligation or payment owing to the Company by the Management
Stockholder.

          (o)  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This writing constitutes the entire agreement
of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

                            [signature pages follow]

                                       12
<Page>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement on
the date first written above.

                                RBS GLOBAL, INC.


                                By:   /s/ Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      ----------------------------------
                                      Name:  Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      Title: Vice President

                                CARLYLE PARTNERS III, L.P.

                                By: TC Group III, L.P., its General Partner
                                By: TC Group III, L.L.C., its General Partner
                                By: TC Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member
                                By: TCG Holdings, L.L.C., its Managing Member

                                By:   /s/ Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      ----------------------------------
                                      Name:  Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      Title: Managing Director

                                CP III COINVESTMENT, L.P.

                                By: TC Group III, L.P., its General Partner
                                By: TC Group III, L.L.C., its General Partner
                                By: TC Group, L.L.C., its Managing Member
                                By: TCG Holdings, L.L.C., its Managing Member

                                By:   /s/ Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      ----------------------------------
                                      Name:  Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      Title: Managing Director

                                CARLYLE HIGH YIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

                                By: TCG High Yield, L.L.C., its General Partner
                                By: TCG High Yield Holdings, L.L.C.,
                                    its Managing Member
                                By: TC Group, L.L.C., its sole Member
                                By: TCG Holdings, L.L.C., its Managing Member

                                By:   /s/ Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      ----------------------------------
                                      Name:  Praveen R. Jeyarajah
                                      Title: Managing Director

          Each Management Stockholder has agreed to be bound by the terms of
this Agreement by execution and delivery of the signature page set forth as
Exhibit A hereto.

<Page>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                                 SIGNATURE PAGE
                                       TO
                            STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT OF
                                RBS GLOBAL, INC.

          By execution of this signature page, Robert A. Hitt hereby agrees to
become a party (as a Management Stockholder) to, be bound by the obligations of,
and receive the benefits of, that certain Stockholders Agreement of RBS Global,
Inc. dated as of November 25, 2002 by and among Robert A. Hitt, Carlyle Partners
III, L.P., CPIII Coinvestment, L.P., Carlyle High Yield Partners, L.P. and
certain other parties named therein, as amended from time to time thereafter.


                                        /s/ Robert A. Hitt
                                        ------------------------------------
                                        Robert A. Hitt


                                        [Address]
                                        135 South 84th Street, Suite 111
                                        ------------------------------------

                                        Milwaukee, WI 53214
                                        ------------------------------------


Accepted:

RBS Global, Inc.


By:    /s/ Praveen R. Jeyarajah
       ----------------------------------
Name:
       ----------------------------------
Title:
       ----------------------------------

                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
