<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.P
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>l99090aexv10wp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(P) FIRST EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(p)
                        COMPUTER TASK GROUP, INCORPORATED



      FIRST EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN (EIGHTH AMENDMEND AND RESTATEMENT)

         1. NAME AND PURPOSE. The name of the plan is the Computer Task Group,
Incorporated First Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan is
intended to provide an opportunity for employees of Computer Task Group,
Incorporated (the "Company") and its subsidiaries ("Subsidiaries") to purchase
shares of common stock of the Company ("Shares") and thereby provide an
incentive for them to remain in the employ of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and to give them a proprietary interest in its success. The term "Subsidiary"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 424 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Plan is intended to qualify as an "employee
stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Code and shall be interpreted and
construed in accordance with such purpose.

         2. ADMINISTRATION. The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Compensation
Committee") who shall not receive any compensation for administering the Plan.
The Compensation Committee may from time to time interpret, construe and amend
the Plan, adopt rules and regulations relating to its administration and appoint
one or more agents to assist it in the administration of the Plan. Any
interpretation or construction of any provision of the Plan by the Compensation
Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding. The Company shall pay all
expenses of the administration of the Plan.

         3. DURATION OF PLAN. The Plan shall remain in effect until terminated
by the Compensation Committee or as otherwise set forth herein. Each calendar
year shall be a Plan Year.

         4. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN. The maximum aggregate number of Shares which
can be purchased pursuant to the Plan by all employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries shall be 11,500,000, except as adjusted pursuant to Section 15
hereof.

         5. ELIGIBILITY. All employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
be eligible to participate in the Plan and to purchase Shares as hereafter set
forth, except that no employee may participate in the Plan, if immediately after
an option is granted to him or her hereunder, he or she would own (as defined in
Section 424 of the Code) Shares of the Company (including shares of the Company
which he or she may purchase under outstanding options) possessing five (5%)
percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of
shares of the Company. In addition, no employee may participate in the Plan if
the option granted to him or her under the Plan would permit him or her to
purchase Shares under all employee stock purchase plans (as defined in Section
423 of the Code) of the Company and its Subsidiaries to accrue at a rate which
exceeds $25,000 of the fair market value of such Shares (determined at the time
the option hereunder is granted) in any Plan Year. For purposes of this
paragraph, the rules set forth in Section 423(b)(8)(A), (B) and (C) of the Code
shall be applicable.

         6. PURCHASE OF SHARES; GRANT OF OPTIONS. Shares shall be purchased
under the Plan by the exercise of options granted hereunder. Each employee who
participates in the Plan ("Plan Participant") shall be granted an option on each
payday of the Company which shall entitle him or her to purchase Shares under
the Plan up to the maximum number of Shares which he or she can purchase with no
more than ten (10%) percent of the total compensation paid to him or her by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Such amount shall be proportionately reduced
to reflect the employee's maximum length of service with the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in the Plan Year. The options shall be exercisable only in the
manner set forth in Section 8 hereof.

         7. PURCHASE PRICE. The purchase price for Shares purchased under this
Plan shall be the fair market value of the Shares on the last day immediately
preceding the payday on which the Shares are purchased (the "Price Date"). The
term "fair market value" shall be the closing price for a Share as reported by
the National Association of Securities Dealers listing for New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transactions at the close of business on the Price Date. In
the event that there was no such report for such day, the fair market value
shall be such closing price on the first preceding day for which there is such a
report. In no event shall the purchase price for Shares purchased hereunder be
less than the par value thereof.

         8. EXERCISE OF OPTIONS. The options granted hereunder shall be
exercisable on each payday of the Company or if applicable, the relevant
Subsidiary, but only by a payroll deduction authorized pursuant to Section 9
hereof, and only to purchase not more than the maximum number of Shares which,
at the purchase price determined in accordance with Section 7


                                                                              20
<PAGE>

hereof, an employee can purchase pursuant to Section 6 hereof. If on any payday
an employee fails to exercise an option, in whole or in part, the unexercised
portion of the option shall lapse and cannot thereafter be exercised.

         9. COMMENCEMENT OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN. An employee may commence
participation in the Plan at any time by completing and filing with the Company
a "Payroll Deduction Authorization Form" authorizing payroll deductions from his
or her pay. An employee who has withdrawn from the Plan may recommence
participation in the Plan at any time by completing and filing a form with the
Company. Participation in the Plan shall commence or recommence, as the case may
be, on the first payday following receipt of the form by the Company's Benefits
Department in Buffalo, New York or, in the case of a Subsidiary, at the
applicable Benefits Department.

         10. EMPLOYEE ACCOUNTS AND PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS. The Company shall
maintain for each Plan Participant a separate bookkeeping account ("Account") to
which shall be credited all payroll deductions made for him or her and from
which shall be deducted amounts used to purchase Shares hereunder.

         On each payday a payroll deduction in the amount specified in the most
recent Payroll Deduction Authorization Form filed with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be made and the amount thereof shall be credited to the Plan
Participant's Account. All amounts in the Account shall then be used to purchase
the maximum number of whole Shares which can be purchased at the purchase price
determined in accordance with Section 7 hereof. Any amounts remaining in the
Account shall be held by the Company without payment of interest thereon until
the next payday and shall then be used to purchase additional whole Shares.

         A Plan Participant may change the amount of his or her payroll
deduction (subject always to the limitation set forth in this Plan) by
completing and filing with the Company or the relevant Subsidiary a new Payroll
Deduction Authorization Form with the Company's Benefits Department in Buffalo,
New York or the relevant benefits department of a Subsidiary.

         11. WITHDRAWAL FROM THE PLAN; TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN.
A Plan Participant may withdraw from the Plan at any time and for any reason by
delivering a written notification of withdrawal to the Company or the relevant
Subsidiary. Any withdrawal shall become effective immediately upon receipt of
the written notification by the Company's Benefits Department in Buffalo, New
York or the relevant benefits department of a Subsidiary.

         A Plan Participant's participation in the Plan shall automatically
terminate upon his or her ceasing to be an employee of the Company or Subsidiary
for any reason. An employee who has withdrawn from the Plan may recommence
participation in the Plan by completing and filing with the Company or the
relevant Subsidiary a new Payroll Deduction Authorization Form.

         Upon withdrawal or termination, all amounts held by the Company or a
Subsidiary, if applicable, in the Account of an employee shall be returned to
him or her or to his or her estate together with a certificate for Shares
purchased hereunder, if requested.

         12. NONTRANSFERABILITY. The options granted hereunder may not be
assigned, transferred or hypothecated and are exercisable only by the Plan
Participant.

         13. RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER. A Plan Participant shall have all the
rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to Shares
purchased pursuant to the Plan (to the extent permitted by applicable law) on
the date the Shares are purchased.

         14. REPORTS; ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES. On or before the last
business day of June, September, December and March, a report as to the status
of each Plan Participant's Account and certificates representing the Shares
which he or she purchased in the first, second, third and fourth calendar
quarters, if requested, will be sent to him or her. Shares issued hereunder
shall be in the name of the Plan Participant.

         15. ADJUSTMENTS. If there is any change in the outstanding Shares of
the Company as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or combination of
Shares or any other change, or exchange for other securities, by
reclassification, reorganization, redesignation, merger, consolidation, or
recapitalization or otherwise, the Compensation Committee may make appropriate
adjustments in the number and kind of shares and prices per share of Shares
subject to outstanding options in order to preserve the relative benefits to
optionees.

         16. AMENDMENT TO THE PLAN. The Compensation Committee may amend the
Plan at any time in its sole discretion; provided, however, that without
shareholder approval, the Plan may not be amended; (a) to materially increase
the number of Shares which may be purchased pursuant to the Plan; (b) materially
modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in


                                                                              21
<PAGE>

the Plan; (c) materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants under
the Plan; or (d) if the effect of the amendment is to cause the Plan to no
longer be qualified as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of
the Code.

         17. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. The Plan may be terminated by the
Compensation Committee at any time in its sole discretion and shall terminate
automatically, without Compensation Committee action: (i) whenever a required
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is not in
effect with respect to the Shares offered pursuant to the Plan or (ii) whenever
the maximum number of Shares which may be purchased pursuant to the Plan have
been purchased.





                                                                              22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
