<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>g81443exv10w15.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.15 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON EMPLOYEES
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

                            COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                       STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEES

         SECTION 1. PURPOSE. The purpose of the Cox Communications, Inc. Stock
Option Plan for Non-Employees is to provide compensation based on the value of
Common Stock to certain individuals who are not employees of the Corporation.

         SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS. Whenever used herein, unless the context
otherwise indicates, the following terms shall have the respective meaning set
forth below.

                  Act: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                  Board: The Board of Directors of the Corporation.

                  Committee: The Board or a committee appointed by the Board
         that administers the Plan in accordance with Section 3 hereof.

                  Common Stock: Class A Common Stock of Cox Communications, Inc.

                  Corporation: Cox Communications, Inc. or any successor to it
         in ownership of substantially all of its assets, whether by merger,
         consolidation or otherwise.

                  Director: Any member of the Board.

                  Effective Date: The date specified in Section 13 hereof.

                  Option: A right, granted to a Participant under Section 6 to
         purchase shares of Common Stock at a specified price during specified
         time periods.

                  Participant: Each individual to whom an option to purchase
         Common Stock is granted under the Plan.

                  Plan: The Cox Communications, Inc. Stock Option Plan for
         Non-Employees.

                  Subsidiary: means any corporation (other than the Corporation)
         with respect to which the Corporation owns, directly or indirectly, 50%
         or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock. In
         addition, any other related entity may be designated by the Board as a
         Subsidiary, provided such entity could be considered as a subsidiary
         according to generally accepted accounting principles.

<PAGE>

                                      -2-


         SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION.

         3.01. Authority of the Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the
Committee. The Committee shall have full and final authority to take the
following actions, in each case subject to and consistent with the provisions of
the Plan:

                  (i) to select and designate Participants;

                  (ii) to determine the number of Options to be granted, the
         number of shares of Common Stock to which an Option will relate, the
         terms and conditions of any Option granted under the Plan (including,
         but not limited to, any exercise price, grant price, or purchase price,
         any restriction or condition, any schedule for lapse of restrictions or
         conditions relating to transferability or forfeiture, exercisability,
         or settlement of an Option, and waivers or accelerations thereof, and
         waiver of performance conditions relating to an Option, based in each
         case on such considerations as the Committee shall determine), and all
         other matters to be determined in connection with an Option;

                  (iii) to determine whether, to what extent, and under what
         circumstances an Option may be settled, or the exercise price of an
         Option may be paid, in cash, shares of Common Stock, or other property,
         or an Option may be cancelled, forfeited or surrendered;

                  (iv) to prescribe the form of each Option agreement, which
         need not be identical for each Participant;

                  (v) to adopt, amend, suspend, waive and rescind such rules and
         regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee may deem necessary
         or advisable to administer the Plan;

                  (vi) to correct any defect or supply an omission or reconcile
         any inconsistency in the Plan and to construe and interpret the Plan
         and any Option agreement, rules and regulations, or other instrument
         hereunder; and

                  (vii) to make all other decisions and determinations as may be
         required under the terms of the Plan or as the Committee may deem
         necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.

         3.02. Manner of Exercise of Committee Authority. Unless authority is
specifically reserved to the Board under the terms of the Plan or applicable
law, the Committee shall have sole discretion in exercising such authority under
the Plan. Any action of the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be final,
conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Corporation, Subsidiaries,
Participants, any person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any
Participant and shareholders. The express grant of any specific power to the
Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed
as limiting any power or authority of the Committee. A memorandum signed by all
members of the Committee shall constitute the act of the Committee without the
necessity, in such event, to hold a meeting. The Committee may delegate to
officers or managers of the Corporation or any subsidiary the authority to
perform administrative functions under the Plan, subject to such terms as the
Committee shall determine. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the
contrary, the Committee may delegate any or all of its authority to select
Participants, determine the type, amount and terms of Awards and to exercise all
other powers described in Section 3.01 to any person or persons the Committee
shall from time to time designate, but such delegation of authority may be made
only with respect to the selection under the Plan for participation by and
issuance of Awards to individuals who are not officers or directors who could be
exempt from Section 16 of the Exchange Act under the provisions of Rule 16b-3.

<PAGE>

                                      -3-


      3.03. Limitation of Liability. Each member of the Committee shall be
entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information
furnished to him by any officer or other employee of the Corporation or any
Subsidiary, the Corporation's independent certified public accountants, or any
executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the
Corporation to assist in the administration of the Plan. No member of the
Committee, nor any officer or employee of the Corporation acting on behalf of
the Committee, shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or
interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and all
members of the Committee and any officer or employee of the Corporation acting
on their behalf, shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and
protected by the Corporation with respect to any such action, determination, or
interpretation.

         SECTION 4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. Subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 10, the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and
available for awards under the Plan shall be Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand
(250,000) shares. For purposes of this Section 4, the number of and time at
which shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be subject to option and
therefore counted against the number of shares of Common Stock reserved and
available under the Plan shall be the earliest date at which the Committee can
reasonably estimate the number of shares of Common Stock to be distributed in
settlement of an option or with respect to which payments will be made;
provided, that, the Committee may adopt procedures for the counting of shares of
Common Stock relating to any option for which the number of shares of Common
Stock to be distributed or with respect to which payment will be made cannot be
fixed at the date of grant to ensure appropriate counting, avoid double
counting, and provide for adjustments in any case in which the number of shares
of Common Stock actually distributed or with respect to which payments are
actually made differs from the number of shares of Common Stock previously
counted in connection with such option.

         If any shares of Common Stock to which an option relates are forfeited
or the option is settled or terminates without a distribution of shares of
Common Stock (whether or not cash, other options, or other property is
distributed with respect to such option), any shares of Common Stock counted
against the number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available under the
Plan with respect to such option shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture,
settlement or termination, again be available for options under the Plan.

         SECTION 5. ELIGIBILITY. Awards may be granted only to individuals who
are not employees of the Corporation.

         SECTION 6. OPTIONS. The Committee is authorized to grant Options to
Participants on the following terms and conditions:

                  (i) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common
         Stock purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Committee.

                  (ii) Time and Method of Exercise. The Committee shall
         determine the time or times at which an option may be exercised in
         whole or in part, the methods by which such exercise price may be paid
         or deemed to be paid, the form of such payment, including, without
         limitation, cash, shares of Common Stock, other options or awards
         issued under other Corporation plans, or other property (including
         notes or other contractual obligations of Participants to make payment
         on a deferred basis, such as through "cashless exercise" arrangements),
         and the methods by which shares of Common Stock will be delivered or
         deemed to be delivered to Participants. Options shall expire not later
         than ten years after the date of grant.

<PAGE>

                                      -4-


                  (iii) Types of Options. Each option issued under this Plan
         shall be a nonqualified stock option. No option issued under this plan
         is intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code
         Section 422.

         SECTION 7. LIMITS ON TRANSFER OF AWARDS; BENEFICIARIES. No right or
interest of a Participant shall be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in
favor of any party (other than the Corporation or a Subsidiary), or shall be
subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant to any party
(other than the Corporation or a Subsidiary). Unless otherwise determined by the
Committee no Option subject to any restriction shall be assignable or
transferable by a Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution (except to the Corporation under the terms of the Plan); provided,
however, that a Participant may, in the manner established by the Committee,
designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of the
Participant, and to receive any distribution, with respect to any Option, upon
the death of the Participant. A beneficiary, guardian, legal representative, or
other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant
shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Option
Agreement applicable to such Participant or agreement applicable to such, except
to the extent the Plan and such Option Agreement or agreement otherwise provide
with respect to such persons, and to any additional restrictions deemed
necessary or appropriate by the Committee.

         SECTION 8. SHARE CERTIFICATES. All certificates for shares of Common
Stock delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Option or the exercise thereof
shall be subject to such stop-transfer order and other restrictions as the
Committee may deem advisable under applicable federal or state laws, rules and
regulations thereunder, and the rules of any national securities exchange on
which shares of Common Stock are listed. The Committee may cause a legend or
legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to
such restrictions or any other restrictions that may be applicable to shares of
Common Stock, including under the terms of the Plan or any Option Agreement. In
addition, during any period in which Options or shares of Common Stock are
subject to restrictions under the terms of the Plan or any Option Agreement, or
during any period during which delivery or receipt of any Option or shares of
Common Stock has been deferred by the Committee or a Participant, the Committee
may require the Participant to enter into an agreement providing that
certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable or issued pursuant to
an Option shall remain in the physical custody of the Corporation or such other
person as the Committee may designate.

         SECTION 9. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE AND LISTING. The issuance or delivery
of any shares of Common Stock may be postponed by the Corporation for such
period as may be required to comply with any applicable requirements under the
Federal securities laws, any applicable listing requirements of any national
securities exchange or any requirements under any other law or regulation
applicable to the issuance or delivery of such shares and the Corporation shall
not be obligated to issue or deliver any such shares of Common Stock if the
issuance or delivery thereof shall constitute a violation of any provisions of
any law or any regulation of any governmental authority or any national
securities exchange.

         SECTION 10. ADJUSTMENTS. In the event of a recapitalization, stock
split, stock dividend, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation,
rights offering, separation, reorganization or liquidation, or any other change
in the corporate structure or shares of the Corporation, the Committee, in the
exercise of its sole discretion, may make such equitable adjustments, to prevent
dilution or enlargement of rights, as it may deem appropriate in the number and
class of shares of Common Stock authorized to be granted hereunder.

         SECTION 11. TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT. The Board may at any time
terminate the Plan and may from time to time alter or amend the Plan or any part
thereof (including any amendment deemed necessary to

<PAGE>

                                      -5-


ensure that the Corporation may comply with any regulatory requirement referred
to in Section 5), provided, that, unless otherwise required by law, the rights
of a Participant with respect to any option shares of the Common Stock granted
prior to such termination, alteration or amendment may not be impaired without
the consent of such Participant and, provided further, to the extent required by
any Federal or state law or regulation or the rules of any stock exchange on
which the Common stock may be listed, without the approval of the corporation's
shareholders, no alteration or amendment may be made which would (i) materially
increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted
under the Plan (except by operation of Section 6), or (ii) change the category
of individuals eligible to receive shares of Common Stock under the Plan.

         SECTION 12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

                  (i) No Rights to Options. No Participant or employee shall
         have any claim to be granted any Option under the Plan, and there is no
         obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants and employees.

              (ii) No Shareholder Rights. No Option shall confer on any
      Participant any of the rights of a shareholder of the Corporation unless
      and until shares of Common Stock are duly issued or transferred to the
      Participant in accordance with the terms of the Option.

              (iii) Tax Withholding. The Corporation or any Subsidiary is
      authorized to withhold from any Award granted, any payment relating to an
      Option under the Plan, including from a distribution of shares of Common
      Stock, or any payroll or other payment to a Participant, amounts or
      withholding and other taxes due with respect thereto, its exercise, or any
      payment thereunder, and to take such other action as the Committee may
      deem necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation and Participants to
      satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax
      liabilities relating to any Option. This authority shall include authority
      to withhold or receive shares of Common Stock or other property and to
      make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of Participant's tax
      obligations.

              (iv) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall
      be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Option. The Committee
      shall determine whether cash, other Options, or other property shall be
      issued or paid in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock or whether
      such fractional shares of Common Stock or any rights thereto shall be
      forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

              (v) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of the
      plan, any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and any Option
      Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of
      Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws, and
      applicable federal law.

         SECTION 13. EFFECTIVE DATE. The Plan shall become effective on the date
of the consummation of the merger of TCA Cable TV, Inc. with and into Cox
Classic Cable, Inc.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
