<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>securityagr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT made this  31st  day of December,  2002, by and  between
R-DOC, LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company ("Debtor"); and HomeGold,
Inc., a South Carolina corporation ("Secured Party");

         FOR VALUABLE  CONSIDERATIONS,  the receipt and sufficiency of which are
acknowledged,  and to secure that certain  promissory note dated the date hereof
in the amount of Eight  Million  Four  Hundred  Forty-Four  Thousand Six Hundred
Seventy-Nine  71/100  Dollars  ($8,444,679.71)  given by Debtor to Secured Party
(the  "Note")  and the other  present  and future  Obligations  (as  hereinafter
defined),  Debtor grants to Secured Party a security  interest in the Collateral
referred  to below to secure  payment of the Note and other  obligations  as set
forth herein.

         1. For purposes of this  Agreement,  the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

         "Accounts"  shall mean and include all of Debtor's  accounts,  contract
rights,  chattel  paper and  instruments,  whether  now  existing  or  hereafter
acquired or arising or in which Debtor now has or hereafter acquires any rights,
including,  without  limitation,  all present and future  rights to payments for
Inventory sold or leased or for services rendered, whether or not represented by
instruments or chattel paper, and whether or not earned by performance; proceeds
of any  letter  of  credit  on which  Debtor  is  beneficiary;  and all forms of
obligations  whatsoever  owing to  Debtor,  together  with all  instruments  and
documents  of  title  representing  any  of the  foregoing,  all  rights  in any
Inventory or services  which any of the foregoing may  represent,  all rights in
any returned or  repossessed  Inventory and all rights,  security and guaranties
with respect to each of the foregoing,  including, without limitation, any right
of stoppage in transit.

         "Deposit Account" means a demand, time, savings, passbook, money market
or other  depository  account,  or a certificate  of deposit,  maintained by the
Debtor  with any  bank,  savings  and loan  association,  credit  union or other
depository  institution,  but  excluding  any payroll  account,  other  employee
benefit account or trust account of the Debtor.

         "Equipment"  shall  mean and  include  all of  Debtor's  equipment  and
fixtures,  whether  now  existing or  hereafter  acquired or arising or in which
Debtor now has or hereafter acquires any rights, including,  without limitation,
all furniture,  tools,  machinery,  vehicles,  rolling stock and trade fixtures,
together  with any and all  accessories,  accessions,  parts  and  appurtenances
thereto, substitutions therefor and replacements thereof.

         "General  Intangibles"  shall mean and include all of Debtor's  general
intangibles,  whether now existing or hereafter  acquired or arising or in which
Debtor now has or hereafter acquires any rights, including,  without limitation,
all causes of action,  choses in action,  corporate or other  business  records,
inventions,  designs,  patents, patent applications,  service marks, trademarks,

<PAGE>

trademark  applications,  trade names, trade secrets,  goodwill,  registrations,
copyrights, licenses, franchises, customer lists, vendor lists, tax refunds, tax
refund  claims,  rights  and  claims  against  carriers  and  shippers,  leases,
reversions  from any  employee  benefit  plan,  rights to  warranty  guaranty or
indemnification,   all  catalogs,   sales  promotion   literature,   advertising
materials,  management  information  systems,  software,  technology,  know-how,
specifications,   drawings,  processes,  quality  control  data  and  all  other
intangible personal property of every kind and nature (other than Accounts).

         "Inventory" shall mean and include all of Debtor's  inventory,  whether
now  existing or  hereafter  acquired  or arising or in which  Debtor now has or
hereafter acquires any rights,  including,  without  limitation,  all inventory,
merchandise  and goods held by Debtor for sale or lease or to be furnished under
any contract of service,  or so furnished by Debtor,  any and all raw materials,
work in process,  finished goods and materials and supplies of any kind,  nature
or  description  which are or might be used or consumed in Debtor's  business or
are or might be used in  connection  with the  manufacture,  packing,  shipping,
advertising,  inventory, merchandise and selling or finishing of such inventory,
merchandise and goods, all returned or repossessed  goods now, or at any time or
times  hereafter,  in the  possession  or under the  control of Debtor,  and all
documents of title or documents representing the same.

         "Investment  Property" shall mean a security,  whether  certificated or
uncertificated,  security entitlement,  securities account,  commodity contract,
unit of ownership interest, or commodity account.

         "Letter-of-credit  right" shall mean a right to payment or  performance
under a letter of credit,  whether or not the  beneficiary has demanded or is at
the time entitled to demand payment or performance.

         "Property" shall mean any real or personal property,  plant,  building,
facility, structure, equipment or unit, or other asset owned, leased or operated
by the Debtor or any subsidiary of the Debtor,  including,  without  limitation,
the Collateral.

         2. The collateral is described as follows:

         All Debtor's  right,  title and interest in and to all of the following
         property,  or  interests  in property  of Debtor,  whether now owned or
         hereafter  acquired  or  arising,  howsoever  evidenced,  and  wherever
         located:  all  Property,  Accounts,  Inventory,  Equipment,  Investment
         Property,  Letter-of-credit  rights and General Intangibles,  all books

<PAGE>

         and records  pertaining to any of the foregoing,  any other property of
         the Debtor not included in the foregoing, and all products and proceeds
         of any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, proceeds of any
         insurance policies issued relative to any Collateral)

herein referred to as the "Collateral."

         3. As  additional  security  for the  payment  and  performance  of the
Obligations,  the Debtor  grants to Secured  Party a  security  interest  in and
assigns to Secured Party,  all of the Debtor's right,  title and interest in and
to each  Deposit  Account of the Debtor and in and to any deposits or other sums
at any time credited to such Deposit Account,  including any sums in any blocked
account or special lockbox account. In connection with the foregoing, the Debtor
hereby  authorizes and directs each bank or other  depository at which a Deposit
Account is maintained to pay or deliver to Secured Party upon its written demand
therefor made at any time that a default as described in Section 12 below exists
and without  further  notice to the Debtor (such  notice being hereby  expressly
waived),  all balances in each Deposit  Account for  application  to Obligations
then  outstanding.  The rights  given  Secured  Party in this  Section  shall be
cumulative  with and in addition to Secured Party's other rights and remedies in
regard to the foregoing  Property as proceeds of  Collateral.  The Debtor hereby
irrevocably  appoints  Secured Party as its attorney to collect any and all such
balances to the extent  payment is not made to Secured  Party by a bank or other
depository after demand thereon is made by Secured Party.

         4. The obligations  (herein the  "Obligations")  secured hereby include
the  obligations  of Debtor to pay the  principal  of and  interest  on the Note
according to its terms; to perform all other covenants and conditions  contained
in the Note and in this  Agreement;  and to pay all costs  incurred  by  Secured
Party to obtain,  preserve and enforce this Agreement,  collect the Obligations,
and maintain and preserve the Collateral.

         5. The  Debtor  will keep and  maintain,  at its own cost and  expense,
satisfactory  and  complete  books  and  records  of  and  with  respect  to the
Collateral and allow,  without  hindrance or delay, free and full access to such
records and any other data relating to the  Collateral,  and Secured Party shall
have  the  right  at all  reasonable  times to  examine  the same and to  audit,
inspect, verify, check and make extracts or photocopies therefrom.

         6. Until all  Obligations  have been fully paid and  satisfied and this
Agreement has been terminated, the security interests and liens described herein
shall continue in full force and effect and the Debtor shall perform any and all
steps  requested  by  Secured  Party  in its  sole  discretion,  exercised  in a
commercially  reasonable  manner, to perfect and maintain such security interest
and liens in such regard, including, without limitation, by executing and filing
financing and  continuation  statements,  and  amendments  thereof,  in form and
substance  satisfactory to Secured Party,  by executing and recording  mortgages
and deeds of trust in form and  substance  satisfactory  to  Secured  Party,  by
delivering  to Secured  Party  warehouse  receipts  covering that portion of the
Collateral,  if any, located in warehouses and for which warehouse  receipts are
issued,  by taking such other steps as are deemed  necessary by Secured Party in

<PAGE>

its sole discretion,  exercised in a commercially reasonable manner, to maintain
Secured Party's  security  interests in the Inventory,  by placing  notations on
Secured Party's books of account to disclose Secured Party's  security  interest
therein,  by  delivering  to  Secured  Party all  letters of credit on which the
Debtor  is  named  as a  beneficiary  and,  in  the  case  of any  documents  or
instruments  included in the Collateral,  promptly delivering the same after the
Debtor's  receipt  thereof to Secured Party,  or causing the same to be held for
the account of Secured  Party by an escrow agent or other bailee or by causing a
notation of Secured Party's liens to be made theron,  or by some  combination of
the foregoing as Secured Party may request from time to time.

         7. The Debtor agrees not to assign, sell, mortgage, lease, transfer, or
dispose of or  abandon  any part of the  Collateral  without  the prior  written
consent of Secured  Party,  except in the ordinary  course of business.  Neither
will the Debtor move the Collateral  from any location to another without notice
to and the prior written  consent of the Secured  Party,  except in the ordinary
course of business.  Debtor  shall have the right to pledge,  encumber and grant
security  interests in the  Collateral to other secured  parties whose  security
interests in the Collateral  are junior and subject and  subordinate to those of
Secured Party.

         8. The Debtor will make due and timely payment or deposit of all taxes,
assessments or contributions required by law which may be lawfully assessed with
respect to any of the Collateral and will deliver to the Secured Party on demand
appropriate  certificates  attesting  thereto.  The Debtor  will at its  expense
insure  the  Collateral  in the name of and with loss or damage  payable  to the
Secured  Party as loss payee  against  loss or fire and  extended  coverage  for
theft,  burglary,  bodily  injury and such other risks as the Secured  Party may
require  from time to time,  with such  companies  and in such amounts as may be
required by the Secured  Party to protect its  security  interest  and cause the
insurance policies to be delivered to Secured Party within thirty days after the
beginning of each policy term.  The Debtor will maintain the  Collateral in good
condition  and repair.  Debtor will allow  inspection  by the Secured Party upon
reasonable notice.

         9. The Secured Party may at its discretion pay any amount or do any act
which is required to be paid or done by the Debtor  according to the  provisions
hereof and which Debtor  fails to do or which is  reasonably  necessary  for the
protection of the  Collateral.  The Debtor will  reimburse the Secured Party for
any such sum, cost or expense that the Secured  Party may so pay or incur,  upon
demand.

         10. If there  shall be any  default  (a) in the payment of any sums due
under the Note and such  default is not cured within ten days from the due date,
or (b) if there  shall  be  default  in any of the  other  Obligations  and such
default is not cured within fifteen days after written  notice,  then and in any

<PAGE>

of such events, without further notice, it shall be lawful for the Secured Party
to declare the remainder of the sums and obligations secured hereby at once due,
payable and performable.

         11.  Upon  default,  the  Secured  Party  shall have all the rights and
remedies of a Secured Party under the Uniform Commercial Code. In addition,  the
Secured Party may enter upon any premises whatsoever in which the Collateral may
be located and take  possession  thereof and assemble and dispose of same at any
place and time designated by the Secured Party at public or private proceedings.

         12.  No  extension  or  forbearance  on  Secured  Party's  part will be
considered a waiver of any right.  Any different  understanding of any provision
of this Agreement must be in writing to be effective.

         13. Notices will be deemed given on the date they are hand delivered or
three days after they are mailed  certified or registered,  first-class  postage
prepaid, to the party at the addresses indicated below:

As to Debtor:                       R-DOC, LLC
                                    113 Reed Avenue
                                    Lexington, SC 29072
                                    Attention: Ronald J. Sheppard
                                    Fax: (803)

As to Secured Party:                HomeGold, Inc.
                                    1021 Briar Gate Circle
                                    Columbia, SC 29021
                                    Attention: Karen A. Miller
                                    Fax: (803)

         14. The Debtor shall be and remain liable for any Obligation  remaining
after  crediting  to the Debtor any net proceeds  received by the Secured  Party
following exercise of any of its rights and remedies hereunder.

         15. The Debtor  shall be liable for all costs  incurred  by the Secured
Party in  collecting  any sums owed to the  Secured  Party  under the Note or in
otherwise  enforcing  the other  Obligations  (whether or not suit is  brought),
including,  but not limited to, all  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  expenses,
court costs, and costs of consultants, appraisers and other advisors retained by
the Secured  Party.  In the event of any default,  the Secured Party may, in its
own discretion,  cure such default and, if it does so, any expenditures made for
such purpose shall be added to the principal of the Note.

         16. The Debtor hereby agrees to indemnify,  defend and hold the Secured
Party  harmless from and against any claim,  suit,  loss,  liability,  damage or
expense (including  attorneys' fees and expenses)  resulting from or arising out
of the Secured Party's relationship with the Debtor,  except for any such claims

<PAGE>

resulting from the gross negligence or willful  misconduct of the Secured Party.
Any actual or  threatened  claim  involving  the Secured  Party may be defended,
compromised, settled or pursued by the Secured Party with counsel of the Secured
Party's selection,  but at the expense of the Debtor. The obligations  contained
in this  paragraph 16 shall survive  payment of the Obligation and shall survive
any termination, release, or discharge executed by the Secured Party in favor of
the Debtor or any other party.

         17. The provisions of this  Agreement  shall be deemed  severable,  and
invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more of the provisions hereof shall
not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions hereof.

         18. This Agreement  shall be construed and enforced in accordance  with
the law of the State of South Carolina.

         19.  This  Agreement  sets forth the entire  agreement  of the  parties
regarding the subject matter hereof.  Any previous  agreements or understandings
of the  parties  regarding  the  subject  matter  hereof are merged into and are
superseded by this Agreement.

         20.   Except   as   otherwise   provided   in   this   Agreement,   all
representations, warranties, covenants, terms, conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their legal successors and assigns.

         21. The principle that any  ambiguity  shall be  construed  against the
drafter of an agreement shall not be applicable to this agreement, such that the
agreement shall not be construed for or against one party or the other.

         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Debtor and  Secured  Party  have  executed  this
Agreement under seal, the day and year first written above.

         R-DOC, LLC


         By: /s/ Ronald J. Sheppard
             -------------------------------
               Title:   CEO





         HOMEGOLD, INC.



         By: /s/ Forrest Ferrell
             -------------------------------
               Title:  CEO


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
