<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>loanservicingagr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LOAN SERVICING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                            LOAN SERVICING AGREEMENT

         This  Loan   Servicing   Agreement   dated   December  31,  2002  (this
"Agreement")  between HomeGold,  Inc. (the "Servicer") and EMMCO, LLC, a limited
liability  company  organized under the laws of the State of South Carolina (the
"Customer").

         WHEREAS,  the Servicer  desires to provide and the Customer  desires to
receive certain  services (the  "Services")  including,  but not limited to, the
following:

         A.  residential  mortgage  loan  servicing  as  described  in Exhibit A
annexed hereto;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises,  covenants and
conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1. The  Servicer shall  provide the Services described in Exhibit A annexed
hereto for  the Customer at the rates set forth in Exhibit B annexed hereto. The
rates set forth  in  Exhibit B represent an arm's-length price that the Servicer
would charge and the Customer would pay an independent third party for providing
said Services.

     2. This Agreement shall expire December 31, 2003 (the "Initial Term"). Upon
expiration of the Initial Term,  this  Agreement  shall  renew  annually for the
following calendar year (the "Renewal Term") unless the Customer or the Servicer
notifies the other in  writing  within  60  days  before  the  expiration of the
current term that the Agreement shall not be renewed.

     3. The Servicer  shall  revise  Exhibit  B to modify the rates set forth on
Exhibit B once per year after the Initial Term  to reflect changes in the actual
costs incurred or estimated costs to be  incurred  by  the Servicer in providing
the Services to the Customer. Customer may either  accept such revised Exhibit B
or  terminate  this  Agreement  upon  30  days'  written  notice to Servicer. If
accepted  by  Customer, such  revised  Exhibit  B shall  be  substituted for the
Exhibit B then in effect and shall become effective upon  the date  set forth in
such revised Exhibit B.

     4.    (a) The Servicer and the Customer represent that Exhibit A contains a
general description  of  the  Services  to  be provided  by  the Servicer to the
Customer. In performing these Services, the scope of the work undertaken and the
manner of its performance shall be substantially the sam e as  for  similar work
performed  by  the  Servicer  for  transactions  on  its  own  behalf, with such
modifications  as may be appropriate in order to accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement. The  Servicer shall give the Customer reasonable notice of all system
changes affecting  the Customer's procedures or reports as these changes pertain
to the Services.

           (b)  If  the  changes  referred  to  in  paragraph  (a) above are not
acceptable to the Customer,  the Customer may terminate this Agreement on thirty
(30) days' written notice to Servicer,  provided such notice is given within ten
(10) days after the Customer has received notice of such change.

    5.     (a) The Customer shall furnish all data, records and materials in the
manner, at the place and within the time limits determined by the Servicer to be
necessary to perform the Services. The Customer shall prepare all data submitted
for processing with reasonable care and in a manner acceptable to the Servicer.

           (b) If the Servicer's messenger  picks up the data from the Customer,
the risk of loss shall pass to the Servicer  upon the  Customer's  submission of
the data to the  messenger.  The risk of loss  shall be on the  Customer,  if it
utilizes its own messenger, until the data have been received by the Servicer at
its loan operations center.


<PAGE>

           (c) The Customer hereby agrees that any additional  costs incurred by
the Servicer because data,  records or materials sent by or for the Customer are
not in the form  required by this  Agreement or are not received by the Servicer
in accordance with the time schedule  established to permit the Servicer to meet
its required delivery schedule are the responsibility of the Customer.

           (d) The Servicer shall not be responsible for errors  resulting  from
any incorrect data submitted for processing by the  Customer.  The Servicer may,
however, make minor corrections to the data if the original source documents are
in error or make other minor adjustments,  without charge,  unless the volume of
such items becomes  unreasonable in the judgment of the Servicer,  at which time
the Servicer may notify the Customer of its intention to impose charges for such
additional work at its then prevailing rates.

     6. It is understood and agreed that the  performance  of the Services is or
might be subject to regulation and examination by authorized representatives  of
the  Secretary  of  State,  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission, or other
appropriate federal  or  state  regulatory agencies, and that  each party is and
shall be authorized   to  submit  or  furnish  to  any  such  regulatory  agency
reports, information,  assurances  and  other data  as  may be  required  by, or
reasonably requested of it, under  applicable laws and  regulations,  including,
without limitation, any appropriate notifications concerning  the initiation  or
termination of this Agreement or any of the Services provided to the Customer.

     7. The Servicer shall, with appropriate charge,  promptly  make any and all
modifications  to forms,  documents and reporting  methods as may be required to
comply with any statutory,  regulatory,  or administrative  rules or other legal
requirements.  The Servicer,  subject to Customer providing reasonable notice as
established  by Servicer,  shall make and implement any  modification  to forms,
documents  and  reporting  methods  required  in  response  to  such  statutory,
regulatory,  or administrative rules or other legal requirements by such time as
the modifications may be necessary.

     8. After the end of each calendar  month that this  Agreement is in effect,
the Servicer shall invoice the Customer  for  all  fees  and  charges  due   the
Servicer, and the Customer shall pay each such invoice upon receipt thereof. The
rates set  forth in  Exhibit B are exclusive of all taxes,  however  designated,
imposed on any amount payable hereunder for the Services or their  provision  to
the Customer. Any  sales  and use taxes, however  designated, and if applicable,
shall be the responsibility of and shall  be paid by the Customer. If at the end
of any month,  there are amounts "due from" the Servicer  to the Customer  which
are not paid, such "due from"  amounts  will be deemed to be an account  payable
to the Customer at the Servicer.

     9. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICER  MAKES NO
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE SERVICES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR
IN LAW,  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF  MERCHANTABILITY  OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

     10.  The liability of the Servicer to the Customer  for any loss due to the
Servicer's  performing,  or failing to perform, the Services shall be contingent
upon the Customer's  compliance with its obligations herein and shall be limited
to those  losses  sustained  by the  Customer  which are a direct  result of the
Servicer's gross negligence or willful misconduct;  provided,  however, that the
Servicer's only liability to the Customer arising from any  interruptions in, or
delay or  unavailability  of, the  Services  or any errors or  omissions  in the
Services  or any  loss of  data,  shall  be to  restore  any  Service  which  is
interrupted  or is delayed or becomes  unavailable,  as promptly  as  reasonably
practicable  and,  in the case of any error or  omission in a Service or loss of
data, to correct such error or omission or regenerate  any lost data;  provided,
further, that the Servicer shall not be obligated hereunder to correct any error
or omission in the  Services if it would not  ordinarily  correct  such error or
omission.  The Customer shall retain  records  provided to it by the Servicer to
permit reconstruction of data, records and materials provided by the Customer to
the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement.


<PAGE>

     11. The Servicer  shall  not  be  responsible  or liable for its failure or
delay in performance  of the Services  when such failure or delay arises out of,
results from, or is caused  by  any  act  or  omission of the Customer or by any
event beyond the  control of the Servicer,  including,  but not limited to fire,
flood or other catastrophe, legal acts of a public  authority,  strikes,  riots,
or failure of communications or power supply.

     12.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained  herein  to  the  contrary,   the
aggregate amount of any money  damages  to  which  the Customer  and any and all
other parties claiming by,  through or under the Customer may be entitled as the
result of any claim against  the  Servicer  (regardless  of whether  such claims
are  based  on  contract, tort  (including  negligence  and  strict  liability),
warranty or other  legal  or  equitable  grounds) shall  be limited to an amount
equal  to  the  lesser  of  (a)  the  actual  amount  of such  losses,  damages,
injuries,  claims,  costs  or  expenses  or (b) the   aggregate  annual   amount
payable by the  Customer to the Servicer for  the Service affected, as stated on
Exhibit B.

     13.  The Servicer shall not incur any liability or  obligation  under  this
Agreement by reason of any loss or damage to the Customer  caused by an error or
omission of the Servicer unless the Customer shall have informed the Servicer of
such error or omission  within two Servicer  business  days after the  discovery
thereof.  The Customer  agrees to use diligent  efforts to reconstruct  any lost
data, records or materials, and if appropriate, to charge back to the Customer's
depositors'  accounts and the forwarding banks' accounts,  and to obtain refunds
from its  depositors'  forwarding  banks and endorsers'  banks.  If the Servicer
carries  insurance  against the type of loss  incurred,  the Customer  agrees to
cooperate in furnishing  proof of loss in a form  satisfactory to the Servicer's
insurance  company  and to assist  the  Servicer  and its  insurance  company in
settlement of the claim.

     14.  In the event of a material breach of a party's obligations under  this
Agreement  (an "Event of  Default"),  the other  party  shall  provide a written
notice of such  Event of  Default  and a demand  that such  Event of  Default be
cured.  In the event the breaching  party fails in good faith to cure such Event
of Default within ten (10) days following receipt of such notice and demand, the
non-defaulting  party may terminate this  Agreement  and/or take legal action to
obtain specific  performance,  injunctive and other equitable  relief as well as
any  other  remedies  as  may be  available  at law  or  equity  subject  to the
limitations set forth in this Agreement.

     15. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING,  IT  IS HEREBY AGREED
THAT  IN  NO  EVENT  WILL  THE  SERVICER BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER
INDIRECT, SPECIAL,  INCIDENTAL OR  CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES WHICH THE CUSTOMER MAY
INCUR OR EXPERIENCE  BY  REASON OF HAVING  ENTERED INTO OR HAVING RELIED ON THIS
AGREEMENT OR  ARISING  OUT  OF  OR IN CONNECTION  WITH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF THE
SERVICER HAS  BEEN  ADVISED  OR  IS  OTHERWISE  AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES; NOR SHALL THE   SERVICER  BE  LIABLE  FOR  ACTS  OF  GOD,  MACHINE   OR
COMPUTER    BREAKDOWN   OR   MALFUNCTION,   INTERRUPTION   OR   MALFUNCTION   OF
COMMUNICATIONS  OR POWER SUPPLY, LABOR DIFFICULTIES OR ANY OTHER  SIMILAR  CAUSE
OR CATASTROPHE  BEYOND  THE SERVICER'S CONTROL.

     16.  In performing the Services, the Servicer  shall be  deemed  to have an
independent  contractual  relationship with the Customer.  Servicer shall not be
deemed to have any relationship with the Customer's  customers by reason of this
Agreement, and in no event shall any of the Customer's customers be considered a
third party beneficiary of this Agreement.  To the extent that third parties may
make claims  against the  Servicer  arising out of the  Services,  the  Customer
agrees to indemnify  and hold the Servicer  harmless  from and against all loss,
liability,  claim, action, demand or suits,  including any claims for attorneys'
fees arising therefrom.

     17. All files,  documentation  and  programs  (whether  standard   Servicer
programs or programs  developed  specifically for the Customer) shall remain the
property of the Servicer,  unless otherwise  specified  in  this Agreement. Upon
termination of the  Services, the Servicer will  make available to the  Customer

<PAGE>

all data contained in all  master  files  and transaction  files  then available
relevant to the Services. Any expense incurred by the Servicer in providing such
information shall be paid for  by the Customer at the Servicer's then prevailing
rates.

     18. The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold the Servicer harmless against
any loss, liability, claim,  damage,  suit  or  other  legal  action  which  the
Servicer may suffer or be liable  for by reason of any errors or omissions made,
permitted to be made, caused to be made or omitted by the Customer.

     19. The Customer may not assign  this  Agreement  or any of its  rights  or
obligations hereunder without the written consent of the Servicer.  The Servicer
may assign this Agreement,  or subcontract any one or more of the services to be
provided  under this  Agreement,  in whole or in part, and any of its rights and
obligations  (including,  without  limitation,  its  obligation  to provide  the
Services) to any affiliate of the Servicer. Any such assignment shall not act as
a release of Servicer from liability for performance under this Agreement.

     20. This   Agreement  shall  be  governed  by,  construed  and  enforced in
accordance with  the  laws  of  the  State  of South Carolina  without regard to
conflict of laws principles  subjecting  the  Agreement  to the  laws of another
state.

     21. The Servicer will regard and  preserve  as  confidential  all data of a
confidential  nature related to the business of the Customer and provided by the
Customer  to the  Servicer.  The  Servicer  will  take the same  precautions  to
preserve such confidential information as the Servicer takes with respect to its
own confidential information.

     22. The  Servicer   agrees  that   it  will  indemnify the Customer for any
settlement  payments  or  any costs or damages that a court  awards  against the
Customer as a result of any claim that any software or computer programs used in
providing the Services  infringed  a  patent,  copyright  or other  third  party
intellectual property right; provided,  however,  it is an express  condition to
this Agreement to indemnify  Customer  as set forth in this paragraph,  that the
Customer provide prompt written notice of such claim to the Servicer and tenders
to the Servicer or, at the  Servicer's  request,  to the owner or vendor of such
software, the defense and all  related  settlement  negotiations;  and provided,
further that if any such claim arises from software which the Servicer  licenses
from  a  third  party,  the  Servicer's obligation to indemnify the Customer  is
limited to the amount such third party pays to the Servicer with respect to such
claim for the purpose of indemnifying the Customer.

     23. No waiver of any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement  shall be
effective  or binding  unless such waiver is in writing and is signed by both of
the parties hereto, nor shall this Agreement be changed, modified, discharged or
terminated other than in accordance with its terms, in whole or in part,  except
by a writing signed by both parties.





(A) All communications and notices relating to this Agreement are to be sent:

         If to the Servicer:
              HomeGold, Inc.

              1021 Briargate Circle
              Columbia, SC  29021
              Attention: Karen A. Miller


<PAGE>

         If to the Customer:

              EMMCO, LLC
              113 Reed Ave.
              Lexington, SC  29072
              Attention:  Ronald J. Sheppard


     (B) or to such  other  address  as a party may  designate  to the other and
such notices  shall  be  deemed  duly given three (3) days after  mailed or upon
delivery by hand or upon receipt of confirmed answer back if telephoned.


     24. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted
in such manner as to be effective and valid  under  applicable  law,  but if any
provision  of this  Agreement  is  held to be  prohibited  by or  invalid  under
applicable  law,  such  provision  will be in effect  only to the extent of such
prohibition or invalidity,  without invalidating the remainder of such provision
or the remaining  provisions of this Agreement.  Alternatively,  the parties may
agree to amend this Agreement to bring it into conformity with applicable laws.


     25. This Agreement embodies  the  entire understanding  of the parties with
respect  to  the  subject  matter  hereof, and  there  are no  further or  other
agreements or understandings,   written  or  oral, in effect between the parties
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.


     26. This Agreement may  be executed  by  the  parties  hereto  in  separate
counterparts,  each of which when so executed  shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.



                    End of Page - Next Page is Signature Page



<PAGE>

                   SIGNATURE PAGE FOR LOAN SERVICING AGREEMENT


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,  as of the date
first written above.


                                            SERVICER:   HomeGold, Inc.


                                            By: /s/ Forrest E. Ferrell
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Forrest E. Ferrell, CEO



                                            CUSTOMER:   EMMCO, LLC

                                            By: /s/ Ronald J. Sheppard
                                                -------------------------------
                                                Ronald J. Sheppard, CEO



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                           RESIDENTIAL LOAN SERVICING

Residential  and  commercial  loan  servicing  to be  provided  pursuant to this
Agreement  shall  include,  but not  necessarily  be limited  to, the  following
specific services:

1.       Collect all sums due and payable from borrowers under the terms of each
         loan;

2.       Deposit all payments,  including late charges and other ancillary fees,
         made by a borrower pursuant to the terms of a loan;

3.       Remittance to the Customer of principal and interest  payments on loans
         collected.  Each  remittance  should be net of all fees due pursuant to
         Exhibit B of this Agreement;

4.       Reconcile  account  balances for any accounts  established  pursuant to
         this Agreement;

5.       As used  in this  Agreement,  the  term  "Escrow  Payments"  means  all
         payments  for  whatever  purpose  except  for  principal  and  interest
         payments, late charges or other ancillary fees required by the terms of
         each loan or  otherwise  to be made under the terms of the  loans.  The
         Servicer  shall apply  amounts  received by it that are  applicable  to
         Escrow  Payments  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of each  loan,  any
         applicable  contract of insurance,  and any relevant service agreements
         including  this  Agreement.  The Servicer  shall keep funds received as
         Escrow Payments in its possession segregated from its general corporate
         funds pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;

6.       Take all reasonable and necessary  steps to cause any premises  secured
         by a  mortgage  securing  a loan or a  mortgage  or any other  security
         interest or agreement  securing a loan to be kept insured  against loss
         or damage by fire or other hazards and for such amounts required by any
         servicing agreements in effect;

7.       Maintain a detailed  record of each loan and  collection  thereon.  The
         Customer or its authorized  representative  may examine such records at
         such  time or  times  as it may  elect  during  the  Servicer's  normal
         business  hours.  Additionally,  the Servicer shall maintain  copies of
         appraisals, credit reports and other materials assessing and monitoring
         the continuing credit worthiness of the borrower;

8.       Take all  reasonable  and  necessary  steps to comply with and use best
         efforts to cause the  Customer  to comply  with any and all  applicable
         federal and state statutes or regulations or private mortgage insurance
         company requirements while servicing all loans pursuant to the terms of
         this Agreement;

9.       The  Servicer  shall enter all new loans and  information  which may be
         required  from time to time onto the data  processing  software used by
         the Servicer to service loans for the Customer;

10.      The Servicer  shall,  upon receipt of  instructions  from the Customer,
         cause  to be  recorded  in the  applicable  county  offices  individual
         assignments of mortgages from the Servicer to the Customer;

11.      The Servicer  shall,  upon receipt of  instructions  from the Customer,
         cause  to  be  recorded  in  the  applicable  county  offices  mortgage
         instruments  in the name of the  Customer  securing  loans owned by the
         Customer;

12.      The Servicer shall not  subcontract  the  obligations set forth in this
         Exhibit A without Customer approval;

13.      The Servicer  shall  ensure the  maintenance  of  perfected  collateral
         positions  securing  loans  serviced  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the
         Agreement; and


<PAGE>

14.      The Servicer shall receive fees from the Customer as consideration  for
         the  performance of services  pursuant to the terms of the Agreement in
         accordance with Exhibit B annexed hereto.





<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B


                          SCHEDULE OF FEES FOR SERVICES

                     PERFORMED PURSUANT TO SERVICE AGREEMENT

For consideration of services provided by the Servicer on behalf of the Customer
pursuant to the terms and  conditions of the  Agreement,  the Customer shall pay
the Servicer the following fees:

     Residential  Mortgage  Loan  Servicing  as set  forth in  Exhibit  A of the
     Agreement:

     The servicing fee rate shall be .50% per annum.  The monthly  servicing fee
     shall be  one-twelfth  (1/12) of the product of the  servicing fee rate and
     the principal balance of residential mortgage loans funded during the month
     plus  one-twelfth  (1/12) of the product of the  servicing fee rate and the
     outstanding  principal balance at the end of the month that is greater than
     the  principal  balance of  residential  mortgage  loans funded  during the
     month.

     The Servicer  shall be entitled to retain any ancillary  income.  Ancillary
     income  shall  include,  but not be  limited  to late  charges,  NSF  fees,
     satisfaction fees,  assumption and modification fees, interest on custodial
     accounts and any prepayment penalties.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
