<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>managementservagr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                          MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

         This  Management  Services  Agreement  dated  December 31,  2002,  (the
"Agreement")  between  HomeGold,  Inc. (the "Manager") and EMMCO, LLC, a limited
liability  company  organized under the laws of the state of South Carolina (the
"Customer").

         WHEREAS,  the Manager  desires to provide and the  Customer  desires to
receive certain  services (the  "Services")  including,  but not limited to, the
following:
                  (1) payroll/human resources services as described in Exhibit A
                      annexed  hereto;
                  (2) accounting  and other administrative services as described
                      in Exhibit B annexed hereto.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises,  covenants and
conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         Section 1. Services.  The Manager shall provide the Services  described
in Exhibits A through B annexed  hereto for the  Customer at the rates set forth
in  Exhibit C annexed  hereto.  The rates set forth in  Exhibit C  represent  an
arm's-length  price that the Manager would charge and the Customer  would pay an
independent third party for providing said Services.

         Section 2. Term. (a) This Agreement shall expire December 31, 2003 (the
"Initial Term"). Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall renew
annually  for the  following  calendar  year (the  "Renewal  Term")  unless  the
Customer or the Manager  notifies the other in writing within 60 days before the
expiration of the current term that the Agreement shall not be renewed.
         (b) The Manager may at its discretion deliver to the Customer a revised
Exhibit C  modifying  the rates set forth on  Exhibit C once per year  after the
Initial Term to reflect  changes in the actual costs incurred or estimated costs
to be incurred by the Manager in providing  the Services to the  Customer.  Such
revised Exhibit C shall be deemed accepted by the Customer unless within 30 days
of receipt of the revised Exhibit C the Customer  notifies Manager of its intent
to  terminate  this  Agreement  on a date 30 days  after  such  notification  of
termination is delivered.  Such revised  Exhibit C shall be substituted  for the
Exhibit C then in effect and shall become  effective  upon the date set forth in
such a revised Exhibit C.

         Section 3.  Changes  in  Services.  (a) The  Manager  and the  Customer
represent  that  Exhibits  A through B  contain  a  general  description  of the
Services  to be provided by the Manager to the  Customer.  In  performing  these
Services,  the scope of the work  undertaken  and the manner of its  performance
shall be substantially the same as for similar work performed by the Manager for
transactions on its own behalf, with such modifications as may be appropriate in
order to accomplish the purposes of this  Agreement.  The Manager shall give the
Customer  reasonable  notice of all  system  changes  affecting  the  Customer's
procedures as these changes pertain to the Services.
          (b)  If the  changes  referred  to in  paragraph  (a)  above  are  not
acceptable to the Customer,  the Customer may terminate this Agreement on thirty
(30) days' notice,  provided such notice is given within ten (10) days after the
Customer has received notice of such change.

         Section 4.  Furnishing of Data;  Costs.  (a) The Customer shall furnish
all data,  records and materials in the manner, at the place and within the time
limits  determined by the Manager to be necessary to perform the  Services.  The
Customer shall prepare all data submitted for processing  with  reasonable  care
and in a manner acceptable to the Manager.
         (b) The Customer  hereby agrees that any  additional  costs incurred by
the Manager  because data,  records or materials sent by or for the Customer are
not in the form required by this Agreement or are not received by the Manager in
accordance with the time schedule  established to permit the Manager to meet its
required delivery schedule, are the responsibility of the Customer.
         (c) The Manager shall not be responsible for errors  resulting from any
incorrect  data  submitted  for  processing  by the  Customer.  The Manager may,

<PAGE>

however, make minor corrections to the data if the original source documents are
in error or make other minor adjustments,  without charge,  unless the volume of
such items becomes  unreasonable  in the judgment of the Manager,  at which time
the Manager may notify the Customer of its intention to impose  charges for such
additional work at its then prevailing rates.

         Section 5. Regulatory Matters. (a) It is understood and agreed that the
performance of the Services is or might be subject to regulation and examination
by  authorized  representatives  of  appropriate  federal  or  state  regulatory
agencies, and that each party is and shall be authorized to submit or furnish to
any such regulatory  agency reports,  information,  assurances and other data as
may be required by, or  reasonably  requested of it, under  applicable  laws and
regulations,   including,  without  limitation,  any  appropriate  notifications
concerning  the  initiation  or  termination  of  this  Agreement  or any of the
Services provided to the Customer.
         (b) The Manager shall, with appropriate  charge,  promptly make any and
all  modifications to forms,  documents and reporting methods as may be required
to comply with any statutory, regulatory, or administrative rules or other legal
requirements.  The Manager,  subject to Customer providing  reasonable notice as
established  by Manager,  shall make and  implement any  modification  to forms,
documents  and  reporting  methods  required  in  response  to  such  statutory,
regulatory,  or administrative rules or other legal requirements by such time as
the modifications may be necessary.
         (c) After the end of each  calendar  month  that this  Agreement  is in
effect,  the Manager  shall invoice the Customer for all fees and charges due to
the Manager,  and the Customer shall pay each such invoice upon receipt thereof.
The rates set forth in Exhibit C are exclusive of all taxes, however designated,
imposed on any amount payable  hereunder for the Services or their  provision to
the Customer.  Any sales and use taxes,  however designated,  and if applicable,
shall be the responsibility of and shall be paid by the Customer.

         Section 6.  Liability.  (a) EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE  SPECIFICALLY  PROVIDED
HEREIN,  THE MANAGER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR  REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE SERVICES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,  IN FACT OR IN LAW,  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILTY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
         (b) The  liability  of the Manager to the  Customer for any loss due to
the  Manager's  performing,  or  failing  to  perform,  the  Services  shall  be
contingent upon the Customer's  compliance with its obligations herein and shall
be limited to those losses  sustained by the Customer  which are a direct result
of the Manager's gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided, however, that
the Manager's only liability to the Customer arising from any  interruptions in,
or delay or  unavailability  of, the  Services or any errors or omissions in the
Services  or any  loss of  data,  shall  be to  restore  any  Service  which  is
interrupted  or is delayed or becomes  unavailable,  as promptly  as  reasonably
practicable  and,  in the case of any error or  omission in a Service or loss of
data, to correct such error or omission or regenerate  any lost data;  provided,
further,  that the Manager shall not be obligated hereunder to correct any error
or omission in the  Services if it would not  ordinarily  correct  such error or
omission.  The Customer  shall retain  records  provided to it by the Manager to
permit reconstruction of data, records and materials provided by the Customer to
the Manager pursuant to this Agreement.
         (c) The Manager shall not be  responsible  or liable for its failure or
delay in  performance  of the Services when such failure or delay arises out of,
results  from,  or is caused by any act or  omission  of the  Customer or by any
event  beyond the control of the  Manager,  including,  but not limited to fire,
flood or other catastrophe,  legal acts of a public authority,  strikes,  riots,
failure of communications or power supply.
         (d)  Notwithstanding  anything  contained  herein to the contrary,  the
aggregate  amount of any money  damages  to which the  Customer  and any and all
other parties claiming by, through or under the Customer, may be entitled as the
result of any claim against the Manager  (regardless  of whether such claims are
based on contract, tort (including negligence and strict liability), warranty or
other legal or  equitable  grounds)  shall be limited to an amount  equal to the
lesser of (a) the actual amount of such losses, damages, injuries, claims, costs
or expenses or (b) the aggregate  annual  amount  payable by the Customer to the
Manager for the Service affected, as stated in Exhibit C.
         (e) The Manager shall not incur any liability or obligation  under this
Agreement by reason of any loss or damage to the Customer  caused by an error or
omission of the Manager  unless the Customer  shall have informed the Manager of
such error or omission within two business days after the discovery thereof. The
Customer agrees to use diligent efforts to reconstruct any lost data, records or
materials,  and if  appropriate,  to charge back to the  Customer's  depositors'
accounts and the  forwarding  banks'  accounts,  and to obtain  refunds from its
depositors'  forwarding  banks and  endorsers'  banks.  If the  Manager  carries

<PAGE>

insurance against the type of loss incurred, the Customer agrees to cooperate in
furnishing  proof  of loss in a form  satisfactory  to the  Manager's  insurance
company and to assist the Manager and its insurance company in settlement of the
claim.

         Section  7.  Events of  Default.  In the event of a breach of a party's
obligations under this Agreement (an "Event of Default"),  the other party shall
provide a written  notice of such Event of Default  and a demand that such Event
of Default be cured.  In the event the  breaching  party  fails in good faith to
cure such Event of Default within ten (10) days following receipt of such notice
and demand,  the  non-defaulting  party may terminate this Agreement and/or take
legal action to obtain  specific  performance,  injunctive  and other  equitable
relief  as well as any  other  remedies  as may be  available  at law or  equity
subject to the  limitations set forth in this  Agreement.  WITHOUT  LIMITING THE
GENERALITY  OF THE  FOREGOING,  IT IS HEREBY  AGREED  THAT IN NO EVENT  WILL THE
MANAGER BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES  WHICH THE CUSTOMER MAY INCUR OR  EXPERIENCE BY REASON OF
HAVING  ENTERED  INTO  OR  RELIED  ON THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ARISING  OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION  WITH  THE  SERVICES,  EVEN IF THE  MANAGER  HAS BEEN  ADVISED  OR IS
OTHERWISE  AWARE OF THE  POSSIBILITY  OF SUCH DAMAGES;  NOR SHALL THE MANAGER BE
LIABLE  FOR  ACTS  OF  GOD,  MACHINE  OR  COMPUTER   BREAKDOWN  OR  MALFUNCTION,
INTERRUPTION   OR  MALFUNCTION  OF   COMMUNICATIONS   OR  POWER  SUPPLY,   LABOR
DIFFICULTIES  OR ANY OTHER  SIMILAR  CAUSE OR  CATASTROPHE  BEYOND THE MANAGER'S
CONTROL.

         Section 8.  Relationship.  (a) In performing the Services,  the Manager
shall  be  deemed  to have an  independent  contractual  relationship  with  the
Customer.  Manager  shall  not be  deemed  to have  any  relationship  with  the
Customer's  customers by reason of this Agreement,  and in no event shall any of
the  Customer's  customers  be  considered  a third  party  beneficiary  of this
Agreement.  To the extent that third parties may make claims against the Manager
arising out of the Services,  the Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Manager  from and  against all loss,  liability,  claim,  action,  demand or
suits, including any claims for attorneys' fees arising therefrom.
         (b)  All  programs,  whether  standard  Manager  programs  or  programs
developed specifically for the Customer, files and documentation,  are and shall
remain  the  property  of  the  Manager,  unless  otherwise  specified  in  this
Agreement.  Upon termination of the Services, the Manager will make available to
the Customer all data contained in all master files and  transaction  files then
available  relevant  to the  Services.  Any  expense  incurred by the Manager in
providing  such  information  shall be paid for by the Customer at the Manager's
then prevailing rates.

         Section 9. Miscellaneous.
         (a)  Indemnification.  (i) The Customer  agrees to  indemnify  and hold
harmless the Manager against any loss,  liability,  claim, damage, suit or other
legal  action  which the  Manager  may  suffer or be liable for by reason of any
errors or omissions made or permitted to be made or caused to be made or omitted
by the Customer.
                  (ii) The Manager  agrees that it will  indemnify  the Customer
for any settlement  payments or any costs or damages that a court awards against
the Customer as a result of a claim that any software or computer  programs used
in  providing  the Services  infringed a patent,  copyright or other third party
intellectual  property right;  provided,  however, it is an express condition to
this Agreement to indemnify  Customer as set forth in this  paragraph,  that the
Customer  provide prompt written notice of such claim to the Manager and tenders
to the  Manager  or, at the  Manager's  request,  to the owner or vendor of such
software,  the defense and all related  settlement  negotiations;  and provided,
further that if any such claim arises from software  which the Manager  licenses
from a third  party,  the  Manager's  obligation  to  indemnify  the Customer is
limited to the amount such third party pays to the Manager  with respect to such
claim for the purpose of indemnifying the Customer.
         (b)  Assignment.  The Customer may not assign this Agreement nor any of
its rights or obligations  hereunder without the written consent of the Manager.
The Manager may assign this  Agreement,  or  subcontract  any one or more of the
services to be provided  under this  Agreement,  in whole or in part, and any of
its rights and obligations  (including,  without  limitation,  its obligation to

<PAGE>

provide the Services) to any affiliate of the Manager. Any such assignment shall
not act as a release  of  Manager  from  liability  for  performance  under this
Agreement.
         (c) Governing Law. This Agreement  shall be governed by,  construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of South Carolina.
         (d)   Confidentiality.   The  Manager   will  regard  and  preserve  as
confidential  all data of a  confidential  nature related to the business of the
Customer and provided by the Customer to the Manager.  The Manager will take the
same precautions to preserve such confidential  information as the Manager takes
with respect to its own confidential information.
         (e)  Waiver.  No  waiver  of any of the  terms  or  conditions  of this
Agreement  shall be effective or binding unless such waiver is in writing and is
signed by both of the  parties  hereto,  nor shall this  Agreement  be  changed,
modified,  discharged or terminated  other than in accordance with its terms, in
whole or in part, except by a writing signed by both parties.
         (f) Notices.  All communications and notices relating to this Agreement
are to be sent:

         If to the Manager:
              HomeGold, Inc.
              1021 Briargate Circle
              Columbia, SC  29201

              Attention: Karen A. Miller

         If to the Customer:
              EMMCO, LLC
              113 Reed Ave.
              Lexington, SC 29072

              Attention: Ronald J. Sheppard

or to such other  address as a party may designate to the other and such notices
shall be deemed duly given three (3) days after mailed or upon  delivery by hand
or upon receipt of confirmed answer back if telephoned.
         (g) Severability.  Whenever possible,  each provision of this Agreement
will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held to be  prohibited  by or
invalid  under  applicable  law,  such  provision  will be in effect only to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity,  without invalidating the remainder of
such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
         (h) Entire Agreement.  This Agreement embodies the entire understanding
of the parties  with  respect to the  subject  matter  hereof,  and there are no
further  or other  agreements  or  understandings,  written  or oral,  in effect
between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
         (i) Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto
in separate  counterparts,  each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be
an original and all of which taken  together  shall  constitute  but one and the
same Agreement.


                    End of Page - Next Page is Signature Page
<PAGE>

                SIGNATURE PAGE FOR MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,  as of the date
first written above.

                              MANAGER: HomeGold, Inc.



                              By:  /s/ Forrest Ferrell
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                   Forrest Ferrell, CEO

                              CUSTOMER: EMMCO, LLC


                              By:  /s/ Ronald J. Sheppard
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                   Ronald J. Sheppard, CEO


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                        PAYROLL/HUMAN RESOURCES SERVICES

Payroll  Services to be provided  pursuant to this Agreement shall include,  but
not necessarily be limited to, the following specific services:

         Provide the bi-weekly  processing of payroll,  including data entry and
         distribution of payroll checks,

         Provide the on-going processing and maintenance of employee benefits,

         Up-load and balance payroll related entries to general ledger,

         Provide all external and internal payroll and benefit  related  reports
         on behalf of the Customer as needed,

         Respond to any payroll,  benefits  and payroll tax related  notices and
         approved  inquiries  from  external entities,

         Maintain  employee  personnel  files to include  securing all necessary
         required documents for state and federal compliance.

         Process  all  employment  verifications,   including  governmental  and
         outside consumer agencies.

         Process all  unemployment  claims  including  attending appeal hearings
         with members of the Customer's management team.

         Counsel/partner  with Customer's managers and associates in all aspects
         of employee relations, e.g. counseling, policy interpretations, company
         initiated terminations of employment, etc.

         Draft  and  maintain  company  employee  relations  policies/procedures
         including employee handbooks,  employment  documents,  incentive plans,
         etc.

         Provide  internal and external human  resources  reporting on behalf of
         the Customer and support the Customer's legal/compliance functions.

         Investigate/process all internal/external employee relation charges.

         Function as liaison with  internal/external  legal  counsel on employee
         relation issues.

         The Manager shall receive fees from the Customer as  consideration  for
         the  performance  of  data  processing  and  item  processing  services
         pursuant to the terms of the  Agreement  in  accordance  with Exhibit C
         annexed hereto.


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B
                  ACCOUNTING AND OTHER ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES

Accounting services to be provided pursuant to this Agreement shall include, but
not necessarily be limited to, the following specific services:

         Maintain a set of records including a detailed general ledger of income
         and expense  items in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
         principles for the Customer,

         Prepare periodic financial statements as requested by the Customer,

         Conduct  all  actions  necessary  to  maintain  appropriate  accounting
         controls and maintain all appropriate  documentation of such accounting
         procedures and controls,

         Provide accounts payable services for the Customer, including the entry
         of expenses into general ledger and the preparation of checks,

         Provide all external reporting services on behalf of the Customer,

         Coordinate the filing of  federal and  state income  tax  returns  with
         external accountants,

         Prepare and file annual reports with appropriate state agencies

         The Manager shall receive fees from the Customer as  consideration  for
         the  performance of services  pursuant to the terms of the Agreement in
         accordance with Exhibit C annexed hereto.



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT C
                          SCHEDULE OF FEES FOR SERVICES
               PERFORMED PURSUANT TO MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

For  consideration of services provided by the Manager on behalf of the Customer
pursuant to the terms and  conditions of the  Agreement,  the Customer shall pay
the Manager the following fees:

Payroll/Human Resources  Services as set forth in Exhibit A of the Agreement:  A
         charge of $ 25,000.00 per month.

Accounting and Other  Administrative  Services  as set forth in Exhibit B of the
         Agreement: A charge of $ 40,000.00 per month.

Interest  due on  outstanding  balances  advanced  shall be at the Prime Rate as
published in the Wall Street  Journal from time to time,  calculated  on a daily
basis.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
