<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>voting-agr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VOTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                            HOMEGOLD FINANCIAL, INC.
                    VOTING AGREEMENT WITH RONALD J. SHEPPARD


         This VOTING AGREEMENT (this  "Agreement") is made and entered into this
31st day of  December,  2002 by and  among  HOMEGOLD  FINANCIAL,  INC.,  a South
Carolina   corporation   (the   "Company"),   and   Ronald  J.   Sheppard   (the
"Shareholder").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS,  the  Shareholder is the principal  shareholder of the Company
and owns  approximately  35% of the  outstanding  shares of Common  Stock of the
Company; and

         WHEREAS, the Company as sole shareholder of HomeGold,  Inc. ("HGI") has
been  requested by the  Shareholder to approve the sale of certain assets of the
retail mortgage loan division of HGI to an affiliate of the Shareholder pursuant
to the terms and conditions of that certain  Amended and Restated Asset Purchase
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Transaction"); and

         WHEREAS,  the  Company is willing to  approve  the  Transaction  on the
condition that the Shareholder agree to certain provisions respecting his Common
Stock as set forth herein;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual  covenants  herein
contained,  and as an inducement to the Company to approve the Transaction,  the
Shareholder agrees as follows:

                                   DEFINITIONS

         "Articles"  means the  Articles of  Incorporation  of the  Company,  as
amended,  filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of South Carolina,  on
the date of this Agreement.

         "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

         "Common  Stock" means the Common Stock,  $.001 par value per share,  of
the Company  and any other stock of the Company  entitled to vote along with the
Common Stock as a single class in the election of directors.

                                    ARTICLE I
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         1.1 Board  Composition.  The  Shareholder agrees to vote his  shares of
Common Stock for the size of the Board and the nominees as Directors recommended
by a majority of the then current members of the Board.

         1.2 Other Shareholder Votes.  The Shareholder agrees to vote his shares
of Common Stock on all matters presented  to the shareholders  of the Company as
recommended by a majority of the then current members of the Board.

         1.3. Termination of Voting Agreement dated May 9, 2000. The Shareholder
hereby  waives his rights under and agrees that the Voting  Agreement  among the
Company,  the  Shareholder,   John  M.  Sterling  and  Sterling  Family  Limited
Partnership  shall be  terminated  and have no further force or effect as of the
date hereof.

         1.4 Further  Assurances.  The Shareholder  shall vote all of his Common
Stock, shall execute and deliver such further documents, shall take such further
action,  and  shall  use his best  efforts  to cause the Board to vote in such a

<PAGE>

manner as may be  necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes and intent of
this Agreement.
                                   ARTICLE II
                               STOCK CERTIFICATES

         Stock  Certificates.  The Shareholder agrees that the stock certificate
or certificates  from time to time representing his shares of Common Stock shall
be registered in the individual  name of such Holder and shall bear, in addition
to any other legend required to be placed thereon, a legend in substantially the
following form:

"THIS  SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE VOTING  AGREEMENT  DATED DECEMBER
31,  2002,  AND ANY  AMENDMENTS  THERETO,  COPIES  OF  WHICH  ARE ON FILE AT THE
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE COMPANY. ANY ATTEMPTED SALE, PLEDGE, BEQUEST,  TRANSFER,
ASSIGNMENT OR ANY OTHER  DISPOSITION OR  ENCUMBRANCE OF THIS SECURITY  OTHERWISE
THAN AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY SAID AGREEMENT IS INVALID."

                                   ARTICLE III
                        TRANSFER RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS

          General  Restriction.  The Shareholder may not sell,  exchange,  give,
devise,  pledge,  encumber  or  otherwise  dispose  of,  either  voluntarily  or
involuntarily or by operation of law (including a transfer pursuant to equitable
distribution  proceedings),  any of the Common Stock,  or any rights or interest
related  thereto,  whether  now owned or  hereafter  acquired,  unless  (i) such
transfer will not jeopardize the net operating loss carry forward of the company
and (ii) the  transferee  shall have been  approved by the Board,  and until the
transferee has agreed, in a writing delivered to the Company, to be bound by all
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         4.1 Binding  Effect.  Subject to the  limitations on transfer set forth
herein,  this Agreement and all the provisions  hereof shall be binding upon and
shall  inure to the benefit of the  Shareholder  and his heirs,  successors  and
assigns.

         4.2  Termination.  This Agreement  shall  terminate and have no further
force or effect  upon the  earlier of (i) ten (10)  years from the date  hereof,
(ii) the  written  consent  of the  Company  and the  Shareholder,  or (iii) the
completion of any distribution requirements of the Operating Agreement of Emmco,
LLC to holders of non-voting units of economic interest and to holders preferred
capital interests.

         4.3 Governing Law. The interpretation,  validity and performance of the
terms of this  Agreement  shall be  governed  by the laws of the  State of South
Carolina,  regardless  of the law that  might be  applied  under  principles  of
conflicts of law.

         4.4  Notices.  All  communications  under  this  Agreement  shall be in
writing and (i) sent by facsimile  transmission  and by certified or  registered
mail,  return  receipt  requested,  courier or overnight  mail,  or (ii) sent by
certified or registered  mail,  return receipt  requested,  courier or overnight
mail,  (1) if to a Holder,  to such address as such Holder may have furnished to
the  other  parties  hereto in  writing  and (2) if to the  Company  then to the
following  address or such other address as the Company may provide to the other
parties hereto by notice given in compliance with the provisions of this Section
4.4.

                           HomeGold Financial, Inc.
                           1021 Briargate Circle
                           Columbia, South Carolina 29021
                           Attention:  Karen Miller



<PAGE>

Any written  communication  so  addressed,  sent by  facsimile  transmission  or
certified or registered  mail,  return receipt  requested,  courier or overnight
mail, shall be deemed to have been given when sent via facsimile or mailed.  All
other  written  communications  shall be deemed to have been given upon  receipt
thereof.

         4.5  Headings.  The  section  and  other  headings  contained  in  this
Agreement  are for  reference  purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

         4.6  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed and delivered in two
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of
which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement.

         4.7 Specific  Performance.  The parties hereto acknowledge that payment
of  monetary  damages may not be  sufficient  to  adequately  remedy a breach or
prospective breach of the terms and provisions of this Agreement and, therefore,
the parties hereto consent to the application of equitable remedies,  including,
without limitation, specific performance, to enforce the terms and provisions of
this Agreement.

         IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  and each of the  Shareholder  have
executed this Voting Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                 HOMEGOLD FINANCIAL, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Forrest Ferrell
                                     -------------------------------------
                                 Title:  CEO


                                 SHAREHOLDER:


6,072,370 Shares of Common Stock     /s/ Ronald J. Sheppard
                                 -----------------------------------------
                                 Ronald J. Sheppard (signature)



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
