<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>emmco-operatingagr.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMMCO OPERATING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
















                               OPERATING AGREEMENT

                                       OF

                                   EMMCO, LLC


                   A SOUTH CAROLINA LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY



                        EFFECTIVE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002

<PAGE>


         THIS  Operating  Agreement  is made and entered into by and between the
Members whose signatures appear on the signature page hereof.

                                    RECITALS:

         A. Filed articles of organization  for EMMCO, LLC with the Secretary of
State of South Carolina on December 31, 2002.

         B.  EMMCO,  LLC  acquired on December  31, 2002  certain  assets of the
retail mortgage origination division of HomeGold,  Inc. pursuant to the terms of
the Asset Purchase Agreement.

         C. The parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

         The following  terms used in this  Operating  Agreement  shall have the
following meanings (unless otherwise expressly provided herein);

         (a) the "Act" shall mean the South Carolina Limited  Liability  Company
Act of 1996.

         (b) "Articles of Organization"  shall mean the Articles of Organization
of EMMCO, LLC as filed with the Secretary of State of South Carolina as the same
may be amended from time to time.

         (c) "Asset  Purchase  Agreement"  shall mean that  certain  amended and
restated  asset purchase  agreement  dated December 31, 2002 between the Company
and HomeGold, Inc.

          (d) "Capital  Contribution" shall mean any contribution to the capital
of the Company in cash or property by a Member whenever made.

         (e)  "Code"   shall  mean  the   Internal   Revenue  Code  of  1986  or
corresponding provisions of subsequent superseding federal revenue laws.


                                       1
<PAGE>

         (f) "Common  Voting  Units"  shall mean those Units  initially  held by
Messrs. Sheppard and Banninger which have the rights described in Section 4.4(a)
of this Agreement.

         (g) "Company" shall refer to EMMCO, LLC.

         (h) "Distributable Cash" means all cash, revenues and funds received by
the  Company,  less the sum of the  following to the extent paid or set aside by
the Company:  (i) all principal  and interest  payments on  indebtedness  of the
Company and all other sums paid to lenders;  (ii) all cash expenditures incurred
incident to the normal operation of the Company's business;  (iii) such Reserves
as the  Managers  deem  reasonably  necessary  to the  proper  operation  of the
Company's  business.  Distributable  Cash shall not be  reduced  by accrued  but
unpaid dividends on Preferred Capital Units.

         (i) "Entity" shall mean any general  partnership,  limited partnership,
limited liability company,  corporation,  joint venture,  trust, business trust,
cooperative   or   association   or  any  foreign  trust  or  foreign   business
organization.

         (j) "Fiscal Year" shall mean the Company's  fiscal year, which shall be
the calendar year.

         (k)  "Majority  in Interest of the  Members"  shall mean those  Members
holding more than 50% of the issued and outstanding Units having a right to vote
their Units on all matters affecting the Company.

         (l)  "Manager"  shall  mean  one or more  managers.  References  to the
Manager in the singular or as him,  her, it,  itself,  or other like  references
shall also,  where the context so  requires,  be deemed to include the plural or
the masculine or feminine reference, as the case may be.

         (m) "Member"  shall mean each of the parties who executes a counterpart
of  this  Operating  Agreement  as a  Member  and  each of the  parties  who may
hereafter  become  Members.  To the extent a Manager  has  purchased  Membership
Interests in the  Company,  he will have all the rights of a Member with respect
to such Membership Interests, and the term "Member" as used herein shall include
a Manager  to the  extent he has  purchased  such  Membership  Interests  in the
Company.  If a Person is a Member  immediately  prior to the  purchase  or other
acquisition by such Person of Non-Voting Units of Economic Interest, such Person


                                       2
<PAGE>

shall  have all the  rights  of a  Member  with  respect  to such  purchased  or
otherwise acquired Membership Interest or Non-Voting Units of Economic Interest,
as the case may be.

         (n) "Membership  Interest" shall mean a Member's entire interest in the
Company  including  such  Member's  Common  Voting  Units,  Non-Voting  Units of
Economic Interest,  Preferred Capital Units and such other rights and privileges
that the Member may enjoy by being a Member.

         (o) "Non-Voting  Units of Economic  Interest" shall mean those Units of
Economic  Interest  initially  held by  HomeGold,  Inc.  which  have the  rights
described in Section 4.4(b) of this Agreement.

         (p   "Operating  Agreement"   shall  mean this  Operating  Agreement as
originally executed and as amended from time to time.

         (q)  "Person"  shall  mean any  individual  or  Entity,  and the heirs,
executors,  administrators,  legal representatives,  successors,  and assigns of
such "Person" where the context so permits.

         (r) "Preferred  Capital Units" shall mean those Units initially held by
HomeGold,  Inc.  which  have the  rights  described  in  Section  4.4(c) of this
Agreement.

         (s) "Reserves" shall mean, with respect to any fiscal period, funds set
aside or  amounts  allocated  during  such  period to  reserves  which  shall be
maintained in amounts  reasonably  deemed sufficient by the Managers for working
capital  and to pay taxes,  insurance,  debt  service or other costs or expenses
incident to the ownership or operation of the Company's business.

         (t) "Treasury Regulations" shall include proposed,  temporary and final
regulations  promulgated  under the Code in effect as of the date of filing  the
Articles of  Organization  and the  corresponding  sections  of any  regulations
subsequently issued that amend or supersede such regulations.


                                       3
<PAGE>

         (u) "Unit" or "Membership  Unit" shall mean an economic interest in the
capital,  distributions,  profits  and losses of the  Company as set  further in
Articles IV, VIII and IX.

                                   ARTICLE II

                              FORMATION OF COMPANY

         2.1  Formation.  On December  31, 2002 the Company was  organized  as a
South Carolina Limited Liability Company by executing and delivering articles of
organization  to the South  Carolina  Secretary of State in accordance  with and
pursuant to the Act.

         2.2      Name.  The name of the Company is EMMCO, LLC.

         2.3 Principal Place of Business. The principal place of business of the
company within the State of South Carolina shall be 113 Reed Avenue,  Lexington,
S.C. 29072. The Company may locate its places of business and registered  office
at any other place or places as the  Manager or  Managers  may from time to time
deem advisable.

         2.4  Registered  Office and  Registered  Agent.  The Company's  initial
registered  office  shall  be at  the  office  of  its  registered  agent  at CT
Corporation System, 75 Beattie Place,  Greenville,  SC 29601 and the name of its
initial  registered agent shall be CT Corporation  System. The registered office
and  registered  agent may be changed from time to time by filing the address of
the new registered  office and/or the name of the new registered  agent with the
South Carolina Secretary of State pursuant to the Act.

         2.5 Term.  The term of the  Company  shall be until  December  31, 2050
unless terminated sooner in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE III

                               BUSINESS OF COMPANY

         3.1      Permitted Businesses.  The business of the Company shall be:


                                       4
<PAGE>

         (a) To acquire,  own and operate  certain assets of the retail mortgage
origination  business  of  HomeGold,  Inc.  and to engage  in any  other  lawful
business whatsoever which shall at any time appear conducive to or expedient for
the protection or benefit of the Company and its assets.

         (b) To exercise all other powers  necessary to or reasonably  connected
with the Company's  business that may be legally  exercised by limited liability
companies under the Act.

         (c) To engage in all activities necessary,  customary,  convenient,  or
incident to any of the foregoing.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF MEMBERS;
                               OWNERSHIP INTERESTS

         4.1      Name and Address.  The name  and address of the Members are as
follows:

         NAME                                                 ADDRESS

Ronald J. Sheppard                                   113 Reed Avenue
                                                     Lexington, SC 29072

Paul Banninger                                       113 Reed Avenue
                                                     Lexington, SC 29072

HomeGold, Inc.                                       2340 Broad River Road
                                                     Columbia, SC 29210

         4.2  Units. The Company  shall be  authorized  to issue  10,000  Common
Voting Units of ownership  interest  ("Common Voting Units"),  10,000 Non-Voting
Units of Economic Interest and 35,000,000 8% Cumulative Preferred Capital Units,
$1.00 per Unit, ("Preferred Capital Units"). The Company shall not be authorized
to issue additional Units without the consent of all Members.


                                       5
<PAGE>

         4.3  Ownership of Units.  Units  of  ownership  interest  are  owned as
follows:

      NAME                                   NUMBER OF UNITS AND NATURE OF
      ----                                   -----------------------------
                                                   ECONOMIC INTRESTS
                                                   -----------------

Ronald J. Sheppard                          9,000 Common Voting Units

Paul Banninger                              1,000 Common Voting Units

HomeGold, Inc.                              10,000 Non-Voting Units of Economic
                                            Interest

HomeGold, Inc.                              35,000,000 Preferred Capital Units

         4.4   Description of Units. The Units  shall have  the following rights
and preferences.

         (a)  Common  Voting  Units  shall  have the  sole  right to vote on all
matters requiring the approval,  action or consent of the Members of the Company
except as to those matters set forth in subparagraphs (b) and(c) of this section
4.4.  Holders of Common Voting Units shall be entitled to receive  distributions
as set forth in Article IX.

         (b)  Non-Voting  Units  of  Economic  Interest  shall  be  entitled  to
distributions as set forth  in  Article  IX.  Within forty-five  (45) days after
March 31, 2003, and each calendar quarter thereafter, the Company will submit to
the holders of Non-Voting Units of Economic Interest a profit and loss statement
of the Company  and  a  calculation of the  distribution to Unit holders for the
previous  quarter  prepared  by  the  Company's  independent  certified   public
accounting  firm.   At  such  time  the  Company  shall  make  payment  of   the
distribution  in the form of wire transfer  of  immediately  available  funds as
shown on such calculation. The quarterly distributions calculated as provided in
this  subparagraph (b) to section 4.4 shall continue until the aggregate of such
payments to the holders  of  Non-Voting  Units of Economic  Interest shall equal
$170 million or until there is a sale of the Company or its assets. In the event

                                       6
<PAGE>

of a sale of substantially  all  the  assets the Company, 50% of the proceeds of
such sale after redemption of the Preferred  Capital Units shall be  distributed
to the holders of Non-Voting Units of  Economic  Interest  or paid by the  buyer
directly  to such  holders; provided,  however,  that  the  sum of the aggregate
quarterly distributions and the payment of sales  proceeds to such holders shall
not exceed $170 million.

         The  Company  will  permit  an  annual  audit  to  be  performed  by an
independent  auditor  engaged by the  holders of  Non-Voting  Units of  Economic
Interest to verify the profit and loss of the Company for the preceding calendar
year and the calculation of Distributable  Cash for the preceding calendar year.
Representatives of such holders may review all work papers of the Company and of
accountants  of the Company  prepared in connection  with the  determination  of
profit and loss and  Distributable  Cash for the  preceding  calendar  year.  If
Seller disputes Purchaser's  determination of profit and loss or the calculation
of Distributable  Cash for the preceding  calendar year,  Seller shall so notify
Purchaser   in  writing   not  more  than  45  days  after  the  date  on  which
representatives of such holders complete their review of such work papers of the
Company and the  Company's  accountants,  and in such notice such holders  shall
state any points of disagreement.  Failure of such holders to deliver the notice
within  such  45-day   period  shall  mean   conclusively   that  the  Company's
determination of profit and loss and calculation of Distributable  Cash has been
accepted by such holders.

         Upon receipt by the Company of a notice  referred to  hereinabove,  the
Company shall  promptly  consult with such holders with respect to any points of
disagreement  in an effort to resolve the dispute and reach agreement in writing
as to profit and loss and Distributable Cash for the preceding calendar year. If
such  dispute is not  resolved by the Company  and such  holders  within 15 days
after the Company  receives such notice,  it will be resolved by  arbitration in
Greenville, South Carolina before a single arbitrator under the Commercial Rules
of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association. The fees and expenses of
arbitration  shall be  allocated  between the  Company  and such  holders by the
arbitrator in proportion  based on the extent that either party does not prevail
on items in dispute.  The decision of the arbitrator shall be final,  conclusive
and  binding  with  respect  to the  determination  of  profit  and loss and the

                                       7
<PAGE>

calculation  of  Distributable  Cash  for the  preceding  calendar  year and the
allocation of fees and  expenses,  and the decision of the  arbitrator  shall be
enforceable as an arbitration award by a court of competent jurisdiction.

         4.4(c)  After  distributions  to the  holders  of  Non-Voting  Units of
Economic  Interest shall be equal to $170 million,  the  distributions  formerly
applicable to the Non-Voting Units of Economic Interest shall apply to Preferred
Capital  Units until the holders of Preferred  Capital Units shall have received
$35 million together with accrued dividends thereon. The Preferred Capital Units
shall with respect to distributions upon liquidation rank senior to all Units of
the Company.  The  Preferred  Capital Units shall accrue  dividends,  compounded
annually at the rate per annum of eight  percent  (8%) of the $1.00 stated value
of such Preferred  Capital Units.  Such dividends  shall be cumulative  from the
date that the  Preferred  Capital  Units are first  issued by the  Company  (the
"Issue Date"). The holders of the issued and outstanding Preferred Capital Units
shall be  entitled  to  receive  for each  Preferred  Capital  Unit,  before any
liquidating  distribution  of the  assets  of the  Company  shall be made to the
holders of any other  Units,  an amount  equal to the stated  value of $1.00 for
each such Preferred  Capital Unit plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid
dividends  attributable  thereto from the Issue Date to the date of liquidation.
If, upon such liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the assets of the Company
that are  distributable,  as aforesaid,  among the holders of Preferred  Capital
Units shall be  insufficient  to permit the payment to them of said amount,  the
entire  assets shall be  distributed  ratably among the holders of the Preferred
Capital  Units.  A  consolidation  or  merger  of the  Company,  a sale,  lease,
exchange,  or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company's assets as an
entirety,  or any purchase or  redemption  of Common Units of the Company of any
class,  shall be regarded as a "liquidation,  dissolution,  or winding-up of the
affairs of the Company."  The Company may redeem the Preferred  Capital Units at
any time by payment of $1.00 for each  Preferred  Capital  Unit plus all accrued
and unpaid  dividends  attributable  thereto  from the Issue Date to the date of
redemption.

         The holders of Preferred  Capital Units,  except as otherwise set forth
in this  section,  shall not be  entitled  or  permitted  to vote on any  matter
required  or  permitted  to be voted upon by the  Members.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, the approval of a majority of the holders of Preferred Capital Units,
voting as a class, shall be required with respect to the following:

                                       8
<PAGE>

                        (i) The  creation or issuance of Units with rights equal
         to or superior to the Preferred Capital Units;

                       (ii) Any action that could (1) materially alter or change
         the rights,  preferences or privileges of the Preferred  Capital Units;
         or (2) increase the  authorized  number of shares of Preferred  Capital
         Units; and

                      (iii) A consolidation  or merger of the Company or a sale,
         lease,  exchange,  or  transfer  of  all  or  substantially  all of the
         Company's.


                                    ARTICLE V

                     RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF MANAGERS; OFFICERS

         5.1  Management.  The  business  and  affairs of the  Company  shall be
managed by its  Manager.  The  Manager  shall  direct,  manage and  control  the
business of the Company to the best of his  ability.  Except for  situations  in
which the  approval  of the  members is  expressly  required  by this  Operating
Agreement or by  non-waivable  provisions of  applicable  law, the Manager shall
have full and complete authority, power and discretion to manage and control the
business, affairs and properties of the Company, to make all decisions regarding
those matters and to perform any and all other acts or  activities  customary or
incident to the management of the Company's  business subject to the limitations
set forth in 5.3 below.

         5.2 Number, Tenure and Qualifications. The Company shall initially have
one Manager,  Ronald J. Sheppard. The number of Managers of the Company shall be
fixed from time to time by a  majority  in  interest  of the  Members  but in no
instance  shall there be less than one Manager.  Each Manager  shall hold office
until his  successor  shall have been  elected and  qualified.  A Manager may be
removed and  replaced  at any time by a majority  in  interest  of the  Members.
Managers  shall be elected by a majority in interest  of the  Members.  Managers
need not be residents of the State of South Carolina or Members of the Company.

                                       9
<PAGE>

         5.3      Certain Limitations on the Authority of the Manager.

         (a) Notwithstanding  anything else in this Agreement,  the authority of
the Manager(s) to act on behalf of the Company shall be subject to the following
limitations:

                  (i) The Manager(s)  shall have no authority to sell or dispose
                  of substantially  all of the assets of the Company without the
                  consent of a majority  in  interest  of the  holders of Common
                  Voting Units and  Preferred  Capital  Units voting as separate
                  classes;  provided that after December 31, 2017, Common Voting
                  Units  and  Preferred  Capital  Units  shall  vote as a single
                  class;

                  (ii) The Manager(s) shall have no authority to take any
                  action which would make it impossible to carry on the ordinary
                  business of the Company without the consent of the Members.

         (b) Unless  authorized to do so by this  Operating  Agreement or by the
Managers of the  Company,  no  attorney-in-fact,  employee or other agent of the
Company  shall have any power or  authority  to bind the  Company in any way, to
pledge its credit or to render it liable pecuniarily for any purpose.  No Member
shall have any power or authority to bind the Company unless the Member has been
authorized by the Managers to act as an agent of the Company in accordance  with
the previous sentence.

         5.4 Liability  for Certain Acts.  Each Manager shall perform his duties
as Manager in good faith,  in a manner he reasonably  believes to be in the best
interests of the Company,  and with such care as an ordinarily prudent person in
a like position would use under similar circumstances. A Manager who so performs
the duties as Manager  shall not have any liability by reason of being or having
been a Manager of the Company.  The Manager does not, in any way,  guarantee the
return of the Members'  Capital  Contributions  or a profit for the Members from
the operations of the Company. The Manager shall not be liable to the Company or
to any Member for any loss or damage  sustained  by the  Company or any  Member,

                                       10
<PAGE>

unless the loss or damage  shall have been the  result of fraud,  deceit,  gross
negligence, willful misconduct, breach of this Agreement or a wrongful taking by
the Manager.

         5.5 Managers and Members Have No Exclusive Duty to Company.  Subject to
Section 6.8 below,  a Manager shall not be required to manage the Company as his
sole and  exclusive  function  and he (and any Manager  and/or  Member) may have
other business interests and may engage in other activities in addition to those
relating  to the  Company;  provided  that a Manager  may not have a  managerial
position in another  business  and the  operation  of the  Company  shall be the
principal  business  activity of a Manager.  Subject to Section 6.8, neither the
Company  nor any  Member  shall  have any  right,  by virtue  of this  Operating
Agreement,  to share or participate  in such other  investments or activities of
the  Manager  and/or  Member or to the  income or  proceeds  derived  therefrom.
Neither the Manager nor any Member  shall incur any  liability to the Company or
to any of the Members as a result of engaging in any other business or venture.

         5.6 Bank  Accounts.  The  Managers  may  from  time to time  open  bank
accounts  in the  name  of the  Company,  and the  Managers  shall  be the  sole
signatory thereon, unless the Managers determine otherwise.

         5.7 Indemnity of the Managers,  Employees and Other Agents. The Company
shall  indemnify  the  Managers  and make  advances  for expenses to the maximum
extent  permitted  under the Act. The Company shall  indemnify its employees and
other  agents who are not  managers  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,
provided  that such  indemnification  in any given  situation  is  approved by a
majority in interest of the Members.

         5.8  Resignation.  Any Manager of the Company may resign at any time by
giving  written  notice to a majority in interest of the Members of the Company.
The  resignation of any Manager shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof
or at such  later  time as  shall  be  specified  in such  notice;  and,  unless
otherwise  specified  therein,  the acceptance of such resignation  shall not be
necessary  to make it  effective.  The  resignation  of a Manager  who is also a
Member  shall  not  affect  the  Manager's  rights  as a Member  and  shall  not

                                       11
<PAGE>

constitute  a  withdrawal  of  a  Member.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
Operating Manager shall be obligated to continue to serve for the term set forth
in his Employment Agreement.

         5.9 Removal. At a meeting called expressly for that purpose, all or any
lesser number of Managers may be removed at any time,  with or without cause, by
a majority in interest  of the  Members.  The removal of a Manager who is also a
Member  shall  not  affect  the  Manager's  rights  as a Member  and  shall  not
constitute a withdrawal of a Member.

         5.10 Vacancies.  Any vacancy  occurring for any reason in the number of
Managers of the Company may be filled by a majority in interest of the  Members.
Any  Manager's  position  to be filled by reason of an increase in the number of
Managers shall be filled by a majority in interest of the Members.

         5.11 Compensation. The compensation of the Managers shall be fixed from
time to time by an  affirmative  vote of a majority in interest of the  Members,
and no Manager shall be prevented  from  receiving  such salary by reason of the
fact that he is also a Member of the Company.

         5.12  Officers.  The  Managers  shall  have the  authority  to  appoint
officers of the Company who shall have such duties and authority as the Managers
shall  delegate  from  their  own  authority.  Ronald J.  Sheppard  shall be the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Paul Banninger shall be the
President  of the  Company.  The  officers  shall  serve at the  pleasure of the
Managers.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                        RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF MEMBERS

         6.1  Limitation of Liability. Each Member's liability shall be  limited
as set  forth  in this Operating Agreement, the Act and other applicable law.

         6.2  Company  Debt  Liability. A Member will not be  personally  liable
for any debts or losses of the Company beyond any obligation of the Member under
Section 8.1 to make Capital Contributions.

                                       12
<PAGE>

         6.3 List of Members.  Upon written  request of any Member,  the Manager
shall provide a list showing the names,  addresses and Membership  Interests and
Units of all Members and Unit Holders.

         6.4  Approval  of Sale of All  Assets.  A majority  in  interest of the
holders of Common Voting Units and the holders of Preferred Capital Units voting
as separate classes shall have the right to approve the sale,  exchange or other
disposition of all, or substantially all, of the Company's assets (other than in
the ordinary  course of the Company's  business)  which is to occur as part of a
single transaction or plan.

         6.5 Company Books. In accordance with Section 9.7 herein,  the Managers
shall  maintain  and  preserve,  during  the  term  of the  Company,  and  for a
reasonable time  thereafter,  all accounts,  books,  and other relevant  Company
documents. Upon reasonable request no more than once each calendar quarter, each
Member and Unit Holder shall have the right,  during ordinary business hours, to
inspect and copy such  Company  documents  at the  requesting  Member's and Unit
Holder's expense.

         6.6 Priority and Return of Capital. Except as may be expressly provided
in Articled IV, VIII and IX, no Member or Unit Holder shall have  priority  over
any  other  Member  or  Unit  Holder,   either  as  to  the  return  of  Capital
Contributions or as to Net Profits,  Net Losses or distributions;  provided that
this  Section  shall  not  apply  to  loans  (as   distinguished   from  Capital
Contributions) which a Member has made to the Company.

         6.7 Amendment of Operating  Agreement. Except as otherwise  provided in
Article IV, this Operating Agreement  may  only  be  amended  by  a  majority in
interest of the  Members, provided  that no amendment shall  affect  adversely a
Member's  economic  rights  as an equity  owner or reduce a Member's  percentage
ownership without such Member's consent.

         6.8 Non-Competition and Confidentiality  Covenants.  Ronald J. Sheppard
agrees  that so long as he is a  Member  of the  Company,  and for a  period  of
twenty-four months after he ceases to have an ownership interest in the Company,
he will not, nor will any affiliate of such Member, compete with the Company, or

                                       13
<PAGE>

solicit  the  Company's  customers  or  employees,  or  disclose  or divulge any
confidential information about the Company. For the purposes of this Section:

                  (i) the term  "compete"  means  engaging  in the  business  of
                  originating   real  estate   mortgage   loans  in  any  manner
                  whatsoever  (other  than as a  passive  investor),  including,
                  without  limitation,  as  a  proprietor,   partner,  investor,
                  member, director, officer, employee,  consultant,  independent
                  contractor, or otherwise, within the United States;

                  (ii) the term "affiliate" means any legal entity that directly
                  or indirectly through one or more intermediaries  controls, is
                  controlled by, or is under common control with the Member;

                  (iii)  the term  "customers"  means  all  persons  to whom the
                  Company or any of its  affiliates  has made loans,  during the
                  period such Member was a Member of the Company; and

                  (iv) the term  "confidential  information"  means flow charts,
                  file  layouts,   source  code  listings,   computer  programs,
                  customer   information,    financial   information,    product
                  information and all other know-how and trade secrets developed
                  by and belonging to the Company or any of its affiliates which
                  gives  the  Company  a   competitive   advantage   over  other
                  businesses in the same fields of endeavor; and

                  (v) Upon breach of any of these covenants,  the Company and/or
                  any Member shall have the right to seek  monetary  damages for
                  any past  breach  and  equitable  relief,  including  specific
                  performance  by means of an  injunction to prevent any further
                  breach.

         6.9 Waiver of  Enforcement.  The  holders of a majority  in interest of
Preferred Capital Units may waive enforcement of or release a Member from all or
any portion of the restrictions contained in this Article VI.

                                       14
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                               MEETINGS OF MEMBERS

         7.1 Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of the Members shall be held at
the  discretion  of the  Managers  for the  purpose of the  transaction  of such
business as may come before the meeting. All members shall be entitled to notice
of, and the privilege of attending,  the annual  meeting.  Except as provided in
Article IV only  holders of Common  Voting  Units  shall be  entitled to vote at
annual meetings.

         7.2 Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Members, for any purpose
or  purposes,  unless  otherwise  prescribed  by  statute,  may be called by any
Manager or by  Members  holding at least 20% of the  Common  Voting  Units.  All
members  shall be entitled to notice of, and the  privilege  of  attending,  the
special meetings. Except as provided in Article IV only holders of Common Voting
Units shall be entitled to vote at annual meetings.


         7.3 Place of  Meetings.  A majority  in  interest  of the  Members  may
designate any place, either within or outside the State of South Carolina as the
place of meeting for any meeting of the Members.  If no  designation is made, or
if a special  meeting be  otherwise  called,  the place of meeting  shall be the
principal executive office of the Company in the State of South Carolina.

         7.4 Notice of  Meetings.  Except as  provided in Section  7.5,  written
notice  stating  the  place,  day and hour of the  meeting  and the  purpose  or
purposes for which the meeting is called  shall be  delivered  not less than ten
nor more than fifty days before the date of the meeting, either personally or by
mail, by or at the direction of the Managers or person  calling the meeting,  to
each  Member  of the  Company.  If  mailed,  such  notice  shall be deemed to be
delivered  two calendar  days after being  deposited in the United  States mail,
addressed  to the  Member  at its  address  as it  appears  on the  books of the
Company, with postage thereon prepaid.

         7.5  Manner  of  Acting.  The  affirmative  vote of  Members  holding a
majority of Common Units shall be the act of the  Members,  unless the vote of a
greater  or lesser  proportion  or number,  or the vote of the  holders of other
Units, is otherwise required by the Act, by the Articles of Organization,  or by
this Operating Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein or required
under  applicable law,  Members who have an interest  (economic or otherwise) in

                                       15
<PAGE>

the outcome of any particular matter upon which the Members vote or consent, may
vote or  consent  upon any such  matter  and  their  Capital  Interest,  vote or
consent,  as the case may be, shall be counted in the  determination  of whether
the requisite matter was approved by the Members.

         7.6 Proxies.  At all meetings of Members a Member may vote in person or
by  proxy   executed  in  writing  by  the  Member  or  by  a  duly   authorized
attorney-in-fact.  Such proxy  shall be filed with the  Managers  of the Company
before  or at the time of the  meeting.  No proxy  shall be valid  after  eleven
months from the date of its execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

         7.7 Action by Members  Without a Meeting.  Action required or permitted
to be taken at a meeting of Members may be taken without a meeting if the action
is evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action taken, signed
by the  necessary  Members  required to approve such action and delivered to the
Managers  of the  Company  for  inclusion  in the minutes or for filing with the
Company  records.  Action taken under this Section is effective when the Members
required to approve  such action  have  signed the  consent,  unless the consent
specifies a different  effective date. The record date for  determining  Members
entitled to take  action  without a meeting  shall be the date the first  Member
signs a written consent.

         7.8 Waiver of Notice.  When any notice is  required  to be given to any
Member,  a waiver  thereof in  writing  signed by the  person  entitled  to such
notice,  whether  before,  at,  or  after  the  time  stated  therein,  shall be
equivalent to the giving of such notice.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                          CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE COMPANY

         8.1   Members'  Capital  Contributions.  Each Member  shall  contribute
such amount as is set forth in Exhibit A hereto as its Capital Contribution.  No
Member shall have any further  obligation to contribute  capital to the Company.

                                       16
<PAGE>

         8.2   Withdrawal or Reduction of Members' Contributions to Capital.

         (a) A Member shall not receive out of the  Company's  property any part
of its  Capital  Contribution  until  all  liabilities  of the  Company,  except
liabilities to Members on account of their Capital Contributions, have been paid
or there remains property of the Company sufficient to pay them.

         (b) A Member,  irrespective of the nature of its Capital  Contribution,
has  only the  right to  demand  and  receive  cash in  return  for its  Capital
Contribution.

                                   ARTICLE IX

          ALLOCATIONS, INCOME TAX, DISTRIBUTIONS, ELECTIONS AND REPORTS

         9.1 Allocations.  All net profits, net losses, credits,  deductions and
other items for income tax purposes shall be allocated among Common Unit Holders
in proportion to their ownership of Units; provided,  however, net profits shall
be allocated to the Holders of Non-Voting  Economic Interest Units to the extent
of cash distributions thereto. No such allocations shall be made with respect to
the holders of Preferred Capital Units, and no further allocations shall be made
with  respect to the Holders of  Non-Voting  Economic  Interest  Units once such
Holders have received distributions equal to $170 million.

         9.2  Distributions.  The  holders of Common  Units shall be entitled to
receive quarterly distributions, out of Distributable Cash as follows:

         (a) first, to the holders of Non-Voting Units of Economic Interest,  in
proportion to their  ownership of such Units,  the amount,  if any, by which the
total  annual  compensation  paid by the  Company to Ronald J.  Sheppard in such
calendar year exceeds one million ninety-four  thousand dollars  ($1,094,000.00)
subject to an annual  increase  after  2003 of up to 5 percent in each  calendar
year;

                                       17
<PAGE>

         (b) second,  to the holders of Common Voting Units and Non-Voting Units
of Economic Interest,  in proportion to their ownership of such Units;  provided
after  distributions  to the holders of  Non-Voting  Units of Economic  Interest
shall be equal to $170 million,  the  distributions  formerly  applicable to the
Non-Voting  Units of Economic  Interest  shall apply to Preferred  Capital Units
until the holders of  Preferred  Capital  Units shall have  received $35 million
together with accrued interest thereon.

         The holders of Non-Voting Units of Economic  Interest  acknowledge that
their interest in Distributable  Cash shall be charged with, and the Company may
withhold from,  their  quarterly  distributions,  an amount equal to Two Hundred
Thirty-four  Thousand  Eight  Hundred  Forty-nine  Dollars and  Sixty-six  cents
($234,849.66)  each quarter on a cumulative  basis, and distributed to Ronald J.
Sheppard;  said amount  represents the  amortization  of debt of R-DOC,  LLC, an
affiliate of the Company, to HomeGold,  Inc. in the original principal amount of
$8,444,679.71.

         9.3 Accounting Principles.  The profits and losses of the Company shall
be  determined in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles
applied on a consistent basis using the accrual method of accounting.

         9.4 Interest On and Return of Capital Contributions.  No Member or Unit
Holder shall be entitled to interest on its Capital Contribution or to return of
its Capital Contribution, except as otherwise specifically provided for herein.

         9.5 Loans to Company. Nothing in this Operating Agreement shall prevent
any Member from making  secured or  unsecured  loans to the Company by agreement
with the Company.

         9.6  Accounting Period. The  Company's  accounting period  shall be the
calendar year.

         9.7  Records,  Audits and Reports.  At the expense of the Company,  the
Manager shall maintain records and accounts of all operations  and  expenditures
of the  Company.  At a minimum  the Company shall keep at its principal place of
business the following records:

                                       18
<PAGE>

         (a) A current list of the full name and last known business, residence,
or mailing  address of each  Member,  Unit  Holder  and  Manager,  both past and
present;

         (b) A copy of the  Articles  of  Organization  of the  Company  and all
amendments  thereto,  together  with  executed  copies of any powers of attorney
pursuant to which any amendment has been executed;

         (c)  Copies of the  Company's  federal,  state,  and local  income  tax
returns and reports, if any, for the four most recent years;

         (d)  Copies of the  Company's  currently  effective  written  Operating
Agreement,  copies of any  writings  permitted  or  required  with  respect to a
Member's obligation to contribute cash, property or services,  and copies of any
financial statements of the Company for the three most recent years;

         (e) Minutes of every annual, special meeting and court-ordered meeting;

         (f) Any written  consents  obtained  from Members for actions  taken by
Members without a meeting.

         9.8  Returns and other Elections.

         (a) The Manager  shall cause the  preparation  and timely filing of all
tax returns  required  to be filed by the  Company  pursuant to the Code and all
other tax returns deemed  necessary and required in each  jurisdiction  in which
the Company does  business.  Copies of such  returns,  or pertinent  information
therefrom,  shall be furnished to the Members within a reasonable time after the
end of the Company's  fiscal year. The Manager shall also provide the holders of
Common Non-Voting Units the quarterly reports required by section 4.4(b).

         (b) In accordance with the provisions of Code Section  704(c),  income,
gain,  loss and  deductions  with  respect to any  property  contributed  to the
capital of the Company  shall,  solely for tax  purposes,  be  allocated  to the
Members so as to take account of any  variation  between the  adjusted  basis of
such  property  and the  fair  market  value at the  time of  contribution.  Any
elections or other decisions  relating to such allocations  shall be made by the
Manager in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention of this

                                       19
<PAGE>

Agreement.  Allocations  pursuant  to this  Section  are solely for  purposes of
income taxes and shall not affect distributions to Unit holders.


         9.9 Confidentiality. Each Member shall treat all information concerning
the Company's finances,  customers,  Members, property and all other information
concerning the Company's business as confidential and shall not divulge any such
information to any third party without the consent of the Managers.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                 TRANSFERABILITY

         10.1     General.  Without the prior written  consent  of a majority in
interest of the Members, no Member or  Non-member  Unit  Holder  shall  have the
right to:

         (a)  sell,  assign,  transfer,   exchange  or  otherwise  transfer  for
consideration, (collectively, "sell" or "sale"),

         (b) gift,  bequeath or otherwise transfer for no consideration  whether
or not by operation of law,  (collectively  "gift")all or any part of its Units.
Each  Member and Unit  Holder  hereby  acknowledges  the  reasonableness  of the
restrictions on sale and gift of Membership  Interests and Units imposed by this
Operating  Agreement in view of the Company purposes and the relationship of the
Members  and  Unit  Holders.  Accordingly,  the  restrictions  on sale  and gift
contained  herein shall be  specifically  enforceable.  No Member or Unit Holder
shall pledge or otherwise  encumber any of its  Membership  Interest or Units as
security for repayment of a liability  without the prior written  consent of the
Managers.

         10.2  Right of First  Refusal.  In the event  that a Member  desires to
sell, encumber or transfer any of his Units during such Member's lifetime,  such
Member shall give written notice thereof to the Company  specifying the identity
of the proposed  transferee  and the terms and purchase  price of such  proposed
transfer,  and the Company  shall have the option to  purchase  such Units for a

                                       20
<PAGE>

period  of 60 days  from its  receipt  of such  notice  for the  purchase  price
specified in such notice.

         If the Company  does not  exercise  its option to purchase  such Units,
then the Member  desiring  to sell shall offer it on the same price and terms to
the remaining Members, each of whom shall have the option to purchase such Units
for a period of 30 days from their  receipt of such  notice.  (In the event that
more than one of the remaining  Members wish to purchase such Units,  they shall
participate in such option in proportion to their ownership of Units.)

         If neither the Company nor any of the remaining Members exercises their
option to purchase such Units, then the Member who desires to sell his Units may
sell all,  but not less than all such  Units to a third  party on the same terms
and for the same price as were specified in a majority in interest of the notice
of the Company  pursuant to this item,  provided that if such sale does not take
place within 120 days of such Member's delivery of a majority in interest of the
notice to the Company,  as set forth above, then all such Units shall once again
be subject to the requirements of this Section 10.2.

         10.3     Transfer by HomeGold, Inc.

         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,  the Manager and
all Members hereby consent to the assignment by HomeGold,  Inc. of any or all of
its Units of ownership  interest to any of its  affiliates and all Members agree
that,  upon such  assignment  and  undertaking  to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement, such affiliate shall become a Member of the Company.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                        DEATH OR INCOMPETENCY OF A MEMBER

         If a  Member  who  is  an  individual  dies  or a  court  of  competent
jurisdiction  adjudges  him  to be  incompetent  to  manage  his  person  or his
property, the Member's executor, administrator,  guardian, conservator, or other
legal  representative may exercise all of the Member's rights for the purpose of
settling his estate or administering his property.


                                       21
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE XII

                           DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION

         12.1     Dissolution.

         The  Company  shall  be  dissolved  upon the  occurrence  of any of the
following events:

                  (i) when the  period  fixed for the  duration  of the  Company
                  shall expire pursuant to Section 2.5 hereof; or

                  (ii) upon the sale of all or  substantially  all of the assets
                  of the Company as an entirety;

                  (ii) by the written  agreement of the holders of a majority in
                  interest of each class of Units, voting as separate classes.

         Neither the death, retirement,  resignation,  expulsion,  bankruptcy or
dissolution of a Member nor  occurrence of any other event which  terminates the
continued  membership of a Member in the Company  shall cause a  dissolution  or
termination of the Company.

         12.2     Winding Up, Liquidation and Distribution of Assets.

         (a) Upon  dissolution,  an  accounting  shall be made by the  Company's
independent  accountants  of the  accounts of the  Company and of the  Company's
assets,  liabilities  and  operations,  from  the  date  of  the  last  previous
accounting  until the date of  dissolution.  The  Manager(s)  shall  immediately
proceed to wind up the affairs of the Company.

         (b) If the Company is dissolved and its affairs are to be wound up, the
Manager shall:

                  (i) Sell or otherwise liquidate all of the Company's assets as
                  promptly as  practicable  (except to the extent the Manager(s)
                  may  determine  to  distribute  any  assets to the  Members in
                  kind),

                                       22
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  Discharge  all  liabilities  of the  Company,  including
                  liabilities   to  Members  and  Unit   Holders  who  are  also
                  creditors,  to the extent  otherwise  permitted by law,  other
                  than liabilities to Members and Unit Holders for distributions
                  and the return of capital,  and establish such Reserves as may
                  be reasonably necessary to provide for contingent  liabilities
                  of the  Company  (for  purposes  of  determining  the  Capital
                  Accounts of the Members and Unit Holders,  the amounts of such
                  Reserves shall be deemed to be an expense of the Company),

                  (iii)  Distribute  to the holders of Preferred  Capital  Units
                  assets sufficient to comply with section 4.4(c)

                  (iv) Distribute the remaining assets in the same manner as set
                  forth in section 9.2 with respect to Distributable Cash.

         (c)  Notwithstanding   anything  to  the  contrary  in  this  Operating
Agreement, upon a liquidation within the meaning of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g)
of the Treasury Regulations,  if any Member has a deficit capital account (after
giving effect to all contributions, distributions, allocations and other capital
account adjustments for all taxable years,  including the year during which such
liquidation  occurs),  such Member shall have no  obligation to make any Capital
Contribution,  and the negative  balance of such Member's  capital account shall
not be  considered  a debt owed by such  Member to the  Company  or to any other
Person for any purpose whatsoever.

         (d) Upon completion of the winding up,  liquidation and distribution of
the assets, the Company shall be deemed terminated.

         (e) The  Manager(s)  shall comply with any applicable  requirements  of
applicable  law  pertaining  to the winding up of the affairs of the Company and
the final distribution of its assets.

         12.3  Articles  of  Termination.   When  all  debts,   liabilities  and
obligations have been paid and discharged or adequate  provisions have been made
therefor and all of the remaining  property and assets have been  distributed to
the Members, articles of dissolution shall be executed in duplicate and verified

                                       23
<PAGE>

by the  person  signing  the  articles,  which  articles  shall  set  forth  the
information required by the Act.

         12.4 Return of  Contribution  Nonrecourse to other  Members.  Except as
provided by law or as  expressly  provided  in this  Operating  Agreement,  upon
dissolution,  each Member shall look solely to the assets of the Company for the
return of its Capital Contribution.  If the Company property remaining after the
payment or discharge of the debts and liabilities of the Company is insufficient
to return the cash  contribution of one or more Members,  such Member or Members
shall have no recourse against any other Member.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

         13.1 Additional  Rights and Obligations of the Parties.  In addition to
the rights and obligations of  the  parties  set forth in  this  Agreement,  the
parties shall  also  have  the  rights  and  obligations  and the benefit of the
covenants set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement as if those provisions  were
set forth herein.

         13.2  Notices.  Any  notice,   demand,  or  communication  required  or
permitted to be given by any  provision  of this  Operating  Agreement  shall be
deemed to have been  sufficiently  given or served for all purposes if delivered
personally to the party or to an executive officer of the party to whom the same
is directed or, if sent by  registered  or certified  mail,  postage and charges
prepaid,  addressed to the Member's and/or  Company's  address,  as appropriate,
which is set forth in this  Operating  Agreement.  Except as otherwise  provided
herein,  any such notice shall be deemed to be given three  business  days after
the date on which the same was  deposited in a regularly  maintained  receptacle
for the deposit of United States mail, addressed and sent as aforesaid.

         13.3 Books of Account  and  Records.  Proper and  complete  records and
books of account  shall be kept or shall be caused to be kept by the Managers in
which shall be entered fully and accurately all  transactions  and other matters
relating  to the  Company's  business  in such  detail  and  completeness  as is
customary and usual for  businesses  of the type engaged in by the Company.  The
books and  records  shall be at all times be  maintained  as  determined  by the

                                       24
<PAGE>

Managers and shall be open to the reasonable  inspection and  examination of the
Members or their duly  authorized  representatives  during  reasonable  business
hours.

         13.4 Application of South Carolina Law. This operating  Agreement,  and
the application of interpretation  hereof,  shall be governed exclusively by its
terms and by the laws of the State of South Carolina, and specifically the Act.

         13.5  Waiver of Action  for  Partition.  Each  Member  and Unit  Holder
irrevocably  waives during the term of the Company any right that it may have to
maintain any action for partition with respect to the property of the Company.

         13.6 Execution of Additional Instruments.  Each Member hereby agrees to
execute  such  other  and  further   statements   of  interest   and   holdings,
designations,  powers of attorney and other instruments necessary to comply with
any laws, rules or regulations.

         13.7  Construction.  Whenever  the  singular  number  is  used  in this
Operating Agreement and when required by the context, the same shall include the
plural and vice versa,  and the masculine  gender shall include the feminine and
neuter genders and vice versa.

         13.8 Headings and Pronouns.  The headings in this  Operating  Agreement
are  inserted  for  convenience  only and are in no way  intended  to  describe,
interpret,  define,  or limit the  scope,  extent  or  intent of this  Operating
Agreement or any  provision  hereof.  All pronouns and only  variations  thereof
shall be deemed to refer to masculine,  feminine, or neuter,  singular or plural
as the identity of the Person or Persons may require.

         13.9 Waivers. The failure of any party to seek redress for violation of
or to insist upon the strict  performance  of any  covenant or condition of this
Operating  Agreement  shall not  prevent a  subsequent  act,  which  would  have
originally  constituted  a  violation,  from  having the  effect of an  original
violation.

         13.10 Rights and Remedies Cumulative.  The rights and remedies provided
by this  Operating  Agreement  are  cumulative  and the use of any one  right or
remedy by any  party  shall  not  preclude  or waive the right to use any or all

                                       25
<PAGE>

other  remedies.  Said  rights and  remedies  are given in addition to any other
rights the parties may have by law, statute, ordinance or otherwise.

         13.11 Severability. If any provision of this Operating Agreement or the
application  thereof to any person or circumstance shall be invalid,  illegal or
unenforceable to any extent,  the remainder of this Operating  Agreement and the
application  there of shall  not be  affected  and shall be  enforceable  to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

         13.12 Heirs,  Successors  and Assigns.  Each and all of the  covenants,
terms,  provisions and  agreements  herein  contained  shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and, to the extent  permitted by this
Operating Agreement,  their respective heirs, legal representatives,  successors
and assigns.

         13.13  Creditors.  None of the provisions of this  Operating  Agreement
shall be for the benefit of or enforceable by any creditors of the Company.

         13.14  Counterparts.  This  Operating  Agreement  may  be  executed  in
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original  but all of which shall
constitute one and the same instrument.












                                       26
<PAGE>

                                   CERTIFICATE

         The  undersigned  hereby  agree,   acknowledge  and  certify  that  the
foregoing Operating Agreement constitutes the Operating Agreement of the Company
adopted by the Members of the Company as of December 31, 2002.

                                            MEMBERS:



                                      /s/ Ronald J. Sheppard
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      Ronald J. Sheppard



                                      /s/ Paul Banniger
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      Paul Banninger




                                      HomeGold, Inc.

                                      By: /s/ Forrest Ferrell
                                          --------------------------------











                                       27

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       Number of                             Capital
  Members                               Units                            Contributions

<S>                                 <C>                                         <C>
Ronald J. Sheppard                  9,000 Common Voting                         $9,000


Paul Banninger                      1,000 Common Voting                         $1,000


HomeGold, Inc.                      10,000 Non-Voting                           in kind
                                    Economic Interest*

HomeGold, Inc.                      35,000,000 Preferred Capital*               in kind




* as set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement

</TABLE>











                                       28

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
