<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>k74575exv10w12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED & RESTATED COMERICA INC STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.12

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED

                              COMERICA INCORPORATED

                  STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS


SECTION 1. PURPOSE.

The purposes of this Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors are to promote
the continued prosperity of Comerica Incorporated by aligning the long-term
financial interests of the recipients of options hereunder with those of the
shareholders of the Corporation, to provide an additional incentive for such
individuals to remain as directors, and to provide a means through which the
Corporation and its affiliates may attract well-qualified individuals to serve
as directors.


SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS.

The following words and phrases, wherever capitalized, shall have the following
meanings respectively, unless the context otherwise requires:

A. "Affiliated Bank" means Comerica Bank-Illinois, Comerica Bank-California,
Comerica Bank & Trust, F.S.B., Comerica Bank-Texas or any other financial
institution which is or becomes a member of the controlled group of corporations
within the meaning of Section 1563(a)(1) of the Code (or other successor
provision of the Code defining the term "controlled group of corporations") of
which Comerica Incorporated is the common parent corporation.

B. "Agreement" means a written agreement which sets forth the terms and
conditions of an option grant under the Plan, including any amendment to such
written agreement. Agreements shall be subject to the express terms and
conditions set forth herein.

C. "Board" means the Board of Directors of Comerica Incorporated.

D. "Cause" means any act of (a) fraud or intentional misrepresentation, or (b)
embezzlement, misappropriation or conversion of assets or opportunities of the
Corporation or any Subsidiary.

E. "Change in Control of the Corporation" shall be deemed to have occurred if
(A) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Exchange Act), other


<PAGE>
                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Corporation, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Corporation representing 26% or more of the combined voting power of the
Corporation's then outstanding securities; or (B) during any period of two
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute
the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who
has entered into an agreement with the Corporation to effect a transaction
described in clauses (A) or (C) of this subsection) whose election by the Board
or nomination for election by the stockholders of the Corporation was approved
by a vote of at least two- thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office
who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or
nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to
constitute a majority thereof; or (C) the shareholders of the Corporation
approve a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation,
other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities
of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
(either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
the surviving entity) at least 75% of the combined voting power of the voting
securities of the Corporation or such surviving entity outstanding immediately
after such merger or consolidation, or the shareholders of the Corporation
approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or an agreement for
the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets.

F. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

G. "Comerica Bank" means Comerica Bank, a Michigan banking corporation.

H. "Committee" means the Directors Committee. No member of the Committee shall
be eligible to receive discretionary Option grants under Section 5.B. of the
Plan.

I. "Common Stock" means shares of $5.00 par value common stock of Comerica
Incorporated, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 7.

J. "Corporation" means Comerica Incorporated, a Delaware corporation.

K. "Disabled" or "Disability" means unable to engage in any substantial gainful
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
which can be expected to result in death or to be of long-continued and
indefinite duration. An individual shall not be considered to be disabled unless
he furnishes proof of the existence thereof in such form as the Committee may
require.

L. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as from
time to time amended.

M. "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.




                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


N. "Exercise Price" means, with respect to each share of Common Stock subject to
an Option, the price at which such share may be purchased from the Corporation
pursuant to the exercise of such Option.

O. "Fair Market Value" means the closing price of the Common Stock on the New
York Stock Exchange as reported on the Composite Tape, or if it is not listed on
the New York Stock Exchange, the closing price on the exchange on which the
Common Stock is then listed, or if not listed on any exchange, then the closing
price reported on the NASDAQ National Market System over-the-counter market; if,
however, there is no trading of the Common Stock on the date in question, then
the closing price of the Common Stock, as so reported, on the last preceding
date on which there was trading shall instead be used to determine Fair Market
Value; if Fair Market Value for any date in question cannot be determined as
hereinabove provided, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee by
whatever method or means the members, in the good faith exercise of their
discretion, at that time shall deem appropriate.

P. "Legal Representative" means the "guardian or legal representative" of the
optionholder as those terms are construed under the Exchange Act who, upon the
Disability or incapacity of an optionholder, shall have acquired on behalf of
the optionholder, by legal proceeding or otherwise, the right to exercise the
optionholder's rights and receive his or her benefits under the Plan.

Q. "Non-Employee Director" means (i) with respect to Section 5.A. of the Plan, a
member of the Board in his capacity as a director of the Corporation, provided
such individual is not an employee of the Corporation or of any Subsidiary of
the Corporation; and (ii) with respect to Section 5.B. of the Plan, a member of
the board of directors of Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank in such
individual's capacity as a director of Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank,
provided such individual also is a director of the Corporation and is not an
employee of the Corporation or of any Subsidiary of the Corporation.

R. "Option" means the right, granted pursuant to this Plan, of a holder to
purchase shares of Common Stock at the Exercise Price. All options granted under
the Plan shall be "nonstatutory stock options," i.e., options which do not
qualify under Sections 422 or 423 of the Code.

S. "Personal Representative" means the executor, administrator or personal
representative appointed to administer the optionholder's probate estate, or if
the individual has no probate estate, then the successor trustee(s) of any
revocable living trust the individual established during his or her lifetime.

T. "Plan" means the plan set forth herein which shall be known as the "Amended
and Restated Comerica Incorporated Stock Option Plan For Non-Employee
Directors."





                                      -3-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


U. "Qualified Domestic Relations Order" means a "qualified domestic relations
order" as defined in the Code or in Title I of ERISA, or in rules promulgated
thereunder.

V. "Subsidiary" means any corporation of which a majority of the outstanding
voting capital stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation. With
respect to non-corporate entities, it means any entity in which the Corporation
owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the equity interest.


SECTION 3. SHARES AVAILABLE UNDER THE PLAN.

The aggregate number of shares which may be issued and as to which grants of
Options may be made under the Plan is 375,000 shares(1) of the Common Stock,
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 7. If any Option granted under the
Plan is canceled by mutual consent or terminates or expires for any reason
without having been exercised in full, the number of shares subject thereto
shall again be available for purposes of the Plan. The shares which may be
issued under the Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares or treasury
shares or partly each.


SECTION 4. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN.

The Plan shall be administered by the Directors Committee (the "Committee"). The
Committee may delegate the day-to-day administration of the Plan to any
individual or individuals it deems appropriate. The Committee shall keep records
of action taken at its meetings or by unanimous written consent. A majority of
the Committee shall constitute a quorum at any meeting, and the acts of a
majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present, or
acts approved in writing by all the members of the Committee, shall constitute
acts of the Committee.

Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the Committee shall have
full authority to carry out the provisions of the Plan, including authority to
interpret the Plan and prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures in
connection with the operation of the Plan as it shall deem to be necessary and
advisable for the administration of the Plan consistent with the purposes of the
Plan. All questions of interpretation and application of the Plan, or as to
Options granted under the Plan, shall be subject to the determination of the
Committee, which shall be final and binding.

--------
         (1) This number of shares reflects the 1998 "3 for 2" stock split.



                                      -4-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


With respect to Section 5.A. of the Plan, the selection of the Non-Employee
Directors to whom Options are to be granted, the timing of such grants, the
number of shares subject to any Option, the exercise price of any Option, the
periods during which any Option may be exercised and the term of any Option
shall be as set forth in those provisions hereof which relate to Section 5.A. of
the Plan, and the Committee shall have no discretion as to such matters.

With respect to Section 5.B. of the Plan, the Committee shall have exclusive
authority to grant Options under the Plan, to select the Non-Employee Directors
who will receive Options, to determine the number of Options to be granted to
any Non-Employee Director and the terms of any Option grant, and to determine
the time when any Options will be granted.


SECTION 5. GRANT OF STOCK OPTIONS.

A. Automatic Annual Grants. On the day each annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Corporation is held, each Non-Employee Director shall automatically and
without further action by the Board or the Committee be granted an Option to
purchase 2,500 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment and substitution as
set forth in Section 7. If the number of shares then remaining available for the
grant of Options under the Plan is not sufficient for each Non-Employee Director
to be granted an Option for 2,500 shares (or the number of adjusted or
substituted shares pursuant to Section 7), then each Non-Employee Director shall
be granted an Option for a number of whole shares equal to the number of shares
then remaining available divided by the number of Non-Employee Directors,
disregarding any fractions of a share.

B. Discretionary Grants. Any Non-Employee Director shall be eligible to receive
whatever number of Options the Committee, in its sole discretion, chooses to
grant to him or her from time to time, but shall not have a right to receive any
such grants.


SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO OPTION GRANTS.

Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and
conditions:

A. Exercise Price. The Exercise Price with respect to each share of Common Stock
covered by the Option shall be 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share on
the date the Option is granted.

B. Payment of Exercise Price. The Exercise Price for each Option shall be paid
in full upon exercise and shall be payable in cash (including check, bank draft
or money order); provided, however, that in lieu of cash, the individual
exercising the Option may pay the Exercise Price, in whole or in part, by
delivering to the Corporation shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value
on the date of exercise of the Option equal to the




                                      -5-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


Exercise Price of the shares being purchased: except that (i) any portion of the
Exercise Price representing a fraction of a share shall in any event be paid in
cash, and (ii) no shares of Common Stock which have been held for less than six
months may be delivered in payment of the Exercise Price of an Option. Delivery
of shares may also be accomplished through the effective transfer to the
Corporation of shares held by a broker or other agent. The Corporation will also
cooperate with any individual exercising an Option who participates in a
cashless exercise program of a broker or other agent under which all or part of
the shares received upon exercise of the Option are sold through the broker or
other agent or under which the broker or other agent makes a loan to such
individual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exercise of the Option shall not
be deemed to occur and no shares of Common Stock will be issued by the
Corporation upon exercise of the Option until the Corporation has received
payment of the Exercise Price in full. The date of exercise of an Option shall
be determined under procedures established by the Committee, and as of the date
of exercise the individual exercising the Option shall be considered for all
purposes to be the owner of the shares with respect to which the Option has been
exercised. Payment of the Exercise Price with shares shall not increase the
number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under the Plan as provided
in Section 3.

C. Term of Options and Vesting. No Option shall be exercisable during the first
year of its term except as provided in Section 6.E., upon the occurrence of a
Change in Control of the Corporation, or as the Committee otherwise determines.
Each Option shall be exercisable with respect to all of the shares subject
thereto from and after the first anniversary of the date of its grant. Subject
to Section 6.E. which provides for earlier termination of an Option under
certain circumstances, each Option shall expire ten years after the date of
grant. An Option, to the extent exercisable at any time, may be exercised in
whole or in part.

Notwithstanding any other provision contained in the Plan, in case any Change in
Control of the Corporation occurs, all outstanding Options shall become
immediately and fully exercisable whether or not otherwise exercisable by their
terms.

D. Restrictions on Transferability. No Option shall be transferable by the
grantee otherwise than by will, or if the grantee dies intestate, by the laws of
descent and distribution of the state of domicile of the grantee at the time of
death or pursuant to a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. All Options shall be
exercisable during the lifetime of the grantee only by the grantee or by the
grantee's Legal Representative. These restrictions on transferability shall not
apply to the extent such restrictions are not at the time required for the Plan
to continue to meet the requirements of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, or
any successor Rule.

E. Separation From Board Service. If a grantee ceases to be a director of the
Corporation, Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank, any outstanding Options the
grantee then holds shall be exercisable in accordance with the following
provisions:





                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


         1.(a) Retirement, Disability, or Other Separation. If the grantee's
         separation is due to his or her retirement, Disability, or any other
         circumstance not covered in Sections 6.E.1.(b) or 6.E.2. below, any
         outstanding Option held by such grantee shall be exercisable by the
         grantee, or by his or her Legal Representative or Personal
         Representative, as the case may be (but only if exercisable by the
         grantee immediately prior to ceasing to be a director), at any time
         prior to the expiration date of such Option; and

         1.(b) Death. If the grantee's separation is due to his or her death,
         any outstanding Option held by such grantee shall be exercisable by the
         grantee, or by his or her Legal Representative or Personal
         Representative, as the case may be, at any time prior to the expiration
         date of such Option or within one year after the date the grantee
         ceases to be a director, whichever period is shorter; and

         2. Resignation or Removal for Cause. If the grantee's separation is due
         to his or her resignation or removal from office for Cause, any
         outstanding Option held by the grantee which is exercisable by the
         grantee immediately prior to his or her resignation or removal shall be
         exercisable by the grantee for 90 days following such resignation or
         removal (or by his Personal Representative or Legal Representative
         during the remainder of such 90-day period if he or she dies or becomes
         Disabled during such period), but not beyond the original term of such
         Option.

An Option held by a grantee who has ceased to be a director of the Corporation,
Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank shall expire at the end of the applicable
exercise period, if any, specified in this Section 6.E.

F. Option Agreements. All grants of Options shall be evidenced by an Agreement
which shall be executed on behalf of the Corporation by a representative of the
Committee.

G. Conditions Applicable to Grants of Options. The obligation of the Corporation
to issue shares of Common Stock under the Plan shall be subject to (i) the
effectiveness of a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, with respect to such shares, if deemed necessary or appropriate by
counsel for the Corporation; (ii) the condition that any shares to be issued
shall have been listed (or authorized for listing upon official notice of
issuance) upon each stock exchange, if any, on which the Common Stock may then
be listed; and (iii) all other applicable laws, regulations, rules and orders
which may then be in effect.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 6 and the other provisions
of the Plan, any Option granted under the Plan shall be subject to such
restrictions and other terms and conditions, if any, as shall be determined by
the Committee in its discretion and set forth in an Agreement; except that (i)
with respect to automatic grants under Section 5.A. hereof, in no event shall
the Committee or the Board have any power or authority which would cause the
Plan to fail to be a plan described in Rule 16b-3(c)(2) (ii) (or old Rule 16b-
3(b)(1)(iii) so






                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


long as such rule remains effective), or any successor Rule; and (ii) with
respect to discretionary grants under Section 5.B. hereof, in no event shall any
member of the Committee be other than a "disinterested person" under Rule
16b-3(c)(2)(i) (or Rule 16b-3(b)(1)(ii) so long as such rule remains effective).
Furthermore, transactions under this Plan are intended to comply with all
applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its successors under the 1934 Act. To the
extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Committee fails to so comply,
it shall be deemed null and void, to the extent permitted by law and deemed
advisable by the Committee.


SECTION 7. ADJUSTMENT AND SUBSTITUTION OF SHARES.

In the event any change occurs in the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
merger, consolidation, reorganization, combination or exchange of shares,
split-up, split-off, spin off, liquidation or other similar change in
capitalization, or any distribution to common shareholders other than cash
dividends, the number or kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan
pursuant to Section 3, including shares covered by existing Options, shall be
automatically adjusted to preserve the proportionate interests of the grantees
in the Corporation as represented by their outstanding Options, and the
proportionality of the share pool under the Plan in relation to the total number
of shares outstanding.

If the outstanding shares of the Common Stock shall be changed into or become
exchangeable for a different number or kind of shares of stock or other
securities of the Corporation or another corporation, whether through
reorganization, reclassification, recapitalization, stock split-up, combination
of shares, merger or consolidation, then there shall be substituted for each
share of the Common Stock set forth in Section 3, including shares covered by
existing Options, the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities
into which each outstanding share of Common Stock shall be so changed or for
which each such share shall become exchangeable.

In case of any adjustment or substitution as provided for in the first two
paragraphs of this Section 7, the aggregate Exercise Price for all shares
subject to each then outstanding Option prior to such adjustment or substitution
shall be the aggregate Exercise Price for all shares of stock or other
securities (including any fraction) into which such shares shall have been
converted or which shall have been substituted for such shares. Any new Exercise
Price per share shall be carried to at least three decimal places with the last
decimal place rounded upwards to the nearest whole number.

If the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be changed in value by reason of
any spin-off, split-off or split-up, or dividend in partial liquidation,
dividend in property other than cash or extraordinary distribution to holders of
Common Stock, the Committee shall make any adjustments to any then outstanding
Option which it determines are equitably required to prevent dilution or
enlargement of the rights of grantees which would otherwise result from any such
transaction.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


No adjustment or substitution provided for in this Section 7 shall require the
Corporation to issue or sell a fraction of a share or other security.
Accordingly, all fractional shares or other securities which result from any
such adjustment or substitution shall be eliminated and not carried forward to
any subsequent adjustment or substitution.

Except as provided in this Section 7, a grantee shall have no rights by reason
of the issuance by the Corporation of stock of any class or securities
convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares
of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase
or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class.


SECTION 8.  EFFECT OF THE PLAN ON THE RIGHTS OF THE CORPORATION, ITS AFFILIATES
            AND SHAREHOLDERS.

Nothing in the Plan, in any Option granted under the Plan, or in any Agreement
shall confer any right to any person to continue as a director of the
Corporation, Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank, or interfere in any way with
the rights of the shareholders of the Corporation, the Board or the board of
directors of Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank to elect and remove directors.


SECTION 9. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION.

The right to amend the Plan at any time and from time to time and the right to
terminate the Plan at any time are hereby specifically reserved to the Board;
provided, however, that no such termination shall result in the cancellation of
any outstanding Options theretofore granted under the Plan; and provided further
that no amendment of the Plan shall: (i) be made without shareholder approval if
shareholder approval of the amendment is at the time required for Options
granted under the Plan to directors of the Corporation, Comerica Bank or any
Affiliated Bank to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act provided by Rule 16b-3, or by any successor Rule, or by the rules of any
stock exchange on which the Common Stock may then be listed; (ii) amend more
than once every six months the provisions of the Plan relating to grants under
Section 5.A. of the Plan including the selection of the directors to whom
Options are to be granted under Section 5.A., the timing of such grants, the
number of shares which will become subject to any Option granted under Section
5.A., the Exercise Price of any Option granted under Section 5.A., the periods
during which any Option granted under Section 5.A. may be exercised and the term
of any such Option other than to comport with changes in the Code or ERISA, or
the rules and regulations thereunder; or (iii) otherwise amend the Plan in any
manner that would cause Options granted under the Plan to directors of the
Corporation, Comerica Bank or any Affiliated Bank not to qualify for the
exemption provided by Rule 16b-3, or any successor Rule. No amendment or
termination of the Plan shall, without the written





                                      -9-
<PAGE>

                                                       Effective, as amended and
                                                       restated, on May 22, 2001


consent of the holder of an Option theretofore granted under the Plan, adversely
affect the rights of such holder with respect thereto.

Notwithstanding anything contained in the preceding paragraph or in any other
provision of the Plan or in any Agreement, the Board shall have the power to
amend the Plan in any manner deemed necessary or advisable so that Options
granted under the Plan qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 (or any
successor rule relating to exemption from Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act), and
any such amendment shall, to the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the
Board, be applicable to any outstanding Options theretofore granted under the
Plan notwithstanding any contrary provisions in any Agreement. In the event of
any such amendment to the Plan, the holder of any Option outstanding under the
Plan shall, upon request of the Committee and as a condition to the
exercisability of such Option, execute a conforming amendment in the form
prescribed by the Committee to the Agreement referred to in Section 6.F. within
such reasonable time as the Committee shall specify in such request.


SECTION 10. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN.

The Plan shall become effective upon approval by the affirmative votes of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present, or represented, and
entitled to vote at a duly called and convened meeting of shareholders. If
approval is obtained at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 1995, the Plan
shall be effective on the date of the meeting and the first Options shall be
granted on that date following the meeting. The last Options to be granted under
the Plan shall be granted on the day of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of
the Corporation in the year 2004.















                                      -10-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
