<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>k74575exv10w15.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMERICA INC COMMON STOCK DIRECTOR DEFERRAL PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.15


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002





                              COMERICA INCORPORATED
                     COMMON STOCK DIRECTOR FEE DEFERRAL PLAN

<PAGE>


                              COMERICA INCORPORATED
                     COMMON STOCK DIRECTOR FEE DEFERRAL PLAN


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Page No.
<S>                                                                                              <C>
SECTION I - PURPOSE..................................................................................1

SECTION II - DEFINITIONS.............................................................................1

SECTION III - ELIGIBILITY............................................................................3

SECTION IV - PROCEDURES RELATING TO DEFERRALS........................................................3

SECTION V - CREDITING OF EARNINGS TO ACCOUNTS........................................................4

SECTION VI - DISTRIBUTION OF DEFERRED FEES...........................................................5

SECTION VII - DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY.............................................................6

SECTION VIII - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS..............................................................6
</TABLE>




<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


                              COMERICA INCORPORATED
                     COMMON STOCK DIRECTOR FEE DEFERRAL PLAN


SECTION I - PURPOSE

The purpose of this Common Stock Plan is to allow eligible directors to defer
their Director Fees, under the conditions provided herein, into the Corporation
Stock Unit Account. All funds in a Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account
are hypothetically invested in the Common Stock of the Corporation. Each
eligible director of the Corporation must defer that percentage of the Director
Fees determined by the Committee into the Corporation Stock Unit Account. The
remaining Director Fees of an eligible director of the Corporation may be
deferred in any portion as requested by each director. Eligible directors of any
Subsidiary of the Corporation or Advisory Board may defer all or any portion of
their Director Fees under this Common Stock Plan as requested by such director.

SECTION II-- DEFINITIONS

The following words and phrases, wherever capitalized, shall have the following
meanings respectively:

              A. "Advisory Board" means a special board of directors appointed
to advise a Subsidiary of the Corporation.

              B. "Beneficiary(ies)" means such individual(s) or entity(ies)
designated on the most recent Beneficiary Designation the director has properly
submitted to the Corporation in accordance with Section IV of the Common Stock
Plan or by the Corporation in accordance with Section VII of the Common Stock
Plan if there is no valid Beneficiary Designation.

              C. "Beneficiary Designation" means the written notice designating
the director's Beneficiary(ies), on such form as may be modified by the Plan
Administrator from time to time.

              D. "Cancellation of Deferral Election" means a written notice of
cancellation of election to defer unearned Director Fees made by the
Participant, on such form as may be modified by the Plan Administrator from time
to time.

              E. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
any successor statute.

              F. "Committee" means the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any successor
committee duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

              G. "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Corporation, par
value $5.00.


                                       1
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


              H. "Common Stock Plan" means the Comerica Incorporated Common
Stock Director Fee Deferral Plan, the provisions of which are set forth herein,
as the Common Stock Plan may be amended and restated from time to time.

              I. "Corporate Secretary" means the Secretary of Comerica
Incorporated.

              J. "Corporation" means Comerica Incorporated, a Delaware
corporation, and its successors and assigns.

              K. "Corporation Stock Unit Account" means an account established
under Section V of this Common Stock Plan, solely for book-keeping purposes, in
the name of each director to record those Director Fees that are deferred under
this Common Stock Plan on the director's behalf and earnings and dividends
thereon.

              L. "Deferral Election" means a written notice to defer the payment
of unearned Director Fees submitted by an eligible director on the applicable
form, as such form may be modified by the Plan Administrator from time to time.

              M. "Director Fees" means a director's annual retainer and any fees
earned by the director for performing director duties, including fees for
attending board meetings, fees for attending meetings of any committee of the
board of the Corporation or its Subsidiary or an Advisory Board, if any, and
fees for serving as chairman of any committee of the board of the Corporation or
its Subsidiary or an Advisory Board.

              N. "Participant" means an eligible director meeting the
requirements of Section III below for whom a Corporation Stock Unit Account is
maintained under the Common Stock Plan.

              O. "Plan Administrator" means one or more individuals appointed by
the Committee to handle the day-to-day administration of the Common Stock Plan.

              P. "Subsidiary" means any corporation, partnership or other
entity, a majority of whose stock or interests is owned by the Corporation.

              Q. "Unforeseeable Emergency" means a severe financial hardship to
the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of
the Participant or of a dependent (within the meaning of Code Section 152(a)) of
the Participant, loss of the Participant's property due to casualty, or other
similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of
events beyond the control of the Participant.



                                       2
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


SECTION III - ELIGIBILITY

Each director of the Corporation, each director of any Subsidiary of the
Corporation, and each director of any Advisory Board of a Subsidiary of the
Corporation shall be eligible to participate in the Common Stock Plan, provided
any such director is not an employee of the Corporation or an employee of any
Subsidiary of the Corporation.

SECTION IV - PROCEDURES RELATING TO DEFERRALS

              A. Deferral of Director Compensation.

              1. Deferrals for Directors of the Corporation. (a) One-half of the
Director Fees of each of the Corporation's directors shall be automatically
deferred to and recorded in each individual director's Corporation Stock Unit
Account and shall not otherwise be subject to any other Deferral Election (other
than length of deferral and schedule of pay-out).

                  (a) A Corporation director may, at his or her election, defer
any portion of the remainder of his or her Director Fees under this Common Stock
Plan.

              2. Deferral for Directors of any Subsidiary. Directors of any
Subsidiary of the Corporation may defer any portion of their Director Fees under
this Common Stock Plan.

              3. Deferral for Directors of any Advisory Board. Directors of an
Advisory Board of any Subsidiary of the Corporation may defer any portion of
their Director Fees under this Common Stock Plan.

              4. Minimum Deferral Period. The minimum period of deferral for
Director Fees deferred pursuant to this Section IV.A. shall be the lesser of the
number of years remaining before regular retirement or five years from the date
of payment of the Director Fees. In the event a director of an Advisory Board of
any Subsidiary of the Corporation does not indicate the period of deferral, such
Director Fees shall be deferred for a period of five years from the date of
payment of such Director Fees and paid out in a single lump sum upon the fifth
anniversary of the date of payment of such Director Fees.

              5. Deferred Director Fees. Once deferred under this Common Stock
Plan, a director may not withdraw Director Fees or receive any distributions
thereof, except in accordance with Section VI of the Common Stock Plan

              B. Deferral Procedures. Any eligible director wishing to defer
Director Fees must submit a Deferral Election to the Corporate Secretary at 500
Woodward, MC 3391, Detroit, Michigan 48226-3391 or such other person, who may be
the Plan Administrator, designated by the Committee from time to time, prior to
the beginning of the calendar year during which the Director Fees are to be
earned. However, any



                                       3
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


newly-appointed or newly-elected director may submit a Deferral Election, with
respect to unearned Director Fees, within sixty days of his or her appointment
or election.

              C. Irrevocability. A director may not modify or revoke a Deferral
Election once the director has performed the services that entitle the director
to the Director Fees or has been paid the Director Fees, whichever occurs
earlier. If a director has submitted a Deferral Election relating to Director
Fees to be earned in the future, he or she may modify such election by
submitting a new Deferral Election prior to the beginning of the calendar year
in which the Director Fees will be earned. Any such Deferral Election will
supersede any previous Deferral Election as it relates to Director Fees to be
earned in future years.

              D. Cancellation. A Deferral Election may be canceled by submitting
a Cancellation of Deferral Election, provided however, that a Corporation
director may only submit a Cancellation of Deferral Election with respect to
Director Fees deferred pursuant to Section IV.A.(1)(b). A director who cancels a
Deferral Election may not submit a new Deferral Election before at least twelve
months have elapsed from the effective date of the cancellation. A Cancellation
of Deferral Election shall be effective as to Director Fees to be earned after
the date of delivery of the Cancellation of Deferral Election.

SECTION V - CREDITING OF EARNINGS TO ACCOUNTS

Director Fees, which have been deferred under the Common Stock Plan, shall be
credited to a Corporation Stock Unit Account. As of the last day of each month
or on a more frequent basis if practicable, the Corporation Stock Unit Account
shall be adjusted as follows:

              A.   A Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Accounts shall be
                   "hypothetically invested" in Common Stock. In the event the
                   Corporation has established a rabbi trust for its own benefit
                   to fund the Corporation's obligations under this Common Stock
                   Plan, the purchase price for Common Stock deemed to be
                   invested under this Common Stock Plan shall be the actual
                   price of the shares of Common Stock that the Corporation
                   purchases on the open market on the day of actual purchase of
                   the shares by the Corporation. In the event that the
                   Corporation has not established a rabbi trust, the purchase
                   price of hypothetically invested Common Stock shall be based
                   upon the closing price for the Common Stock on the New York
                   Stock Exchange on the day that the Director Fees would have
                   otherwise been paid to the director had they not been
                   deferred. No director shall have any right to vote any shares
                   of Common Stock held in the rabbi trust, except to the extent
                   otherwise permitted by the terms of the rabbi trust.

              B.   A Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account shall first be
                   charged with any distributions made during the month or on a
                   more frequent basis if practicable.


                                       4
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


              C.   A Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account shall then be
                   credited with earnings, gains and losses for the month (or on
                   a more frequent basis if practicable), based upon the closing
                   price for Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of
                   the last day of such month, plus the amount of any dividends
                   paid on the Common Stock during such period.

              D.   A Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account shall then be
                   credited with the amount, if any, of Director Fees deferred
                   and designated to be credited to such account during such
                   month.

SECTION VI - DISTRIBUTION OF DEFERRED FEES

              A. Time and Manner. Distribution of the Participant's Corporation
Stock Unit Account shall be made in Common Stock at such time and in such
manner, i.e., a single distribution or installments, as the Participant has
specified in the Deferral Election.

              B. Installment Payments. Installment distributions under an
installment distribution option shall not exceed ten years from the date of the
distribution of the first installment. A Participant may choose an applicable
installment period from the options designated by the Corporation on the
Deferral Form. The number of shares of Common Stock distributable in each
installment shall be determined by multiplying the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed invested in the Corporation Stock Unit Account on the date the
installment is scheduled to be distributed by a fraction, the numerator of which
is one and the denominator of which is the number of unpaid installments
remaining at such time. Fractional shares of Common Stock shall be paid in cash.
If a Participant who is receiving installment distributions dies prior to
receiving full distribution of his or her Corporation Stock Unit Account, the
undistributed portion of the Corporation Stock Unit Account shall be distributed
in one installment to the Participant's Beneficiary(ies) as soon as practicable
after the date the Corporation receives notice of the Participant's death.

              C. Hardship Distributions. In the event of an Unforeseeable
Emergency involving a Participant which occurs prior to distribution of the
entire balance of the Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account, the
Committee may, in its sole discretion, distribute to the Participant in a single
installment the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such
account as shall be necessary, in the judgment of the Committee, to alleviate
the financial hardship occasioned by the Unforeseeable Emergency. Any
Participant desiring a distribution under the Common Stock Plan on account of an
Unforeseeable Emergency shall submit to the Committee a written request for such
distribution which sets forth in reasonable detail the Unforeseeable Emergency
which would cause the Participant severe financial hardship, and the amount
which the Participant believes to be necessary to alleviate the financial
hardship. In determining whether to grant any requested hardship distribution,
the Committee shall adhere to the requirements of Section 1.457-2(h)(4) of the
Regulations under the Code (or to any successor regulations dealing with the
same subject matter), the provisions of which are incorporated herein by
reference.



                                       5
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


              D. Single Distribution. If, at the time an installment
distribution of a Corporation Stock Unit Account in the name of any Participant
is scheduled to commence, the fair market value of such account (based on the
closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day
prior to the commencement of the first installment) does not exceed $10,000,
then, notwithstanding an election by the Participant that such account be
distributed in installments, the shares of Common Stock in such account shall be
distributed to the Participant in a single distribution.

SECTION VII - DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY

Upon becoming a Participant of the Common Stock Plan, each director shall submit
to the Corporate Secretary or such other person designated by the Committee from
time to time a Beneficiary Designation, designating one or more Beneficiaries to
whom distributions otherwise due the Participant shall be made in the event of
the Participant's death before distribution of the Participant's Corporation
Stock Unit Account has been completed. A Beneficiary Designation will be
effective only if it is signed by the Participant and submitted before the
Participant's death. Any subsequent Beneficiary Designation properly submitted
will supersede any previous Beneficiary Designation so submitted. If the primary
Beneficiary shall predecease the Participant or the primary Beneficiary and the
Participant die in a common disaster under such circumstances that it is
impossible to determine who survived the other, the undistributed shares of
Common Stock in the Participant's Corporation Stock Unit Account remaining at
the time of the Participant's death shall be distributed to the alternate
Beneficiary(ies) who survive the Participant. If there are no alternate
Beneficiaries living or in existence at the date of the Participant's death, or
if the Participant has not submitted a valid Beneficiary Designation to the
Corporation, the undistributed shares of Common Stock in the Participant's
Corporation Stock Unit Account shall be distributed in a single distribution to
the legal representative for the benefit of the Participant's estate.

SECTION VIII - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

           A. Nonalienation of Benefits. Neither the Participant nor any
Beneficiary designated by him or her shall have any right to alienate, assign,
or encumber any benefits that are or may be distributable hereunder, nor may any
such benefits be subject to attachment, garnishment, levy, execution or other
legal or equitable process for the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or
acts of any Participant or Beneficiary.

           B. Administration of Common Stock Plan. Full power and authority to
construe, interpret, and administer the Common Stock Plan shall be vested in the
Committee. To the extent permitted by law, the Committee may delegate any
authority it possesses to the Plan Administrator. To the extent the Committee
has delegated authority concerning a matter to the Plan Administrator, any
reference in the Common Stock Plan to the "Committee" insofar as it pertains to
such matter, shall refer likewise to the Plan Administrator. Decisions of the
Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all parties.



                                       6
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


              C. Amendment or Termination. The Board of Directors of the
Corporation may amend or terminate this Common Stock Plan at any time, provided,
however, that the Committee may make such amendments to the Common Stock Plan,
which provide for the administration of the Common Stock Plan. Any amendment or
termination of this Common Stock Plan shall not affect the rights of
Participants or Beneficiaries to distribution of the shares of Common Stock in
the Corporation Stock Unit Account at the time of such amendment or termination.
The Corporation reserves the right to accelerate distribution of Director Fees
deferred hereunder in the event the Common Stock Plan is terminated.

              D. Effective Date. This Common Stock Plan is intended to
constitute an amendment and restatement of a prior Common Stock Plan maintained
by the Corporation captioned "Comerica Incorporated Director Fee Deferral Plan".
The Common Stock Plan, as amended and restated, was approved by the Board of
Directors of Corporation on May 21, 1999. The version of the Common Stock Plan
contained in the May 21, 1999, document shall be effective to defer Director
Fees to be earned from and after January 1, 1997 and the earnings rate contained
in that version of the Common Stock Plan shall apply to existing accounts under
the Common Stock Plan beginning January 1, 1997. The amendment and restatement
contained in this document shall be effective as of November 26, 2002.

              E. Statements to Participants. Statements will be provided to
Participants under the Common Stock Plan on at least an annual basis.

              F. Nonforfeitability of Participant Accounts. Each Participant
shall be fully vested in his or her Corporation Stock Unit Account.

              G. Successors Bound. The contractual agreement between the
Corporation and each Participant resulting from the execution of a Deferral
Election shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Corporation, its
successors and assigns, and to the Participant and to the Participant's heirs,
executors, administrators and other legal representatives.

              H. Governing Law and Rules of Construction. This Common Stock Plan
shall be governed in all respects, whether as to construction, validity or
otherwise, by applicable federal law and, to the extent that federal law is
inapplicable, by the laws of the State of Delaware. Each provision of this
Common Stock Plan shall be treated as severable, to the end that, if any one or
more provisions shall be adjudged or declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable,
this Common Stock Plan shall be interpreted, and shall remain in full force and
effect, as though such provision or provisions had never been contained herein.
It is the intention of the Corporation that the Common Stock Plan established
hereunder be "unfunded" for income tax purposes, whether or not the Corporation
establishes a rabbi trust, and the provisions hereof shall be construed in a
manner to carry out that intention.

              I. Ownership of Fee Deferrals and Continued Director Status. Title
to and beneficial ownership of any assets, of whatever nature, which may be
allocated by



                                       7
<PAGE>


                                                            Amended and Restated
                                                         As of November 26, 2002
                                               Board Approval: November 26, 2002


Corporation to any Corporation Stock Unit Account in the name of any Participant
shall at all times remain with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, and no
Participant or Beneficiary shall have any property interest whatsoever in any
specific assets of Corporation or its Subsidiaries by reason of the
establishment of the Common Stock Plan. The rights of each Participant and
Beneficiary hereunder shall be limited to enforcing the unfunded, unsecured
promise of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries to pay benefits under the Common
Stock Plan, and the status of any Participant or Beneficiary shall be that of an
unsecured general creditor of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries. Neither the
establishment of the Common Stock Plan nor the distribution of any benefits
hereunder or any action of the Corporation, its Board of Directors or any
committee thereto, shall be held or construed to confer upon any person the
legal right to remain a director of the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

              J. Changes in Capitalization. The shares of Common Stock in the
Corporation Stock Unit Accounts shall be subject to adjustment or substitution,
as determined in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, in the event of any change in corporate capitalization, such as a
stock split or a corporate transaction, such as any merger, consolidation,
separation, including a spin-off, or other distribution of stock or property of
the Corporation, any reorganization (whether or not such reorganization comes
within the definition of such term in Section 368 of the Code) or any partial or
complete liquidation of the Corporation.




                                       8


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
