<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>k74575exv10w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DIRECTOR INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6
                              COMERICA INCORPORATED
                        Comerica Tower at Detroit Center
                            500 Woodward, 33rd Floor
                          Detroit, Michigan 48226-3391

                                                              ____________, 2002


Dear Mr./Ms.____________

If you have any agreement currently in effect (the "Prior Agreement") with
Comerica Incorporated (the "Corporation") concerning indemnification of you by
the Corporation in connection with your acting or having acted at any time as a
director or officer of the Corporation, this agreement (the "Agreement") hereby
amends and restates the Prior Agreement in its entirety. If you do not have a
Prior Agreement with the Corporation concerning such indemnification, this
Agreement shall serve as your initial Agreement with the Corporation concerning
the indemnification of you by the Corporation with respect to expenses,
liabilities and losses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts
paid or to be paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by you
("Indemnified Costs") in connection with any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (whether or not by or in the right of the Corporation)
(collectively, a "Proceeding") in which you are involved, as a party, a
threatened party or otherwise, by reason of your acting or having acted at any
time as a director or officer of the Corporation.

The Corporation is entering into this Agreement pursuant to the authority
contained in its Bylaws and the provisions of the General Corporation Law of
Delaware (8 Del. C.ss.101 et seq.) ("Delaware Law"), including the provision of
8 Del. C.ss.145 to the effect that the indemnification authorized thereby is not
exclusive. That provision of the Delaware Law suggests that contracts may be
entered into between a corporation organized under the Delaware Law and its
directors and officers with respect to indemnification of those persons.

To induce you to act and continue to act as a director or officer of the
Corporation, the Corporation desires to provide you with the broadest indemnity
which it is permitted by law to extend.

In consideration of the foregoing and of your service as a director or officer
after the date of this Agreement, the Corporation agrees to the terms and
conditions set forth below.

I.       BASIC INDEMNIFICATION ARRANGEMENT

To the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law and regulation,
as currently in effect or hereafter amended, and subject to the limitations on
indemnification set forth in this Agreement, the Corporation will:

1.       Indemnify you and hold you harmless from and against and, if paid by
         you, reimburse you for, any Indemnified Costs incurred by you in
         connection with any Proceedings arising by reason of the fact that you
         are or at any time in the past


<PAGE>



         were a director or officer of the Corporation, or are or were serving
         or at any time will serve at the request of the Corporation as a
         director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
         partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise including service
         with respect to employee benefit plans, to the extent of the highest
         and most advantageous to you of any combination of:

         (a)      the benefits provided by the indemnification provisions of the
                  Corporation's Bylaws as in effect on the date of this
                  Agreement;

         (b)      the benefits provided by the indemnification provisions of the
                  Corporation's Bylaws in effect at the time the Indemnified
                  Costs are incurred by you;

         (c)      the benefits allowable under the Delaware Law in effect as of
                  the date of this Agreement or as the same may hereafter be
                  amended;

         (d)      the benefits allowable under the law of the jurisdiction under
                  which the Corporation is organized at the time the Indemnified
                  Costs are incurred by you;

         (e)      the benefits available under any director's and officer's
                  insurance ("D&O Insurance") or other liability insurance
                  obtained by the Corporation; and

         (f)      the benefits available to the fullest extent authorized to be
                  provided to you by the Corporation under the non-exclusivity
                  provisions of the Bylaws of the Corporation and the Delaware
                  Law.

2.       Pay any and all expenses in connection with a Proceeding arising by
         reason of the fact that you are or at any time in the past were a
         director or officer of the Corporation, as those expenses are incurred
         and in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding, regardless
         of whether the directors of the Corporation previously authorized those
         payments, upon receipt from you of an undertaking by or on your behalf
         to repay such amount if it ultimately is determined that you are not
         entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation for those expenses under
         applicable law, the Corporation's Bylaws, this Agreement or otherwise.

II.      DETERMINATION OF STANDARD OF CONDUCT

To the extent the Corporation's Bylaws, Delaware Law or the law of the
jurisdiction under which the Corporation is organized at the time the
Indemnified Costs are incurred by you, as the case may be, requires that you or
your spouse (a "D&O Claimant"), meet a standard of conduct in order to be
entitled to indemnification, such determination, unless prohibited by applicable
law or regulation, or otherwise required by Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, as amended, shall be made by Independent Legal Counsel, as
follows:

         1.       the Disinterested Directors (as defined below) shall select
                  Independent Legal Counsel by majority vote, even if such
                  Disinterested Directors constitute less than a quorum, and
                  direct that the determination be made by such counsel (or, if
                  there are no Disinterested Directors, the full Board of
                  Directors shall select Independent Legal Counsel by majority
                  vote and shall direct that the determination be made by such
                  counsel); unless there shall have occurred within two years
                  prior to the date of the commencement of the Proceeding for
                  which indemnification is claimed a "Change of Control" as
                  defined in the


                                        2

<PAGE>



                  Amended and Restated Comerica Incorporated 1997 Long-Term
                  Incentive Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement, in
                  which case the Independent Legal Counsel shall be selected by
                  the D&O Claimant unless the D&O Claimant shall request that
                  such selection be made by the Board of Directors. If it is so
                  determined that the D&O Claimant is entitled to
                  indemnification, payment to the D&O Claimant shall be made
                  within 10 days after such determination.

         2.       the term "Disinterested Directors" shall mean directors that
                  are not and were not parties, and who are not and were not
                  threatened to be made parties, to such Proceeding;

         3.       "Independent Legal Counsel" shall mean a law firm, a member of
                  a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is
                  experienced in matters of corporation law and that, under the
                  applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing,
                  would not have a conflict of interest in representing either
                  the Corporation or the D&O Claimant in an action to determine
                  the D&O Claimant's rights under this Section.

III.     SPOUSAL INDEMNIFICATION

The Corporation will indemnify your spouse to whom you are legally married at
any time you are covered under the indemnification provided in this Agreement
(even if you do not remain married to him or her during the entire period of
coverage) against third party Proceedings or direct or derivative actions or
suits for the same period, to the same extent and subject to the same standards,
limitations, obligations and conditions under which you are provided
indemnification herein, if your spouse (or former spouse) becomes involved in a
Proceeding solely by reason of his or her status as your spouse, including,
without limitation, any Proceeding that seeks damages recoverable from marital
community property, jointly-owned property or property purported to have been
transferred from you to your spouse (or former spouse). Your spouse or former
spouse also may be entitled to advancement of expenses to the same extent that
you are entitled to advancement of expenses herein. The Corporation may maintain
insurance to cover its obligation hereunder with respect to your spouse (or
former spouse) or set aside assets in a trust or escrow fund for that purpose.

IV.      ENFORCEMENT COSTS

The Corporation will pay any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by you to enforce your
rights under this Agreement.

V.       INSURANCE

The Corporation will purchase and maintain in effect for your benefit one or
more valid, binding and enforceable policy or policies of D&O Insurance,
provided that the Corporation will not be required to purchase and maintain the
same if the insurance is not reasonably available or if, in the reasonable
business judgment of the then directors of the Corporation (or a committee
thereof), the cost for the insurance is substantially disproportionate to the

                                        3


<PAGE>




coverage provided or the coverage provided is so limited by exclusions that the
benefits provided by the insurance are insufficient.

The Corporation agrees that the provisions hereof shall remain in effect
regardless of whether D&O Insurance or other liability insurance coverage is
obtained or retained at any time by the Corporation, and that any benefits
granted to you hereunder will be in addition to any indemnification benefits
provided to you by any entity other than the Corporation; except that any
payments made under an insurance policy or from any other source will reduce the
obligations of the Corporation hereunder.

VI.      PARTIAL INDEMNIFICATION

If you are entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification for
some claims but not for others, or for some portion of expenses but not for the
total amount thereof, the Corporation will indemnify you for that portion of the
claims and expenses for which you are entitled to indemnification.

VII.     LIMITATIONS ON INDEMNIFICATION

No indemnification, reimbursement or payment shall be required of the
Corporation under this Agreement with respect to any of the items set forth
below, except to the extent it is provided from policies of insurance carried by
the Corporation:

1.       Any claim as to which you shall have been finally adjudged by a court
         of competent jurisdiction to:

         (a)      have breached a director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation
                  or its shareholders;

         (b)      have committed acts or omissions not in good faith or
                  involving intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of
                  law;

         (c)      have effected any transaction from which you have derived an
                  improper personal benefit within the meaning of the Delaware
                  Law (8 Del.C.ss.102(b)(7)); or

         (d)      have authorized any unlawful payment of dividend or unlawful
                  stock purchase or redemption on the Corporation's stock
                  prohibited by the Delaware Law (8 Del. C.ss.174);
                  except to the extent that such court, or another court having
                  jurisdiction, shall determine upon application that, despite
                  the adjudication of liability, but in view of all the
                  circumstances of the case, you are fairly and reasonably
                  entitled to indemnity for such Indemnified Costs as the court
                  deems proper.

2.       Any payment determined to be unlawful by final judgment of a court or
         other tribunal having jurisdiction over the question.

3.       Any obligation of yours under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange
         Act of 1934, as amended.

                                        4

<PAGE>

4.       Any liability or expense (including any penalty, judgment or legal
         expense) sustained in connection with an administrative or civil
         enforcement action which is initiated by a federal banking agency and
         results in a final adjudication or finding against you; if such
         indemnification, reimbursement or payment, on the date thereof, is a
         prohibited indemnification payment under Regulations and Statements of
         General Policy of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (including,
         without limitation, 12 CFR 359.0 et seq.) or federal banking law
         (including, without limitation, 12 USC 1828(k)), as both are amended
         and in effect on the date of such payment.

You hereby agree to reimburse the Corporation, to the extent not covered by
payments from insurance or bonds purchased pursuant to 12 CFR 359.1(1)(2), as
amended for that portion of the advanced indemnification payments that
subsequently become prohibited indemnification payments, as defined in 12 CFR
359.1(1), as amended.

VIII.    ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST

The Corporation may (but is not obligated to) dedicate assets of the Corporation
as collateral security for the funding of its obligations under this Agreement
and under similar agreements with other directors, officers, employees and
agents, by depositing assets or bank letters of credit in trust or escrow,
establishing reserve accounts, funding self- insurance arrangements or
otherwise, on terms determined by the Corporation.

IX.      LEGAL DEFENSE

You will provide to the Corporation prompt written notice of any Proceeding
brought, threatened, asserted or commenced against you with respect to which you
may assert a right to indemnification under this Agreement. You will not make
any admission or effect any settlement without the Corporation's written consent
unless you have undertaken your own defense in the matter and have waived the
benefits of this Agreement. The Corporation will not settle any Proceeding to
which you are a party in any manner which would impose any penalty on you
without your written consent. Neither you nor the Corporation will unreasonably
withhold consent to any proposed settlement. Except as otherwise provided below,
to the extent that it wishes to do so, the Corporation jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly notified (or its or their insurer), will be
entitled to assume your defense in any Proceeding, with counsel mutually
satisfactory to you and the Corporation. After notice from the Corporation to
you of the Corporation's election so to assume such defense, the Corporation
will not be liable to you under this Agreement for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by you in connection with the defense of the matter other
than reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below. You will
have the right to employ counsel in such Proceeding, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel incurred after notice from the Corporation (or its insurer), of
its assumption of the defense of the Proceeding will be at your expense unless:

         (a)      the employment of counsel by you was authorized by the
                  Corporation;

         (b)      you reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of
                  interest between you and the Corporation in the conduct of the
                  defense of the action; or

         (c)      the Corporation in fact will not have employed counsel to
                  assume the defense of the action;

                                        5

<PAGE>



in each of these cases the fees and expenses of counsel will be at the expense
of the Corporation. The Corporation will not be entitled to assume your defense
in any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Corporation or as to which you
will have made the conclusion provided for in clause (b) above.

X.       INDEMNIFICATION - SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES

If a claim is asserted for indemnification against liabilities under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Acts) in
connection with the registration for sale of any securities of the Corporation
(other than a claim for the payment of expenses incurred in the successful
defense of any such Proceeding), you agree that it will not be a breach of this
Agreement for the Corporation to agree with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that, unless in the opinion of the Corporation's counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, the Corporation will submit to a
court of competent jurisdiction the question of whether or not such
indemnification by the Corporation is against public policy as expressed in the
Acts, and the Corporation will be governed by the final adjudication of the
issue.

XI.      NO PERSONAL LIABILITY

You agree that neither the shareholders nor the directors nor any officer,
employee, representative or agent of the Corporation will be personally liable
for the satisfaction of the Corporation's obligations under this Agreement, and
you will look solely to the assets of the Corporation for satisfaction of any
claims hereunder.

XII.     CONTINUING RIGHTS

Your rights and the obligations of the Corporation under this Agreement will
continue in full force and effect despite any subsequent amendment or
modification of the Corporation's Bylaws as in effect on the date hereof, or any
subsequent action by the directors or shareholders of the Corporation.

XIII.    DURATION OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement will continue until and terminate upon the later of:

         (a)      10 years after the date that you cease to serve as a director,
                  officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Corporation or of
                  any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
                  employee benefit plan or other enterprise for which you served
                  as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary at the
                  request of the Corporation; or

         (b)      the final termination of all pending Proceedings for which
                  rights of indemnification or advancement of expenses are
                  granted under this Agreement.

XIV.     GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement will be construed and interpreted and the rights of the Parties
hereunder will be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware without giving

                                        6

<PAGE>


effect to principles of conflicts of law. The rights provided to you under this
Agreement will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to indemnity to which
you may be or become entitled in connection with your service as a director or
officer of the Corporation.

XV.      SEVERABILITY

The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if for any reason any
provision or portion hereof is held illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such
determination will not affect any other provision or portion of this Agreement
or any rights existing otherwise than under this Agreement.

XVI.     SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties
hereto and their respective heirs, executors, personal representatives,
successors and assigns.

COMERICA INCORPORATED


By:
Name:      George W. Madison
Its:       Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
           Corporate Secretary

Accepted by:


[DIRECTOR OR OFFICER]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
