<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tmkassetpurchagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH-2 TELMARK AGREEMENT DEC 20, 2002
<TEXT>

                                  EXHIBIT 2(a)

<PAGE>










                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


                          DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20, 2002


                                  BY AND AMONG

                       WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.

                                   AGWAY INC.

                                  TELMARK, LLC

                          TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC

                         TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC

                                       AND

                        TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.









<PAGE>









         THIS ASSET PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (this  "AGREEMENT") is made and entered
into as of the 20th day of December,  2002,  by and among WELLS FARGO  FINANCIAL
LEASING, INC., an Iowa corporation  ("BUYER");  TELMARK, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability  company  ("TELMARK");  the  following  wholly owned  subsidiaries  of
Telmark:  TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC, a Delaware limited  liability  company,
TELMARK  LEASE  FUNDING III,  LLC, a Delaware  limited  liability  company,  and
TELEASE FINANCIAL  SERVICES,  LTD., an Ontario  corporation  (collectively,  the
"SUBSIDIARIES"  and, together with Telmark,  collectively  referred to herein as
"SELLER");  and Agway  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation  and the owner of all the
issued and  outstanding  limited  liability  interests  (within  the  meaning of
Section  18-701 of the Delaware  Limited  Liability  Company Act, as amended) of
Telmark  ("AGWAY").  Buyer,  Agway and Seller may be  referred  to herein as the
"PARTIES."

         WHEREAS,  Seller is engaged in the  business  of  providing  customized
lease  financing  for  equipment,  buildings and vehicles for  agricultural  and
commercial use (the "BUSINESS"); and

         WHEREAS,  Seller desires to sell and assign to Buyer, and Buyer desires
to purchase and assume from Seller both directly and through certain Affiliates,
on the  terms  and  subject  to the  conditions  set  forth  in this  Agreement,
substantially all of the assets and certain  liabilities of Seller in connection
with the Business;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in exchange for the mutual  promises  and  agreements
hereinafter set forth, and in consideration of the  representations,  warranties
and covenants  contained herein,  and intending to be legally bound hereby,  the
Parties hereby covenant and agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. The following terms used in this Agreement have
                    -----------
 the meanings set forth below:

         "ACCOUNTING FIRM" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(f) below.

         "ACQUIRED ASSETS" means all assets (for clarity, specifically including
the contra asset  account  known as allowance for losses) of Seller set forth on
the  Final  Closing   Statement  of  Assets  and  Liabilities  and  specifically
including,  without limitation,  all Leases (and rights thereunder),  all Leased
Property and all miscellaneous rights and assets of the Business, whether or not
recorded on the Final Closing  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities  (including,
without  limitation,  any and all Intellectual  Property  Rights,  Domain Names,
Lease  Documents,  Third  Party  Contracts,  lockboxes,  certificates  of title,
mortgages,  commodity  assignments,  Uniform Commercial Code filings,  rights in
security  deposits held in connection  with Leases or any other Acquired  Asset,
and rights to recovery by Seller arising out of collection litigation related to
the Business  that is pending as of or commenced  after the Closing Date (except
for rights to recovery under Leases in Defensive  Litigation),  and specifically
excluding the Excluded Assets.


<PAGE>

         "ADJUSTMENT DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(f) below.

         "ADJUSTMENTS  RESERVE  HOLDBACK"  has the  meaning set forth in Section
2(h)(b) below.

         "ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES" means all actions, suits,  proceedings,  claims,
demands, judgments, damages, reasonable amounts paid in settlement, liabilities,
obligations, losses, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including court costs
and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses).

         "AFFILIATE"  has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act.

         "AGWAY  PETROLEUM HAULER  CONTRACTS"  means,  collectively,  all Leases
entered  into  between  Seller and  Obligors  which  provide  petroleum  hauling
services  to  Agway  or  any  Agway  Affiliate,  which  shall  include,  without
limitation, the Leases identified in Schedule 1 hereto.

         "ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS" means, collectively (a) the Assignments,  (b) the
Assumption,  (c) the Sublease Agreement,  (d) the Transition Services Agreement,
and (e) the Servicing Agreement.

         "ASSIGNMENTS" means the assignments referred to in Section 2(e)(iii)(A)
of this Agreement.

         "ASSUMED  LIABILITIES"  means (a) to the extent  reflected on the Final
Closing  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities,  all: (i) obligations  associated
with advance  payments and security  deposits  received by Seller in  connection
with Leases, (ii) liabilities included in Seller's general ledger account number
292800 titled "Other Liabilities - Other Reserves", provided that the balance of
said  account  shall be equal  to or  greater  than  Five  Hundred  Twenty-three
Thousand  Dollars   ($523,000.00),   and  (iii)  all  vendor  payables  directly
attributable  to the Acquired  Assets,  (b) all  obligations of Seller under the
Leases,  the Leased  Property,  the Third Party  Contracts,  the  Securitization
Agreements and the Intellectual  Property Rights,  and (c) personal property tax
Liabilities  relating to the Leases and Leased  Property  but only to the extent
that such tax relates to the twelve (12) month period immediately  preceding the
Closing Date; but specifically excluding the Excluded Liabilities.

         "ASSUMPTION" means the assumption referred to in Section 2(e)(iv)(A) of
this Agreement.

         "BANKRUPTCY  COURT" means the United  States  Bankruptcy  Court for the
Northern District of New York in which Agway's  proceeding under Title 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code is pending.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         "BHC ACT" means the United States Bank Holding Company Act.

         "BUYER" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

         "BUYER AFFILIATES" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) below.

         "BUYER'S  EMPLOYEE  BENEFITS"  has the  meaning  set  forth in  Section
6(c)(iii)(A) below.

         "CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i)
below.

         "CLOSING" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) below.

         "CLOSING DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) below.

         "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         "COMPETITIVE  BUSINESS"  has the meaning  set forth in Section  6(d)(i)
below.

         "CONFIDENTIALITY  AGREEMENT"  has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)
below.

         "DOMAIN NAMES" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(o) below.

         "EMPLOYEE   BENEFIT   PLAN"   means  any  (a)   nonqualified   deferred
compensation  or  retirement  plan  or   arrangement,   (b)  qualified   defined
contribution  retirement  plan which is an Employee  Pension  Benefit Plan,  (c)
qualified  defined benefit  retirement plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit
Plan (including any Multiemployer Plan) or (d) Employee Welfare Benefit Plan.

         "EMPLOYEE  PENSION  BENEFIT  PLAN" has the  meaning  set forth in ERISA
Section 3(2).

         "EMPLOYEE  WELFARE  BENEFIT  PLAN" has the  meaning  set forth in ERISA
Section 3(1).

         "ENVIRONMENTAL  LAWS"  means all  applicable  federal,  state and local
laws, rules and regulations,  orders, decrees,  judgments,  permits and licenses
relating to the  protection  or clean-up of the  environment  and  activities or
conditions related thereto, including, without limitation, those relating to the
generation,   handling,   disposal,   transportation  or  release  of  hazardous
materials.

         "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

         "ESTIMATED  PURCHASE  PRICE" has the meaning set forth in Section  2(c)
below.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

         "EXCLUDED ASSETS" means:

          (a)  corporate  charters,  qualifications  to  conduct  business  as a
               foreign corporation, arrangements with registered agents relating
               to  foreign  qualifications,  taxpayer  and other  identification
               numbers,  seals,  minute books, stock transfer books, blank stock
               certificates,  and other documents  relating to the organization,
               maintenance, and existence of Seller;

          (b)  all stock (or any ownership interest in) the Subsidiaries;

          (c)  any of the rights of Seller  under this  Agreement  (or under any
               supplemental  agreement  between Seller and Buyer entered into on
               or after the date of this Agreement);

          (d)  rights  of  Seller  or  any  Affiliates  under  any  governmental
               license, permit or authorization;

          (e)  any rights to  insurance  (or proceeds of  insurance)  for claims
               arising  out of or related to  Liabilities  (other  than  Assumed
               Liabilities);

          (f)  all Tax-related assets (including claims or rights to any refunds
               of Taxes and any  deferred  Income Tax assets),  except  personal
               property  tax  receivables  related  to  the  Leases  and  Leased
               Property but only to the extent that such tax receivable  relates
               to the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Closing
               Date;

          (g)  all  Leases  in  Defensive  Litigation  and the  Leased  Property
               applicable thereto;

          (h)  all Leases  between  Seller and any  Affiliate  of Seller and the
               Leased Property applicable thereto;

          (i)  all Agway  Petroleum  Hauler  Contracts  and the Leased  Property
               applicable thereto;

          (j)  all Third Party  Contracts  listed in Schedule  4(e)-2,  attached
               hereto and made part hereof;

          (k)  all   cash   accounts/balances   other   than   restricted   cash
               specifically related to the Securitization Transactions;

          (l)  any and all asset  balances  related to the  LeasePak  conversion
               (including,   without   limitation,   accounts   receivables  and
               capitalized costs);

                                       4
<PAGE>

          (m)  all capitalized debt issuance costs not specifically attributable
               to the Securitization Transactions;

          (n)  prepaid postage;

          (o)  receivables  from,  and Leases with,  Seller's  employees and the
               Leased Property applicable thereto;

          (p)  the equity interest in CoBank currently owned by Seller;

          (q)  all of the  Rejected  Leases and the Leased  Property  applicable
               thereto;

          (r)  all of the Progress  Payment Leases rejected  pursuant to Section
               2(i)(ii) and the Leased Property applicable thereto; and

          (s)  all of the Leases  referred  to in  Schedule  4(h) and the Leased
               Property applicable thereto.

         "EXCLUDED LIABILITIES" means:

          (a)  any  Liability  of  Seller  for costs and  expenses  incurred  in
               connection with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated
               hereby  (including,  without  limitation,  as provided in Section
               7(h) below);

          (b)  any intercompany debt owed by Seller to an Affiliate thereof;

          (c)  any Liability or  obligation  of Seller under this  Agreement (or
               under any supplemental  agreement by and between Buyer and Seller
               entered into on or after the date of this Agreement);

          (d)  Liabilities in connection with Leases in Defensive Litigation;

          (e)  all unaccrued and/or undisclosed Liabilities;

          (f)  all Liabilities retained by Seller under Section 6(c) hereof;

          (g)  all  Tax-related  Liabilities  for (1) any taxable year or period
               that ends on or before the Closing  Date and (2) with  respect to
               any taxable year or period  beginning before and ending after the
               Closing  Date,  the portion of such taxable year or period ending
               on and including the Closing Date,  except for personal  property
               tax Liabilities  related to the Leases or the Leased Property but
               only to the extent that such tax relates to the twelve (12) month
               period immediately preceding the Closing Date;

          (h)  all  deferred  Income Tax  Liabilities  and the  contingency  Tax
               reserves reflected in Accounts 291600 and 291800 of Seller's book
               and records;

                                       5
<PAGE>

          (i)  Liabilities  in  connection  with Leases  between  Seller and any
               Affiliate of Seller;

          (j)  Liabilities in connection with Agway Petroleum Hauler Contracts;

          (k)  Liabilities in connection with the Third Party  Contracts  listed
               in Schedule 4(e)-2;

          (l)  Liabilities in connection with any True Lease Guaranty;

          (m)  Liabilities  under  any   Environmental   Laws  or  otherwise  in
               connection with any environmental  hazard or condition associated
               with any Acquired Asset;

          (n)  Liabilities in connection with the Rejected Leases; and

          (o)  Liabilities  in  connection  with  the  Progress  Payment  Leases
               rejected pursuant to Section 2(i)(ii).

         "EXECUTIVE  OFFICER" means an "officer" as such term is defined in Rule
16a-1 of the regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.

         "FINAL  CLOSING   STATEMENT  OF  ASSETS  AND  LIABILITIES"   means  the
consolidated  statement of assets and  liabilities  of the Seller as of the last
day of the month in which all  conditions to the  obligations  of the Parties to
consummate the transactions  contemplated  hereby have been satisfied or waived,
which shall be prepared by Buyer in the same manner as the  Statements of Assets
and  Liabilities,  except as limited or  restricted or modified by Sections 2(f)
and 5(a) hereof.

         "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

         "GOVERNMENTAL  ENTITY" has the  meaning set forth in Section  3(a)(iii)
below.

         "GROSS  FINANCE  RECEIVABLES"  means the total gross  amount of Obligor
payments due now and in the future for all Leases  managed in the Business.  For
the sake of clarity, the term "Gross Finance Receivables" shall include, without
limitation,  residuals,  but no  deduction  shall be made for  unearned  finance
charges.

         "HART-SCOTT-RODINO   ACT"   means   the   Hart-Scott-Rodino   Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

         "INCOME  TAX" means any  federal,  foreign,  state or local income Tax,
including any interest, penalty or addition thereto, whether disputed or not.

                                       6
<PAGE>

         "INCOME TAX RETURN" means any return,  declaration,  report,  claim for
refund or information  return or statement  relating to Income Taxes,  including
any schedule or attachment thereto.

         "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section 9(d) below.

         "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section 9(d) below.

         "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  RIGHTS" means,  collectively,  all Proprietary
Intellectual Property and all Other Intellectual Property Rights.

         "IRS" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

         "LEASE" means, collectively,  all lease agreements,  rental agreements,
master  lease or  rental  agreements,  conditional  sales  agreements,  loan and
security  agreements  and  promissory  notes,  however  titled,  with respect to
equipment or other property owned and/or provided by Seller, each evidencing the
payment  obligation  of an  Obligor  and  entered  into with  respect to a Lease
Transaction  (including,  without  limitation,  those  which  have  been  or are
charged-off  by Seller),  together with all schedules,  supplements  and addenda
relative to any of the foregoing.

         "LEASE  DOCUMENTS" means all agreements,  arrangements,  understandings
and  documents  entered into in connection  with or otherwise  applicable to any
Lease  Transaction,   including  without   limitation,   all  Leases  and  other
agreements,   delivery  and  acceptance  certificates,   assignment  agreements,
waivers,  Uniform Commercial Code filings,  warranties and guarantees,  together
with all schedules, supplements and addenda relative to any of the foregoing.

         "LEASE NET  INVESTMENT"  means,  with  respect to a given  Lease,  that
amount of the Portfolio Net Investment attributable to the Lease.

         "LEASE  PAYOFF  AMOUNT" has the  meaning set forth in Section  4(g)(xv)
below.

         "LEASES IN DEFENSIVE  LITIGATION"  means all those Leases  and/or Lease
Transactions  involved in  litigation  wherein  Telmark or any other Seller is a
defendant,  or wherein a counterclaim  has been asserted  against Telmark or any
other Seller, as listed in Appendix A, which appendix shall be updated as of the
Closing Date.

         "LEASE TRANSACTION" means any lease or financing  arrangement  provided
by Seller with respect to any type of equipment  or property and  regardless  of
whether the transaction takes the form of a lease agreement, a conditional sales
agreement,  loan and security  agreement,  promissory note or other form,  under
which Seller is the lessor, seller, lender, secured party or assignee thereof.

         "LEASED  PREMISES"  means the premises to be leased by Buyer from Agway
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Sublease Agreement.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         "LEASED  PROPERTY" means all buildings,  equipment,  vehicles and other
property leased, rented or otherwise provided pursuant to a Lease.

         "LEASE IN PROCESS"  has the  meaning  set forth in Section  4(g)(xviii)
below.

         "LIABILITY"  means any  liability  (whether  known or unknown,  whether
asserted or  unasserted,  whether  absolute or  contingent,  whether  accrued or
unaccrued,  whether  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  and whether due or to become
due.)

         "LIBOR"  means the offered rate for deposits in United  States  Dollars
(rounded upwards,  if necessary,  to the nearest sixteenth (1/16) of one percent
(1.00%)) for an interest period of one month which appears on the Reuters Screen
LIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on each business day.

         "LIEN" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance,  charge, or other
security  interest,  other  than (a)  liens for  property  taxes not yet due and
payable or for  property  taxes that the  taxpayer is  contesting  in good faith
through an  appropriate  proceeding and (b) rights to use or ownership of assets
provided by the Lease Documents.

         "MATERIAL  ADVERSE  EFFECT" OR "MATERIAL  ADVERSE  CHANGE" means,  with
respect to Seller,  a material  adverse  effect on or change to (as the case may
be) the business or financial condition of Seller.

         "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(37).

         "MOST RECENT  STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND  LIABILITIES" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4(b) below.

         "OBLIGOR(S)"  means, with respect to any Lease, the Person(s) obligated
to make payments with respect to such Lease,  including without limitation,  any
guarantor thereof.

         "ORDINARY  COURSE OF BUSINESS"  means the  ordinary  course of business
consistent with past practice.

         "OTHER  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  RIGHTS"  has the  meaning  set forth in
Section 4(m) below.

         "PARTY" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

         "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

         "PERSON" means an individual, a partnership,  a corporation,  a limited
liability  company,  an  association,  a joint stock  company,  a trust, a joint
venture, an unincorporated organization or a Governmental Entity.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         "PORTFOLIO NET INVESTMENT" means the Gross Finance  Receivables reduced
by unearned finance charges.

         "PRELIMINARY  CLOSING  STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND  LIABILITIES"  means the
consolidated  statement of assets and liabilities of Seller as of the end of the
last day of the  month  that is two (2)  months  prior to the month in which the
Closing  takes place (for example,  if the Closing Date were March 1, 2003,  the
statement  would be based upon Seller's  assets and liabilities as of the end of
January  31,  2003),  which will be prepared by Seller in the same manner as the
Statements  of  Assets  and  Liabilities,  adjusted  for the net  cash  activity
resulting from receivable payment receipts less receivable disbursement fundings
during the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the Closing Date, except
as limited or restricted or modified by Sections 2(f) and 5(a) hereof.

         "PRIMARY RESERVE HOLDBACK" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(h)(a)
below.

         "PROGRESS   PAYMENT  LEASE"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section
4(g)(xviii) below.

         "PROPRIETARY  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY"  has the  meaning  set  forth  in
Section 4(m) below.

         "PURCHASE PRICE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(c) below.

         "REJECTED LEASES" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(i)(i) below.

         "RETAINED  EMPLOYEES"  has the meaning set forth in Section  6(c)(i)(A)
below.

         "RETENTION  BONUS  AGREEMENT" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i)
below.

         "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         "SECURITIZATION  AGREEMENTS"  has the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section
4(n)(i) below.

         "SECURITIZATION  TRANSACTIONS"  has the  meaning  set forth in  Section
4(n)(i) below.

         "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         "SELLER" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

         "SELLER PERMITS" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d) below.

         "SERVICING  AGREEMENT" means a Servicing  Agreement relative to Buyer's
servicing  of those  Leases  which are not  acquired  by Buyer  pursuant to this
Agreement.

                                       9
<PAGE>

         "STATEMENTS  OF ASSETS AND  LIABILITIES"  has the  meaning set forth in
Section 4(b) below.

         "SUBLEASE  AGREEMENT"  means a Sublease  Agreement  relative to Buyer's
occupation  of a portion of the real property  located at 333  Butternut  Drive,
Dewitt, New York .

         "SUBSIDIARIES" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.

         "TAX" or "TAXES" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)(i) below.

         "TAX RETURN" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)(ii) below.

         "TERMINATION  WINDOW"  has the  meaning  set forth in Section  10(a)(v)
below.

         "THIRD PARTY CLAIM" has the meaning set forth in Section 9(d)(i) below.

         "THIRD  PARTY  CONTRACTS"  has the  meaning  set forth in Section  4(e)
below.

         "TRANSFERRED EMPLOYEES" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(i)(B)
below.

         "TRANSITION  SERVICES  AGREEMENT" means a Transition Services Agreement
relative to services to be provided by Agway to Buyer after the Closing.

         "TREASURY  REGULATIONS"  means the rules  and  regulations  promulgated
under the Code.

         "TRUE  LEASE  GUARANTY"  means any oral or written  tax,  true lease or
other guaranty,  however  titled,  given to an Obligor by or on behalf of Seller
and/or Agway relative to the tax treatment  associated  with any Leased Property
or any Lease or amounts expended by an Obligor thereunder.

         "WARN ACT" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(vi) below.

         "WORKER SAFETY LAWS" means all applicable federal, state or local laws,
rules and regulations, orders, decrees, judgments, permits and licenses relating
to public and worker health and safety.

         SECTION 2.  PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS; OTHER CLOSING TRANSACTIONS.
                     -------------------------------------------------------

         (a)  Purchase  and Sale of  Assets.  On and  subject  to the  terms and
              -----------------------------
conditions of this Agreement,  Buyer agrees to purchase and as applicable  cause
certain of its Affiliates (the "BUYER  AFFILIATES") to purchase from Seller, and
Seller  agrees to sell,  transfer,  convey,  and  deliver to Buyer and the Buyer
Affiliates,  all of the Acquired  Assets at the Closing for an aggregate  amount
equal to the Purchase Price.

                                       10
<PAGE>

         (b)  Assumption  of  Liabilities.  On  and  subject  to the  terms  and
              ---------------------------
conditions  of this  Agreement,  Buyer agrees to assume and become  responsible,
together with the Buyer  Affiliates,  for all of the Assumed  Liabilities at the
Closing.  Neither  Buyer  nor any  Buyer  Affiliate  will  assume  or  have  any
responsibility  with respect to any other  Liability or obligation of Seller not
included in the definition of Assumed Liabilities.

         (c) Purchase  Price.  The purchase price (the  "PURCHASE  PRICE") to be
             ---------------
paid by Buyer to Seller  shall be equal to the  tangible  net book  value of the
Acquired  Assets  reported  on  the  Final  Closing   Statement  of  Assets  and
Liabilities,  less the book value of the  Assumed  Liabilities  reported  on the
Final Closing  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities,  less Four Million  Dollars
($4,000,000.00).  In addition,  if the delinquency  percentage for the Portfolio
Net  Investment  which are sixty (60) or more days  contractually  delinquent is
greater than one and  seventy-four  hundredths  percent (1.74%) of the Portfolio
Net  Investment  (which   percentage  shall  be  calculated   consistently  with
information provided Buyer by Seller during Buyer's due diligence), the Purchase
Price will be reduced in relation to the number of basis points in excess of one
and  seventy-four  hundredths  percent (1.74%) as follows:  (i) if the excess is
less than  twenty-six  (26) basis points,  the Purchase Price  reduction will be
equal  to  one-quarter  percent  (0.25%)  of  the  then-current   Portfolio  Net
Investment;  (ii) if the excess is  twenty-six  (26) to fifty (50) basis points,
the Purchase Price  reduction will be equal to one-half  percent  (0.50%) of the
then-current Portfolio Net Investment;  (iii) if the excess is fifty-one (51) to
seventy-five  (75) basis points,  the Purchase Price  reduction will be equal to
three-quarters percent (0.75%) of the then-current Portfolio Net Investment; and
(iv)  without  limiting  Section  5(a)(1)(x),  if the  excess  is  greater  than
seventy-five (75) basis points,  such excess shall constitute a Material Adverse
Change.

         The Purchase Price will be calculated by Seller on a preliminary  basis
(the "ESTIMATED  PURCHASE  PRICE") at Closing based on the  Preliminary  Closing
Statement of Assets and Liabilities which Seller shall provide to Buyer five (5)
business  days prior to the Closing.  The method for  calculating  the Estimated
Purchase Price and the Purchase Price is set forth in Exhibit A hereto;  for the
avoidance  of doubt,  an example of the  application  of that method to Seller's
balance sheet dated as of September 30, 2002 is set forth therein. The Estimated
Purchase Price is subject to post-Closing adjustment as provided in Section 2(f)
based upon the Final Closing Statement of Assets and Liabilities.  The Estimated
Purchase  Price,  less the  Primary  Reserve  Holdback  as set forth in  Section
2(h)(a)  below and the  Adjustments  Reserve  Holdback  as set forth in  Section
2(h)(b)  below,  shall be paid at Closing by  Buyer's  delivery  of cash by wire
transfer to one or more bank  accounts,  or otherwise,  in  accordance  with the
settlement  statement  executed  and  delivered  by Seller to Buyer  pursuant to
Section 8(a)(xii) below.

         (d) The Closing.  The closing of the transactions  contemplated by this
             -----------
Agreement (the "CLOSING")  shall take place at the offices of Seller's  counsel,
Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP, 1275  Pennsylvania  Avenue,  N.W.,  Washington,
D.C.,  commencing at 9:00 a.m. local time on the first business day of the month
immediately  following the month in which all  conditions to the  obligations of
the  Parties  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  have been


                                       11
<PAGE>

satisfied  or  waived  (other  than  conditions  with  respect  to  actions  the
respective Parties will take at the Closing itself), or such other date and time
as the Parties may mutually determine (the "CLOSING DATE").

         (e)  Deliveries  at the Closing.  At the Closing,  (i) Agway and Seller
              --------------------------
will  deliver to Buyer the  various  certificates,  instruments,  and  documents
referred to in Section  8(a) below;  (ii) Buyer will deliver to Agway and Seller
the various certificates, instruments, and documents referred to in Section 8(b)
below;  (iii)  with  respect  to  the  Acquired  Assets,  Seller  will  execute,
acknowledge (if  appropriate),  and deliver to Buyer (A) assignments  (including
any applicable real property and Intellectual  Property  transfer  documents) in
such  form(s) as may be  hereafter  agreed upon by Buyer and Seller  pursuant to
Section 12(a) of this Agreement,  (B) such other instruments of sale,  transfer,
conveyance,  and  assignment  as Buyer and its  counsel  reasonably  may request
(including,  without limitation,  mortgage and UCC-3 assignments),  and (C) such
other instruments and documents as Buyer and its counsel  reasonably may request
(including,  without limitation,  powers of attorney);  (iv) Buyer will execute,
acknowledge  (if  appropriate),  and deliver to Seller (A) an assumption in such
form as may be  hereafter  agreed  upon by Buyer and Seller  pursuant to Section
12(a) of this Agreement,  and (B) such other instruments of assumption as Seller
and its counsel reasonably may request; and (v) Buyer will deliver to Seller the
consideration specified in Section 2(c) above.

         (f) Post-Closing Adjustment to Estimated Purchase Price. Not later than
             ---------------------------------------------------
sixty (60) days  following  the  Closing,  Buyer shall cause to be prepared  and
delivered  to Seller a Final  Closing  Statement  of Assets and  Liabilities  as
modified and limited by Section 5(a) hereof and prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently  applied  and on a basis  consistent  with the  preparation  of the
Preliminary  Closing  Statement  of Assets  and  Liabilities,  and  Buyer  shall
calculate the Purchase  Price based upon the Final  Closing  Statement of Assets
and Liabilities  and all of the adjustments set forth in this Agreement.  Seller
shall  provide  Buyer  with  such  assistance  as may be  requested  by Buyer in
connection  with the  preparation  of the Final Closing  Statement of Assets and
Liabilities. Seller, if it disputes the calculation of the Purchase Price or the
Final Closing Statement of Assets and Liabilities, shall notify Buyer in writing
within thirty (30) days after  receipt of the Final Closing  Statement of Assets
and  Liabilities and Purchase Price  computation,  which notice shall specify in
reasonable  detail each  adjustment  proposed  by Seller.  If Seller does not so
notify  Buyer,  then  the  Purchase  Price  shall  be as set  forth  on  Buyer's
computation.  If Seller  gives notice of any  proposed  adjustments,  during the
thirty (30) day period following the date of such notice, Seller and Buyer shall
attempt to resolve the appropriateness of such proposed  adjustments.  If at the
end of such thirty (30) day period Seller and Buyer shall have failed to reach a
written  agreement with respect to all such proposed  adjustments,  the proposed
adjustments  remaining  in  dispute  shall  be  referred  to  arbitration  to an
accounting firm mutually acceptable to Buyer and Seller. If Buyer and Seller are
unable to agree on an accounting firm, a nationally  recognized  accounting firm
shall  be  chosen  by  lot by  Buyer  and  Seller  (other  than  KPMG,  LLP  and
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP) to determine the  appropriateness  of the remaining
proposed adjustments. Such agreed upon or chosen (as the case may be) accounting
firm may be hereinafter referred to as the "ACCOUNTING FIRM". The adjustments so
determined by written  agreement of Seller and Buyer or by  arbitration,  as the


                                       12
<PAGE>

case may be, shall be reflected in the final Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  if the  aggregate of all amounts in dispute with respect to all good
faith  disputes  referred to in this Section 2.5(f) shall be less than $100,000,
such disputes shall not be resolved by the Accounting Firm (as set forth in this
Section  2.5(f)),  but shall  instead be resolved as follows:  (x) fifty percent
(50%) of the  aggregate  of all amounts in dispute  shall be deemed to have been
resolved in Seller's favor,  and (y) fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate of all
amounts in dispute shall be deemed to have been resolved in Buyer's  favor.  The
date that the Purchase Price is finally  determined means the "ADJUSTMENT DATE."
The costs of the  Accounting  Firm shall be borne by the party whose position is
not supported by the Accounting Firm's final determination,  or equally by Buyer
and Seller if the Accounting  Firm's final  determination  of the Purchase Price
supports  neither  Buyer's nor Seller's  position,  and each of Buyer and Seller
will promptly provide such information to the Accounting Firm as such firm shall
request.

         (g) Payment of Purchase Price Adjustments.  If the final Purchase Price
             -------------------------------------
exceeds the Estimated Purchase Price, Buyer shall pay such excess, together with
interest  thereon  from the  Closing  Date to the date such  excess is paid at a
fluctuating  rate per annum which at all times shall be equal to the LIBOR as in
effect from  time-to-time,  within seven (7) days after the Adjustment  Date, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds, to such bank account in the United
States as Seller shall designate;  provided that Buyer shall withhold  therefrom
and place in the Primary Reserve Holdback an amount equal to one percent (1.00%)
of such  excess  amount.  If the  Estimated  Purchase  Price  exceeds  the final
Purchase Price, (i) Seller shall pay such excess, together with interest thereon
from the Closing Date to the date such excess is paid at a fluctuating  rate per
annum  which  at all  times  shall  be equal  to the  LIBOR  as in  effect  from
time-to-time,  within seven (7) days after the Adjustment Date, by wire transfer
of  immediately  available  funds,  to such bank account in the United States as
Buyer shall  designate,  and (ii) Buyer shall withdraw from the Primary  Reserve
Holdback  and pay to Seller  an  amount  equal to one  percent  (1.00%)  of such
excess.

         (h) Primary Reserve Holdback and Adjustments  Reserve  Holdback.  Buyer
             -----------------------------------------------------------
shall hold back from the  Estimated  Purchase  Price (a) an amount  equal to one
percent  (1.00%)  thereof,  and shall place said  amount in a reserve  fund (the
"PRIMARY  RESERVE   HOLDBACK")  which  shall  be  established,   maintained  and
administered as set forth herein and pursuant to Addendum 1, attached hereto and
made a part hereof,  and (b) an amount equal to one-half  percent (0.50%) of the
Estimated  Purchase  Price,  and shall place said amount in a reserve  fund (the
"ADJUSTMENTS  RESERVE  HOLDBACK")  which shall be  established,  maintained  and
administered as set forth herein and pursuant to Addendum 2, attached hereto and
made a part hereof.

         (i) Pre-Closing Review of Certain Leases.
             ------------------------------------

                  (i) Post June 30, 2002 Leases.  From the date hereof until the
                      -------------------------
         Closing Date, Buyer shall be entitled to perform  additional  review of
         Leases  approved,  entered into,  acquired and/or extended or otherwise
         modified  by  Seller  on or after  July 1,  2002.  In the  event  Buyer
         determines,  in its sole  discretion,  that any of such Leases were not
         made in Seller's ordinary course of business or otherwise do not comply


                                       13
<PAGE>

         with  Seller's  stated  credit  policies,  Buyer may, at any time on or
         before the sixth (6) day immediately preceding the Closing Date, notify
         Seller in  writing  (which  writing  shall  specifically  identify  the
         deficiency  identified  by Buyer) that Buyer has  rejected the relevant
         Leases (the Leases so rejected, if any, may be collectively referred to
         as the "REJECTED LEASES").

                  (ii)  Progress  Payment  Leases.  At any time on or before the
                        -------------------------
         sixth (6th) day immediately  preceding the Closing Date,  Buyer may, in
         its sole  discretion,  reject in writing  any or all  Progress  Payment
         Leases.

         SECTION 3.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE TRANSACTION.
                     ---------------------------------------------------------

         (a) Representations  and Warranties  Regarding Seller and Agway. Seller
             -----------------------------------------------------------
and Agway,  jointly  and  severally,  hereby  represent  and warrant to Buyer as
follows:

                  (i)  Organization.  Agway  is a  corporation  duly  organized,
                       ------------
         validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of
         Delaware.  Telmark  is a  limited  liability  company  duly  organized,
         validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of
         Delaware and has the  requisite  limited  liability  company  power and
         authority  to  carry  on its  business  as now  being  conducted.  Each
         Subsidiary  is duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good standing
         under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the
         requisite corporate (in the case of a Subsidiary that is a corporation)
         or other  power and  authority  to carry on its  business  as now being
         conducted.  Telmark and each of the  Subsidiaries are duly qualified to
         do business,  and are in good standing,  in each jurisdiction where the
         character of their  properties  owned or held under lease or the nature
         of their activities makes such qualification necessary.

                  (ii) Authority.  Seller and Agway have all requisite corporate
                       ---------
         or other  power  and  authority  to enter  into this  Agreement  and to
         consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  The execution and
         delivery of this Agreement by Seller and Agway and the  consummation by
         each of Seller and Agway of the transactions  contemplated  hereby have
         been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate or other action on the
         part of Seller and Agway.  This  Agreement  has been duly  executed and
         delivered by Seller and Agway,  and (assuming the valid  authorization,
         execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Buyer and the validity and
         binding  effect  hereof on  Buyer)  constitutes  the valid and  legally
         binding  obligation  of Seller and Agway,  enforceable  against each of
         Seller  and  Agway  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  except  as  such
         enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
         moratorium  and other similar laws  relating to or limiting  creditors'
         rights generally and by general principles of equity and public policy.

                  (iii) Consents and Approvals; No Violation.  Assuming that all
                        ------------------------------------
         consents,  approvals,  authorizations and other actions described below


                                       14
<PAGE>

         in this  Section  3(a)(iii)  or in Schedule  3(a)(iii)  relative to any
         Government  Entity have been  obtained and all filings and  obligations
         described  below in this  Section  3(a)(iii)  or in Schedule  3(a)(iii)
         relative  to any  Government  Entity  have  been  made,  and  except as
         described in Schedule  3(a)(iii),  the  execution  and delivery of this
         Agreement by each of Seller and Agway does not, and the consummation of
         the transactions contemplated hereby and compliance with the provisions
         hereof by Seller and Agway  will not,  result in any  violation  of, or
         default (with or without  notice or lapse of time,  or both) under,  or
         give to others a right of termination,  cancellation or acceleration of
         any obligation or the loss of a material  benefit  under,  or result in
         the creation of any Lien upon any of the  Acquired  Assets  under,  any
         provision  of (i) the  charter or bylaws of Telmark or Agway,  (ii) any
         provision of the comparable charter or organization documents of any of
         the  Subsidiaries,  (iii) any loan or  credit  agreement,  note,  bond,
         mortgage,  indenture,  lease or other  agreement,  instrument,  permit,
         concession,  franchise or license  applicable to Agway or Seller (other
         than the Lease Documents) or (iv) any judgment, order, decree, statute,
         law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Agway or Seller or any
         of their  respective  properties or assets.  No filing or  registration
         with,  or  authorization,  consent or approval of, any United States or
         Canadian federal, state or provincial court,  commission,  governmental
         body,  regulatory agency,  authority or tribunal (each, a "GOVERNMENTAL
         ENTITY")  is  required  by or  with  respect  to  Agway  or  Seller  in
         connection  with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Agway
         and Seller or is necessary  for the  consummation  of the  transactions
         contemplated  by this  Agreement,  except for (i) in connection,  or in
         compliance, with the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or the BHC
         Act, (ii) such filings as may be required in connection  with the Taxes
         described  in  Section 7, (iii) such  filings  and  consents  as may be
         required  under  federal and state  finance,  lending and banking laws,
         (iv) approval by the  Bankruptcy  Court,  and (v) such other  consents,
         orders,   authorizations,   registrations,   declarations  and  filings
         identified in Schedule 3(a)(iii).

                  (iv)  Brokers.  No broker,  investment  banker or other person
                        -------
         (other than Goldman Sachs & Co., the fees and expenses of which will be
         paid by Seller) is entitled to any broker's,  finder's or other similar
         fee or commission in connection with the  transactions  contemplated by
         this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Agway or
         Seller.

         (b)  Representations  and  Warranties of Buyer.  Buyer  represents  and
              -----------------------------------------
warrants to Agway and Seller as follows:

                  (i)  Organization.  Buyer  is a  corporation  duly  organized,
                       -------------
         validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of
         Iowa.

                  (ii)  Authority.  Buyer has all requisite  corporate power and
                        ---------
         authority  to  enter  into  this   Agreement  and  to  consummate   the
         transactions  contemplated  hereby.  The execution and delivery of this
         Agreement by Buyer and the  consummation  by Buyer of the  transactions
         contemplated   hereby  have  been  duly  authorized  by  all  necessary


                                       15
<PAGE>

         corporate  action on the part of Buyer.  This  Agreement  has been duly
         executed and delivered by Buyer, and (assuming the valid authorization,
         execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement by Agway and Seller and the
         validity and binding effect hereof on Agway and Seller) constitutes the
         valid and legally  binding  obligation  of Buyer,  enforceable  against
         Buyer in accordance with its terms,  except as such  enforcement may be
         limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other
         similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally and by
         general principles of equity and public policy.

                  (iii) Consents and Approvals; No Violation.  Assuming that all
                        ------------------------------------
         consents,  approvals,  authorizations and other actions described below
         in this Section  3(b)(iii)  relative to any Government Entity have been
         obtained  and all  filings  and  obligations  described  below  in this
         Section 3(b)(iii) relative to any Government Entity have been made, the
         execution and delivery of this  Agreement do not, and the  consummation
         of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  compliance  with  the
         provisions  hereof  will not,  result in any  violation  of, or default
         (with or without  notice or lapse of time,  or both) under,  or give to
         others a right of  termination,  cancellation  or  acceleration  of any
         obligation or the loss of a material  benefit  under,  or result in the
         creation  of any Lien  upon any of the  properties  or assets of Seller
         under,  any  provision of (i) the charter or bylaws of Buyer,  (ii) any
         loan or credit agreement,  note, bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  lease or
         other agreement,  instrument, permit, concession,  franchise or license
         applicable to Buyer or (iii) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law,
         ordinance,  rule or regulation applicable to Buyer or its properties or
         assets. No filing or registration  with, or  authorization,  consent or
         approval of, any Governmental  Entity is required by or with respect to
         Buyer in connection  with the execution and delivery of this  Agreement
         by Buyer  or is  necessary  for the  consummation  of the  transactions
         contemplated  by this  Agreement,  except for (i) in connection,  or in
         compliance, with the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or the BHC
         Act, (ii) such filings as may be required in connection  with the Taxes
         described  in  Section 7, (iii) such  filings  and  consents  as may be
         required  under  federal  and state  commercial  finance,  lending  and
         banking  laws and (iv) such  other  consents,  orders,  authorizations,
         registrations,   declarations   and  filings   identified  in  Schedule
         3(b)(iii).

                  (iv) Brokers. No broker,  investment banker or other person is
                       -------
         entitled to any  broker's,  finder's or other similar fee or commission
         in connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement
         based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Buyer.

         SECTION 4.  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  CONCERNING  THE BUSINESS.
                     ----------------------------------------------------------
Agway and Seller, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to Buyer that the
statements  contained  in this  Section  4 are true and  correct  as of the date
hereof and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date.

                                       16
<PAGE>

         (a) Title to Acquired  Assets.  Except as set forth in  Schedule  4(a),
             -------------------------
Seller has good and  marketable  title to the  Acquired  Assets and to all other
properties and assets of Seller (including,  without limitation,  those shown on
the Most Recent  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities or acquired after the date
thereof,  except for properties and assets disposed of or repaid in the Ordinary
Course of  Business  since the date of the Most Recent  Statement  of Assets and
Liabilities), free and clear of all Liens, and a valid leasehold interest in the
leased  properties and leased  equipment  used by Seller in connection  with the
Business.

                  (b)  Financial  Information.  Included in  Schedule  4(b) is a
                       ----------------------
         statement of assets and  liabilities for Seller as of November 30, 2002
         (the "MOST RECENT STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND  LIABILITIES") and as of June
         30,  2002  (together  with the Most  Recent  Statement  of  Assets  and
         Liabilities, prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, the
         "STATEMENTS  OF  ASSETS  AND   LIABILITIES")   derived  from  Telmark's
         unaudited  consolidating balance sheets as of such date. The Statements
         of Assets and Liabilities have been prepared on a basis consistent with
         the financial  information provided to Buyer during due diligence.  All
         Acquired Assets which are either material or which would be required to
         be recorded on the books and records of Seller in accordance  with GAAP
         and  Seller's  past  accounting  practices,  are set  forth in the Most
         Recent  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities.  All Assumed  Liabilities
         which are  material  and which  would be required to be recorded on the
         books and records of Seller in  accordance  with GAAP and Seller's past
         accounting  practices,  are set forth in the Most Recent  Statement  of
         Assets and  Liabilities.  The Statements of Assets and  Liabilities are
         prepared in  accordance  with GAAP and are complete and accurate in all
         material  respects  and are  consistent  with the  internal  books  and
         records  of Seller.  Neither  the  Estimated  Purchase  Price,  nor the
         Purchase Price agreed upon or otherwise  determined pursuant to Section
         2(f),  includes  any amount  which is not  attributable  to an Acquired
         Asset.

         (c) Subsequent Events.  Except as set forth in Schedule 4(c), since the
             -----------------
date of the Most Recent Statement of Assets and Liabilities,  there has not been
any Material Adverse Change in the Business.

         (d) Permits and  Compliance.  Seller is in  possession of all licenses,
             -----------------------
grants, authorizations,  permits, easements,  variances,  exceptions,  consents,
certificates,  approvals  and orders of any  Governmental  Entity  necessary for
Seller to lease and operate its  properties or to carry on the Business as it is
now being  conducted  (the  "SELLER  PERMITS").  Except as set forth in Schedule
4(d), no suspension or  cancellation of any of the Seller Permits is pending or,
to the  knowledge of Seller,  threatened.  Seller is not in violation of (A) its
charter,  bylaws or other  organizational  documents,  (B) any  applicable  law,
ordinance,  administrative  or governmental rule or regulation or (C) any order,
decree or judgment of any Governmental  Entity having  jurisdiction over Seller.
Except as set forth in Schedule 4(d), no event of default or event that, but for
the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both,  would constitute an event of
default  exists under any indenture,  mortgage,  loan  agreement,  note or other
agreement or instrument  for borrowed  money,  any guarantee of any agreement or


                                       17
<PAGE>

instrument  for borrowed  money or any lease  (other than the Lease  Documents),
contractual  license or other agreement or instrument to which Seller is a party
or by  which  Seller  is  bound or to which  any of the  properties,  assets  or
operations of Seller is subject.

         (e) Contracts.  Schedule 4(e),  attached hereto and made a part hereof,
             ---------
lists all  written  contracts  and other  written  agreements,  other than Lease
Documents,  to  which  Seller  is a party,  including  without  limitation,  all
software licenses and assignments,  all other licenses and assignments  relative
to Intellectual  Property Rights,  and all vendor,  dealer and broker agreements
(collectively,  the "THIRD  PARTY  CONTRACTS").  Seller has  delivered  to Buyer
correct and complete copies of the Third Party Contracts listed on Schedule 4(e)
(as amended to date).  Buyer  shall,  within  twenty (20) days after the date of
this Agreement, identify on Schedule 4(e)-2 those Third Party Contracts which it
does not wish to acquire.  With respect to each Third Party  Contract not listed
in  Schedule  4(e)-2 and except as set forth in  Schedule  4(e),  as of the date
hereof:  (A) the agreement is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms
in all material  respects,  subject to  limitations as to  enforceability  which
might result from  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  moratorium,  and other similar laws
affecting creditor's rights generally and subject to the effect of public policy
and  general   principles  of  equity,   including   concepts  of   materiality,
reasonableness,  good  faith  and fair  dealing,  and  other  similar  doctrines
affecting the  enforceability  of agreements  generally;  (B) the agreement will
continue to be valid and  enforceable  to the same extent as described in clause
(A), and in full force and effect following the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby  (including the assignments and assumptions  referred to in
Section  2  above);  (C) no party is in  breach  or  default,  and no event  has
occurred  which,  with the  giving of notice,  the lapse of time or both,  would
constitute  a  breach  or  default,  or  permit  termination,  modification,  or
acceleration,  under the agreement, and (D) the written agreement(s) provided to
Buyer during due  diligence  relative  thereto is an exclusive  statement of the
terms and conditions of the agreement between the parties thereto.

         (f) Real Property.  Other than as set forth on Schedule 4(f) and except
             -------------
to the extent any Leased  Property  which is attached to real property  might be
considered  a  part  thereof,  Seller  owns  no  real  property  related  to the
operations of the Business. Schedule 4(f) attached hereto and made a part hereof
lists and  describes  briefly all real  property  leased or subleased to Seller,
relating to the  Business.  Seller is not a party to any written  real  property
lease or sublease agreement,  and all oral real property leases and subleases to
which  Seller is a party shall be  terminated  effective  as of Closing  without
penalty or further obligation on the part of Seller.

         (g) Lease Transactions and Lease Documents.
             --------------------------------------

                  (i)  Except  as set  forth in  Schedule  4(g)(i),  each  Lease
         constitutes a valid,  binding,  non-cancelable and enforceable  payment
         obligation of the Obligor in accordance with its terms,  and no Obligor
         is  bankrupt,  deceased or Out of Business as of the Closing  Date.  As
         used herein,  "OUT OF BUSINESS" shall mean, as to any Obligor,  its not
         actively engaging in or otherwise  conducting the business conducted by



                                       18
<PAGE>

         it as of the time it entered  into its Lease.  Each Lease  Document  is
         genuine, true and correct, and, to the extent applicable, has been duly
         executed by, and is binding and enforceable against, all of the parties
         thereto.

                  (ii) Except as set forth in Schedule 4(g)(ii),  each Lease was
         originated by Seller in the Ordinary Course of Business or, in the case
         of any Lease  purchased  by Seller,  was  acquired by Seller for proper
         consideration  and on arm's  length  terms and was validly  assigned to
         Seller by the originator of such Lease without recourse.

                  (iii) Each Lease contains customary and enforceable provisions
         adequate to enable  realization  against the Obligor and/or the related
         Leased Property.

                  (iv)  Except as set forth in  Schedule  4(g)(iv),  each  Lease
         complies with all requirements of applicable  United State and Canadian
         federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations.

                  (v) Subject only to the  Securitization  Transactions,  Seller
         has good and  marketable  title to each Lease and Seller's  interest in
         the Leased Property  (subject to the terms of the applicable Lease) and
         is the sole owner thereof, free of all Liens.

                  (vi) Subject  only to the  Securitization  Transactions  or as
         described  in Schedule  4(g)(vi),  no Person  (other than Seller) has a
         participation in or other right to receive scheduled payments under any
         Lease,  and  Seller has not taken any action to convey any right to any
         Person  that would  result in such Person  having a right to  scheduled
         payments received with respect to any Lease.

                  (vii) Each Lease was  originated or acquired by Seller without
         any fraud or misrepresentation.

                  (viii) Each  Obligor  had a location  in the United  States or
         Canada at the inception of the Lease;  and the asset  location for each
         Lease and  address  for each  Lease in  Seller's  records is within the
         United States or Canada and is accurate.

                  (ix)  Seller  warrants  that  Buyer  shall  suffer no  Adverse
         Consequences due to the failure by Seller or any other Person to make a
         proper filing and or take other actions  required to be made,  taken or
         performed in any  jurisdiction to give Seller an ownership or perfected
         security  interest  in all  Leased  Property  and all other  collateral
         securing an Obligor's performance under any Lease.

                  (x) There  exists a  separate  lease file  pertaining  to each
         Lease,  and, except as set forth in Schedule  4(g)(x),  each such lease
         file  contains the original  Lease and the original or a copy of all of
         the other Lease Documents applicable thereto.

                                       19
<PAGE>

                  (xi) Each Lease prohibits the sale,  assignment or transfer of
         the Obligor's interest therein,  the assumption of the Lease by another
         person in a manner  that would  release the  Obligor  thereof  from the
         Obligor's  obligation,  or any  sale,  assignment  or  transfer  of the
         related Leased Property, without the prior consent of the lessor, other
         than Leases which may (a) permit assignment to a subsidiary,  corporate
         parent or other affiliate,  (b) permit the assignment to a third party,
         provided  the  Obligor  remains  liable  under the Lease or (c)  permit
         assignment  to a third  party  with a credit  standing  (determined  by
         Seller in accordance with its  underwriting  policy and practice at the
         time for an  equivalent  contract  type,  term and amount)  equal to or
         better than the original Obligor.

                  (xii)  The  Obligor  under  each  Lease  is  required  to make
         payments  thereunder (a) in United States dollars  (except,  as to each
         Obligor  located in Canada at the time its Lease was entered  into,  in
         Canadian   dollars)  and  (b)  in  fixed   amounts  and  on  fixed  and
         predetermined dates.

                  (xiii)   Each   Lease   requires   the   Obligor   to   assume
         responsibility  for  payment of all  expenses  in  connection  with the
         maintenance and repair of the applicable  Leased Property,  the payment
         of all premiums for  insurance of such Leased  Property and the payment
         of all taxes  (including  sales and  property  taxes)  relating to such
         Leased Property.

                  (xiv) Each Lease  requires the Obligor  thereunder to make all
         scheduled  payments thereon under all  circumstances  and regardless of
         the  condition  or  suitability  of the  related  Leased  Property  and
         notwithstanding  any defense,  set-off or counterclaim that the Obligor
         may have against the manufacturer,  supplier,  lessor or lender (as the
         case  may be);  all  payments  were  made by the  Obligors  when and as
         indicated on the data tape  information  provided during due diligence,
         and will  have  been  made on the  dates  indicated  on the  data  tape
         provided on the Closing Date;  and no payment or other amount due under
         any Lease has been made by any party other than the applicable  Obligor
         other than payments made by a party pursuant to a written assignment of
         proceeds which is included in the applicable lease file.

                  (xv) The  terms of each  Lease  provide  that,  if the  Leased
         Property is damaged or destroyed, the Obligor is required either (a) to
         repair such equipment,  (b) to make a termination payment to the lessor
         in an amount  not less than the sum of all  unpaid  scheduled  payments
         through the end of the original  (or, as  applicable,  renewal) term of
         the Lease  plus the booked  residual  of the  Leased  Property,  or, as
         appropriate,   the  principal  amount  then  outstanding  plus  accrued
         interest thereon and the booked residual of the Leased Property (except
         some amounts be discounted at a rate set forth in the Lease  Documents)
         (the  "LEASE  PAYOFF  AMOUNT") or (c) in some  cases,  to replace  such
         damaged or destroyed  Leased Property with other property of comparable
         age, use and value.

                                       20
<PAGE>

                  (xvi)  Seller and Agway  warrant  that Buyer  shall  suffer no
         Adverse  Consequence  as a  result  of or in  connection  with  (a) the
         termination or  cancellation  of, or the return of any Leased  Property
         applicable  to, a Lease with any  federal,  state,  municipal  or other
         government  entity (or any other entity  entitled to exercise rights of
         any of the  foregoing)  caused  by  non-funding,  non-appropriation  or
         otherwise, (b) any True Lease Guaranty, or (c) any environmental hazard
         or condition  associated with any Acquired Asset or the Leased Premises
         (including, without limitation, asbestos).

                  (xvii) No provision  of any Lease has been waived,  altered or
         modified in any material  respect;  provided that,  with respect to any
         given Lease,  this Subsection  (xvii) shall not apply to any waiver(s),
         alteration(s) and/or modification(s) thereto which (a) were made in the
         ordinary  course of Seller's  business and within  Seller's  credit and
         collection policies as presented to Buyer during due diligence, and (b)
         are  documented in the  applicable  lease file, to the extent that such
         waiver(s),  alteration(s)  and/or  modification(s) has not and does not
         cause the  financial  obligations  of the  Obligor to differ  from that
         represented on Seller's system of record.

                  (xviii) All Leased  Property has been  properly  delivered and
         installed,  and each Obligor has accepted the related  Leased  Property
         and has had a  reasonable  opportunity  to inspect and test such Leased
         Property,  except  with  respect to Leases in  process in the  ordinary
         course of  business  (each such Lease may be referred to as a "LEASE IN
         PROCESS").  Each Lease in Process  with  respect to which any  partial,
         progress or other such payment(s) have been made by Seller is listed in
         Schedule   4(g)(xviii)  (each,  a  "PROGRESS  PAYMENT  LEASE"),   which
         identifies as to each Progress Payment Lease,  without limitation,  the
         date upon which the first  partial,  progress or other such payment was
         made and the aggregate  amount of such payments.  At Closing,  Schedule
         4(g)(xviii) shall also identify,  with respect to each Progress Payment
         Lease,  the name of the  party(ies)  to whom the  partial,  progress or
         other such  payment(s)  have been made.  With respect to each  Progress
         Payment Lease not rejected by Buyer pursuant to Section 2(i)(ii),  each
         party to whom such  payment(s)  was/were  made is obligated to pay such
         payment(s) to Buyer if the  applicable  Lease  Property is not properly
         delivered, installed and accepted on or before the ninetieth (90th) day
         following the Closing Date (or, with respect to those Leases in process
         under  which the Lease  Property  is a  building,  on or before the one
         hundred eightieth (180th) day following the Closing Date).

                  (xix) Each Lease constitutes and will continue to constitute a
         valid reservation of title by Seller to the related Leased Property.

                  (xx) No  consent  of any  Obligor  is  required  to assign and
         transfer any Lease to Buyer and each Lease is a complete and  exclusive
         statement of the entire agreement between Seller and Obligor.

                                       21
<PAGE>

                  (xxi) All security  deposits held by Seller in connection with
         Obligors are maintained in an account in compliance with all applicable
         laws.

                  (xxii)  All of the  information  concerning  the  Leases,  the
         Leased Property and the Obligors which has been furnished by the Seller
         to the Buyer is true, correct and complete.

                  (xxiii)  Seller has  provided all notices and  performed  such
         other acts as may be required by law or otherwise in order to cause all
         Lease renewal provisions to be enforceable in accordance with the terms
         thereof.

                  (xxiv) No  extension,  deferral or renewal has been granted to
         any  Obligor  other than in strict  accordance  with  Seller's  written
         policies provided to Buyer during due diligence.

                  (xxv) Schedule  4(g)(xxv)  lists each Lease  Transaction  with
         respect  to  which a  mortgage,  deed of trust  or  similar  instrument
         applicable to security  interests in real  property has been  recorded,
         and  includes,  without  limitation,  (a) the name and  address  of the
         Obligor,  (b) the  applicable  Lease  Net  Investment,  (c) the type of
         security instrument recorded (e.g., mortgage, deed of trust, etc.), and
         (d) the  state  (or,  with  respect  to  filings  made in  Canada,  the
         province) within which the office where the mortgage,  deed of trust or
         other instrument is recorded is located.

                  (xxvi) As of the Closing Date,  each  assignment  delivered to
         Buyer  pursuant  to  Section  2(e)  of  this  Agreement  relative  to a
         mortgage, deed of trust or other security instrument listed in Schedule
         4(g)(xxv)  shall be, without change (a) recordable in the in the office
         where  the  applicable  mortgage,  deed  of  trust  or  other  security
         instrument  is  recorded,  and  (b)  otherwise  legally  sufficient  to
         transfer all of Seller's rights under the applicable mortgage,  deed of
         trust or other security instrument to Buyer.

         (h) Actions and Proceedings.  Except as set forth in Schedule 4(h): (i)
             -----------------------
there are no outstanding orders,  judgments,  injunctions,  awards or decrees of
any Governmental Entity against or involving Seller, or against or involving any
of the present or former directors, officers, employees,  consultants, agents or
equity  holders of Seller,  acting in their  capacity as such,  or any of its or
their properties, assets or business; (ii) there are no actions, suits or claims
or legal,  administrative or arbitrative  proceedings or investigations  pending
or, to the knowledge of Agway and/or Seller,  threatened  against,  involving or
affecting Seller or any of its present or former directors, officers, employees,
consultants,  agents or equity holders, acting in their capacity as such, or any
of its or their  properties,  assets or business  that,  individually  or in the
aggregate,  would have a Material Adverse Effect on Seller or materially  impair
the ability of Seller to perform its obligations hereunder;  and (iii) there are
no actions,  suits, labor disputes or other litigation,  legal or administrative
proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the knowledge of Agway

                                       22
<PAGE>

and Seller,  threatened  against,  involving or  affecting  Seller or any of its
present  or  former  officers,  directors,  employees,  consultants,  agents  or
stockholders, acting in their capacity as such, or any of its properties, assets
or business relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         (i) Certain Agreements. Except as set forth in Schedule 4(i), Seller is
             ------------------
not a party to any oral or written  agreement or plan,  including any employment
agreement  or  severance  agreement,  any of  the  benefits  of  which  will  be
increased,  or the vesting of the benefits of which will be accelerated,  by the
occurrence  of any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement or the
value of any of the benefits of which will be  calculated on the basis of any of
the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  (collectively,  "CHANGE  IN
CONTROL AGREEMENTS"). Except as set forth in Schedule 4(i), no officer, director
or employee of Seller is a party to, or will receive  benefits under, any Change
in Control Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agway or Seller has entered
into agreements with certain employees of Seller under a retention bonus program
pursuant to which Telmark will be obligated to make  payments to such  employees
upon or  within a  certain  period  of time  after  the  Closing  (collectively,
"RETENTION  BONUS  AGREEMENTS").  All Retention Bonus Agreements are obligations
and  liabilities  of Seller.  Seller  will  continue to be  obligated  under the
Retention Bonus Agreements after the Closing Date. Schedule 4(i) sets forth each
officer,  director or  employee  of Seller who is a party to a  Retention  Bonus
Agreement  and the total  amount  that each such  person is  eligible to receive
thereunder.

         (j)  Employee  Benefit  Plans.  All  Employee  Benefit  Plans  covering
              ------------------------
employees  of Seller are  sponsored  by (i) Agway or (ii) an  Affiliate of Agway
other than Seller.

         (k)  Compliance  with  Worker  Safety  and   Environmental   Laws.  The
              -------------------------------------------------------------
properties,  assets  and  operations  of  Seller  are  in  compliance  with  all
applicable  Worker  Safety Laws and  Environmental  Laws.  With  respect to such
properties,   assets  and   operations,   there  are  no   events,   conditions,
circumstances, activities, practices, incidents, actions or plans of Seller that
interfere with or prevent  compliance or continued  compliance  with  applicable
Worker Safety Laws and Environmental Laws.

         (l) Labor Matters.  Seller is not a party to any collective  bargaining
             -------------
agreement or labor  contract.  There is no labor  strike,  dispute,  slowdown or
stoppage pending or, to the knowledge of Agway and Seller, threatened against or
affecting Seller which may interfere with the respective  business activities of
Seller

         (m) Intellectual Property.
             ---------------------

                  (i) Schedule 4(m)(i) describes all patents,  trademarks, trade
         names, service marks, trade secrets,  copyrights,  software,  web sites
         and related code, and all other  intellectual  property owned by Seller
         in connection  with the Business  (collectively,  and together with all
         goodwill   associated   therewith,   the   "PROPRIETARY    INTELLECTUAL
         PROPERTY").  Schedule 4(m)-2 describes all patents,  trademarks,  trade
         names, service marks, trade secrets,  copyrights,  software,  web sites
         and related code, and all other  intellectual  property rights licensed

                                       23
<PAGE>

         to or otherwise controlled, but not owned, by Seller in connection with
         the Business (collectively, the "OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS").

                  (ii)  Seller owns and possesses all right,  title and interest
         in and to all of the  Proprietary  Intellectual  Property,  and  Seller
         holds  a valid  and  freely-transferable  license  in and to all of the
         Other  Intellectual  Property  Rights.  Except as set forth in Schedule
         4(m)(ii),  no  claim  by  any  third  party  contesting  the  validity,
         enforceability,  use or ownership of any  Intellectual  Property Rights
         has been made or is currently outstanding or threatened, Seller has not
         infringed upon or misappropriated  any right(s) of any third party with
         respect to any of the Intellectual  Property Rights,  and the continued
         use of the  Intellectual  Property Rights will not constitute or result
         in any  infringement  upon,  misappropriation  of or conflict  with any
         right(s) of any third party.

                  (iii)  Except  as  described  in  Schedule  4(m) and  Schedule
         4(m)-2,  Seller has not assigned,  licensed or  sublicensed  any of the
         Intellectual  Property Rights to any third party or parties.  Ownership
         of all Proprietary Intellectual Property, and all of Seller's rights in
         and to all  Other  Intellectual  Property  Rights,  shall  be  properly
         conveyed and assigned by Seller to Buyer at the Closing.

                  (iv)  All fees,  royalties and other payments associated  with
         the Other  Intellectual  Property  Rights have been paid  current,  and
         shall  be paid  current  as of the  Closing.  Except  as  described  on
         Schedule 4(m)(iv), the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will
         have no material  adverse effect on Seller's right,  title and interest
         in and to any of the Intellectual Property Rights. Seller has taken all
         necessary  and/or  desirable  action to protect  Intellectual  Property
         Rights and will continue to maintain all  Intellectual  Property Rights
         prior to the  Closing  so as to not  materially  adversely  affect  the
         validity or enforcement of the Intellectual Property Rights.

         (n)      Securitizations.
                  ---------------

                  (i)  Schedule  4(n)(i)  sets forth a true and correct  list of
         securitization   transactions   for  which   Seller  (or  one  or  more
         Subsidiaries  included  within "Seller" as that term is defined herein)
         (the "SECURITIZATION  TRANSACTIONS") is currently acting as one or more
         of  "servicer" or "master  servicer,"  together with a true and correct
         list  of all  sale  and  servicing  agreements,  indentures  of  trust,
         insurance contracts,  undertakings with rating agencies,  sub-servicing
         agreements,  and any other contract of any type or description relating
         to such  Securitization  Transactions (all of the foregoing referred to
         herein as the "SECURITIZATION  AGREEMENTS") and Seller has furnished to
         the Buyer  true,  correct  and  complete  copies of all  Securitization
         Agreements,  and there are no agreements,  written or oral, that modify
         or amend any of such Securitization Agreements,  except as disclosed on
         Schedule 4(n)(i) and except for notifications for change of address.


                                       24
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  Each of the  Securitization  Agreements  is a valid  and
         binding  agreement of the Seller and is  enforceable  by Seller against
         the other parties thereto in accordance with its terms,  except as such
         enforcement  may be limited by applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,
         insolvency,  moratorium  or  other  laws  affecting  creditors'  rights
         generally  from  time-to-time  in effect and subject to general  equity
         principles.

                  (iii)  The  Seller  has the  right  under  the  Securitization
         Agreements,   subject  only  to  the  consents,   notices,   and  other
         requirements  contemplated  therein,  to transfer and assign all of its
         rights thereunder to the Buyer, including without limitation, the right
         to re-purchase  any assets  pursuant to the  Securitization  Agreement.
         Subject  to the  giving of  notice  to,  and  Seller's  receipt  of any
         consents from third parties,  as well as the agreement of Buyer and the
         Buyer  Affiliates  to be bound  and  obligated  and Buyer and the Buyer
         Affiliates  meeting any requirements with respect to successor entities
         set forth therein, as may be required by the Securitization Agreements,
         the  execution,  delivery and  performance of this  Agreement,  and the
         transfer   and   assignment   by  Seller  of  its  rights   under  each
         Securitization  Agreement  pursuant hereto will not constitute a breach
         of any  Securitization  Agreement  and will  vest  Buyer  with good and
         marketable title to the rights of Seller thereunder,  free and clear of
         any liens or claims.

                  (iv)   The  Seller has complied in all respects with the terms
         of the Securitization  Agreements,  and all reports delivered by Seller
         in its capacity as "servicer"  pursuant  to  the terms of any Securiti-
         zation  Agreement  are  true,  correct  and  complete  in  all material
         respects.  No event of default, or event that would  result in an event
         of default which has not been cured,  has occurred that would give rise
         to  a  right  of another party thereto to terminate any  Securitization
         Agreement  or  Seller's   rights  as  "servicer"  or "master  servicer"
         thereunder, and Seller has not received any notice of such termination.

                  (v)  Each Lease sold and currently held in  connection  with a
         Securitization Transaction complied at the time of sale in all respects
         with the  representations  set forth in the Securitization  Agreements,
         and to the extent that Seller was obligated to repurchase or substitute
         Leases  in  connection  with a  Securitization  Transaction,  all  such
         repurchases  or  substitutions  have  complied  with  the  terms of the
         Securtization  Agreements pursuant to which they were made, and Seller,
         as of the date hereof,  and as of the Closing Date,  has no outstanding
         obligation to repurchase any such Lease.

                  (vi)  On the Closing Date, all representations and warranties,
         other than those  relating to Buyer or the Buyer  Affiliates  or solely
         under the  control of Buyer and the Buyer  Affiliates,  required  to be
         made  pursuant  to  Section 2 of the  respective  Sales  and  Servicing
         Agreements set forth on Schedule 4(n)(i), shall be true and correct.

                                       25
<PAGE>

         (o)  Domain  Names.  All of the World  Wide Web  domain  names  used in
              -------------
connection with the Business are described in Schedule 4(o), attached hereto and
incorporated  herein (the "DOMAIN NAMES").  All of the Domain Names are properly
registered in Seller's  name, and all of Seller's  right,  title and interest in
and to the Domain  Names will be  properly  conveyed  and  assigned by Seller to
Buyer at the Closing.

         (p)  Schedules.  Appendix  A  and  each  schedule  referenced  in  this
              ---------
Agreement  that  has  been  prepared,   supplied  or  otherwise   created  using
information provided by Seller (other than those schedules the contents of which
are  determined  solely  by  Buyer)  are  complete,  and all of the  information
contained therein is true and accurate.

         SECTION 5.  PRE-CLOSING  COVENANTS.  The Parties  agree as follows with
                     ----------------------
respect to the period between the execution of this Agreement and the Closing:

         (a)      Conduct of Business of the Company.
                  ----------------------------------

                  (1) Except as  permitted  by  clauses  (i)  through  (xiii) of
         Section  5(a)(2),  during  the period  from the date of this  Agreement
         through the Closing Date, Seller shall:

                  (i)  except as otherwise specifically required under the terms
                  and  conditions of this  Agreement,  in all material  respects
                  carry on the  Business  in the  Ordinary  Course of  Business,
                  including  but not limited  to,  maintaining  Seller's  credit
                  approvals  consistent  with past  practices  and in accordance
                  with all documented  credit policies  provided to Buyer during
                  due diligence,  and, to the extent consistent  therewith,  use
                  reasonable  efforts to preserve  intact its  current  business
                  organizations;

                  (ii)   keep available the services of its current officers and
                  employees  and  preserve  its  relationships  with  customers,
                  suppliers,   brokers,   vendors,  dealers  and  others  having
                  business dealings with Seller to the end that its goodwill and
                  the Business shall be unimpaired as of the Closing Date;

                  (iii)  continue  to  account  for  Seller's  SFAS 91  deferred
                  expenses  under  the  accounting  method  in place on June 30,
                  2002,  provided  however,  that the deferred asset shall be no
                  more that two and  fifteen-hundredths  percent  (2.15%) of the
                  Portfolio Net Investment on the Closing Date;

                  (iv)  continue  to  book  residuals  consistent  with  past
                  practice;

                  (v)   maintain an allowance for losses consistent with current
                  life of lease reserve  methodology,  but in no event less than
                  five percent  (5.00%) of the Portfolio  Net  Investment on the
                  Closing Date;

                  (vi)  charge-off all Leases more than three hundred sixty-five
                  (365) days contractually delinquent;

                                       26
<PAGE>

                  (vii)   record  accrued  interest  payable  on all outstanding
                  debt;

                  (viii)  write-off unreconciled balance sheet items over ninety
                  (90) days old;

                  (ix)   not  enter  into any off-balance sheet securitizations.
                  In addition,  Seller  shall not  enter   into  any   term-debt
                  on-balance-sheet  securitizations  or commercial paper conduit
                  funding;

                  (x)   maintain a delinquency percentage  for the Portfolio Net
                  Investment  which  are sixty  (60) or more days  contractually
                  delinquent,  of no  greater  than  two  and  one-half  percent
                  (2.50%) of the Portfolio Net  Investment  and such  percentage
                  shall be calculated  consistently  with  information  provided
                  Buyer by Seller during Buyer's due diligence;

                  (xi)  within ten (10) days after each  month-end  between  the
                  date of this Agreement and the Closing Date provide Buyer with
                  a data tape,  in the same  format as provided to Buyer for due
                  diligence purposes, containing information on Leases;

                  (xii) ten (10) days prior to the Closing  Date  provide  Buyer
                  with a data tape,  in the same format as provided to Buyer for
                  due  diligence  purposes,  containing  information  on  Leases
                  entered  into  between the date  hereof and fifteen  (15) days
                  prior to the Closing Date which are outside the  parameters of
                  Section 5(a)(2)(xiii).

         (2)      Without limiting the generality of the  foregoing,  and except
as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement,  Seller shall not without the prior
written  consent of Buyer (which consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld or
delayed):

                  (i)   amend its charter or bylaws;

                  (ii)  acquire or agree to acquire by merging or  consolidating
         with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of or equity
         in, or by any other  manner,  any  business  or any Person or  division
         thereof or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets, other than
         transactions that are in the Ordinary Course of Business;

                  (iii) sell,  lease or otherwise  dispose of, or agree to sell,
         lease or otherwise dispose of, any of its assets, including the Leases,
         other than transactions that are in the Ordinary Course of Business;

                  (iv)  incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, guarantee any
         such indebtedness or make any loans,  advances or capital contributions
         to, or other  investments  in,  any  other  person,  other  than in the
         Ordinary Course of Business;

                                       27
<PAGE>

                  (v)  enter into or adopt any, or amend any existing, severance
         plan or Change in Control Agreement or enter into or amend any Employee
         Benefit Plan or employment or consulting agreement,  except as required
         by  applicable  law or as will not result in a net increase in benefits
         or amounts payable thereunder;

                  (vi)  increase  the  compensation payable or to become payable
         to its directors, officers or employees  (except for  increases  in the
         Ordinary  Course of  Business  in  salaries  or wages of  employees  of
         Seller) or grant any severance or termination  pay to, or enter into or
         amend  (except  as  will  not  increase  benefits  or  amounts  payable
         thereunder) any employment or severance agreement with, any director or
         officer of Seller, or establish,  adopt,  enter into, or, except as may
         be  required  to comply  with  applicable  law or as will not  increase
         benefits or amounts payable  thereunder,  amend in any material respect
         or take action to enhance in any  material  respect or  accelerate  any
         rights or benefits  under,  any labor,  collective  bargaining,  bonus,
         profit sharing, thrift,  compensation,  pension,  retirement,  deferred
         compensation,   employment,   termination,  severance  or  other  plan,
         agreement,  trust,  fund,  policy or arrangement for the benefit of any
         director, officer or employee;

                  (vii)   knowingly violate or  knowingly  fail to  perform  any
         obligation  or duty imposed upon Seller by any  applicable  law,  rule,
         regulation, guideline or ordinance of any Governmental Entity;

                  (viii)  make any change to accounting  policies or procedures,
         except as required by another provision of this Agreement;

                  (ix)    prepare or file any Tax Return inconsistent  with past
         practice  or,  on any such Tax  Return,  take  any  position,  make any
         election,  or adopt any  method  that is  inconsistent  with  positions
         taken,  elections  made or methods used in preparing or filing  similar
         Tax Returns in prior periods;

                  (x)   enter  into or amend any non-Lease agreement or contract
         or make or agree to make any new capital  expenditure  or  expenditures
         which, individually,  is in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00)
         or,  in  the  aggregate,  are  in  excess  of  Fifty  Thousand  Dollars
         ($50,000.00) per month;

                  (xi)  pay, discharge  or satisfy  any claims,  liabilities  or
         obligations (absolute,  accrued, asserted or unasserted,  contingent or
         otherwise),  other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction,  in the
         Ordinary  Course of  Business or in  accordance  with their  terms,  of
         liabilities  reflected or reserved  against in, or contemplated by, the
         Final Closing  Statement of Assets and  Liabilities  or incurred in the
         Ordinary Course of Business, or make any distribution to equity holders
         of Seller;

                                       28
<PAGE>

                  (xii)  authorize, recommend,  propose or announce an intention
         to do any of the  foregoing,  or enter  into any  contract,  agreement,
         commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing; or

                  (xiii) enter into any Lease and/or Lease  Transaction which is
         in  an  amount  greater  than  Two  Hundred  Fifty   Thousand   Dollars
         ($250,000.00).

         (b)  Access  to  Information.  Seller  and  Agway  shall  afford to the
              -----------------------
accountants,  counsel,  financial  advisors and other  representatives  of Buyer
reasonable  access  to,  and permit  them to make such  inspections  as they may
reasonably  require of, during normal  business hours during the period from the
date  of this  Agreement  through  the  Closing  Date,  all  properties,  books,
contracts,  commitments and records  (including,  without  limitation,  the work
papers of  independent  accountants,  if available and subject to the consent of
such independent accountants) of Seller or relating to Seller's business. During
such period,  Seller and Agway shall furnish  promptly to Buyer all  information
concerning  the  business,  properties  and  personnel  of Seller or relating to
Seller's business as Buyer may reasonably request.  All information  obtained by
Buyer  pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall be kept  confidential  in  accordance
with the Confidentiality  Agreement dated February 4, 2002 (the "CONFIDENTIALITY
AGREEMENT") among Agway, Telmark and Buyer.

         (c)      Reasonable Efforts.
                  ------------------

                  (i) Upon the terms and subject to the  conditions set forth in
         this Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to use reasonable efforts to
         take,  or cause to be  taken,  all  actions,  and to do, or cause to be
         done,  and to assist and cooperate  with the other Party in doing,  all
         things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective,
         in  the  most   expeditious   manner   practicable,   the  transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement,  including, but not limited to: (A) the
         obtaining of all necessary  actions or non-actions,  waivers,  consents
         and  approvals  from all  Governmental  Entities  and the making of all
         necessary   registrations   and   filings   (including   filings   with
         Governmental Entities) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be
         necessary to obtain an approval or waiver  from,  or to avoid an action
         or  proceeding  by,  any  Governmental   Entity   (including  those  in
         connection  with the  Hart-Scott-Rodino  Act or the BHC  Act),  (B) the
         obtaining of all  necessary  consents,  approvals or waivers from third
         parties,  (C) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings,
         whether judicial or  administrative,  challenging this Agreement or the
         consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking
         to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or
         other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed and (D) the execution and
         delivery of any  additional  instruments  necessary to  consummate  the
         transactions  contemplated by this Agreement. None of the Parties shall
         consent to any voluntary delay of the  consummation of the transactions
         contemplated  hereby at the behest of any  Governmental  Entity without
         the  consent  of  the  other  Parties,   which  consent  shall  not  be
         unreasonably withheld.

                                       29
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  Each of the Parties shall use all reasonable  efforts to
         not take any action,  or enter into any transaction,  which would cause
         any of the  representations  or warranties  of such Party  contained in
         this  Agreement to be untrue or result in a breach of any covenant made
         by it in this Agreement.

                  (iii)  Seller  agrees to  reasonably  cooperate  with Buyer to
         convert  the  Business  to  Buyer's  general  ledger  system as soon as
         practicable after Closing.

         (d)  Public  Announcements.  None of the  Parties  will issue any press
              ---------------------
release  with  respect to the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement or
otherwise issue any written public  statements with respect to such transactions
without the prior written approval of the other party, except as may be required
by applicable law or required by obligations  pursuant to any listing  agreement
with any national securities exchange. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party
shall  have the  right  to  issue a press  release  regarding  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby upon the signing of this  Agreement  and upon the  Closing;
provided,  however,  that each Party will notify the other Parties if it intends
------------------
to issue such a press release and provide the other Parties with the text of the
press release and reasonable opportunity to comment in advance of its release to
the public.

         (e)  Notification  of Certain  Matters  Buyer shall use its  reasonable
              ---------------------------------
efforts to give  prompt  notice to Seller and Agway,  and Seller and Agway shall
use their  reasonable  efforts  to give  prompt  notice to  Buyer,  of:  (i) the
occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of any event of which any of them is aware  that
would be reasonably likely to cause (x) any representation or warranty contained
in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material  respect or (y) any
covenant,  condition or agreement contained in this Agreement not to be complied
with or  satisfied  in all  material  respects,  (ii) any failure of Buyer or of
Seller or  Agway,  as the case may be,  to  comply  in a timely  manner  with or
satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by
it  hereunder or (iii) any change or event which would be  reasonably  likely to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer or Seller, as the case may be; provided,
                                                                       --------
however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5(e) shall not
-------
limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder.

         SECTION 6.  POST-CLOSING  COVENANTS.  The Parties agree as follows with
                     -----------------------
respect to the period following the Closing:

         (a)  General. In case at any time after the Closing any further  action
              -------
is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this  Agreement,  each of
the Parties will take such further action  (including the execution and delivery
of such further  instruments  and  documents) as the other Party  reasonably may
request,  all at the sole cost and expense of the  requesting  Party (unless the
requesting Party is entitled to indemnification therefor under Section 9 below).

                                       30
<PAGE>

         (b)  Litigation  Assistance. In the event and for so long as any of the
              ----------------------
Parties  actively  is  contesting  or  defending   against  any  action,   suit,
proceeding,  hearing,  investigation,  charge,  complaint,  claim or  demand  in
connection with (i) any transactions  contemplated  under this Agreement or (ii)
any fact, situation,  circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice, plan,
occurrence,  event, incident,  action, failure to act or transaction on or prior
to the Closing Date  involving the Business,  the other Parties shall  cooperate
with the  contesting  or  defending  Party and its  counsel  in the  defense  or
contest, make available its personnel,  and provide such testimony and access to
their books and records as shall be necessary in connection  with the defense or
contest,  all at the sole cost and expense of the contesting or defending  Party
(unless  the  contesting  or  defending  Party is  entitled  to  indemnification
therefor under Section 9 below). In addition, Agway agrees to provide Buyer with
such  assistance  as  Buyer  may  reasonably  request  in  connection  with  the
assumption by Buyer of the Assumed Litigation Obligations.

         (c) Employee Benefits and Employment.
             --------------------------------

                  (i)  Except  as  otherwise  provided  herein  or as  otherwise
         clearly  required by the context,  the  following  terms shall have the
         respective meanings indicated when used in this Agreement:

                           (A) "RETAINED  EMPLOYEES" means those persons who are
         employees of Seller in connection with the Business on the Closing Date
         immediately  prior to consummation of the Closing and are identified in
         Schedule  6(c)(i).  With regard to all employees hired by Seller during
         the period from the date of this  Agreement to the Closing Date,  Buyer
         has the  option  to  update  Schedule  6(c)(i)  at any time  until  the
         consummation of the Closing.

                           (B)  "TRANSFERRED  EMPLOYEES" means those persons who
         are employees of Seller in connection  with the Business on the Closing
         Date  (including,  without  limitation,  those  who are  absent  due to
         vacation,  illness or  maternity/paternity  leave) and are not Retained
         Employees.  The  determination  of  whether a person  is a  Transferred
         Employee  shall be made  immediately  before  putting  into  effect the
         provisions of Subsection (c)(ii), below.

                  (ii)  Effective on the Closing Date, immediately  prior to the
         consummation of the Closing,  all Transferred  Employees shall cease to
         be employed by Seller,  and Buyer shall offer  employment with Buyer to
         each Transferred  Employee in a position that is reasonably  comparable
         to that held as of the Closing Date. All Transferred Employees shall be
         employees-at-will  of Buyer.  Prior to the Closing  Date,  Seller shall
         identify all of its  employees on short-term  and long-term  disability
         leave (including,  without limitation, those on maternity/paternity) to
         Buyer,  and, to the extent  necessary,  shall update such list prior to
         the consummation of the Closing.

                  (iii)  (A)  In General.  Buyer shall provide  the  Transferred
                              ----------
         Employees  with the  employee  benefits  being  provided to Buyer's own
         employees,  subject  to the terms of those  Employee  Benefit  Plans of

                                       31
<PAGE>

         Buyer (the "BUYER'S EMPLOYEE  BENEFITS"),  and shall credit Transferred
         Employees' service with Seller based on the Agway adjusted service date
         (as determined in accordance with Agway's employment policy as provided
         to Buyer during due diligence) for purposes of eligibility  and vesting
         under  all of  Buyer's  welfare  benefit  plans,  severance  plans  and
         qualified  pension  and  profit  sharing  plans,  and for  purposes  of
         calculating  benefits under Buyer's  severance plan, to the extent that
         such service credit would be relevant.  No exclusions for  pre-existing
         conditions   shall  apply  to  any  medical   benefit  plan  for  which
         Transferred Employees may be eligible with respect to any condition for
         which the Transferred  Employees were covered under any medical benefit
         plan  maintained by Seller or Agway.  With respect to Buyer's long term
         disability  plan (the "BUYER  LTDP"),  if a  Transferred  Employee  was
         covered by Seller's  long term  disability  plan (as in existence as of
         Buyer's due diligence,  "SELLER'S LTDP") on the day immediately  before
         the Closing Date, the effective  date for purposes of the  pre-existing
         condition limitation contained in the Buyer LTDP shall be the effective
         date of coverage under Seller's LTDP, such that if continuous  coverage
         under the  Seller's  LTDP and the Buyer LTDP is more than  twelve  (12)
         months as of the initial date of  disability,  a  Transferred  Employee
         will not be subject to the pre-existing  condition  limitation.  If the
         disability  occurs in the first (1st) year of coverage  under the Buyer
         LTDP and is  approved,  benefits  will be  limited to the lesser of the
         benefit  amounts  contained in Seller's  LTDP and the Buyer LTDP.  If a
         Transferred  Employee has been a participant in Seller's LTDP less than
         twelve (12) months,  the  Transferred  Employee  will be subject to the
         pre-existing exclusion,  but the Transferred Employee shall be credited
         for the  amount of time in which the  Transferred  Employee  has been a
         participant  in  Seller's  LTDP for  satisfying  the twelve  (12) month
         pre-existing exclusion period.

                           (B)  Notice.  Except  as otherwise expressly provided
                                ------
         in  this  Section  6(c),  Seller, and effective as of the Closing Date,
         Buyer shall give notice to all Transferred Employees  that,  except  as
         otherwise  expressly  provided  herein,  all benefits  and/or  accruals
         previously  provided  under the  Employee  Benefit  Plans of Agway will
         terminate on the Closing Date and will be replaced by Buyer's  Employee
         Benefits.

                  (iv)  Liability  Retained By Seller and  Liability  Assumed By
                        --------------------------------------------------------
         Buyer. Except as otherwise  specifically provided in this Section 6(c),
         -----
         Seller  shall  retain  all   Liabilities   for  all  salary  and  other
         compensation  and employee  benefits due any Retained  Employee arising
         out of  employment  by Seller  before,  on, or after the Closing  Date;
         Seller  shall  retain  all   Liabilities   for  all  salary  and  other
         compensation and employee benefits due any Transferred Employee arising
         out of employment  by Seller  before the Closing Date;  and Buyer shall
         assume  all  Liabilities  for all  salary  and other  compensation  and
         employee   benefits  due  any  Transferred   Employee  arising  out  of
         employment  by Buyer  after  the  Closing  Date.  Seller  shall  retain
         Liability  for medical and other  welfare  benefit  claims  incurred by
         Transferred  Employees  before the Closing Date, and, to the extent any
         given  Transferred  Employee is  enrolled in Buyer's  medical and other

                                       32
<PAGE>

         welfare benefit plans on and after the Closing Date, Buyer shall assume
         Liability for medical and other welfare benefit claims incurred by that
         Transferred Employee on or after the Closing Date.

                  (v)   Change in Control  Agreements  and  Variable  Pay Plans.
                        -------------------------------------------------------
         Seller  shall  retain  Liability  for  amounts  due under the Change in
         Control  Agreements,  including minimum vested variable pay amounts due
         upon the Closing;  provided,  however,  that nothing in this  Agreement
         shall be construed  to obligate  either Agway or the Seller to continue
         the variable pay plans in effect after Closing.

                  (vi)  Paid  Time  Off.  Transferred  Employees  shall  receive
                        ---------------
         credit for service with Seller for purposes of computing  paid time off
         benefits  (including  vacation,  sick leave and  personal  holidays) to
         which similarly  situated employees of Buyer are or may become entitled
         under the terms of Buyer's paid time off  policies.  On or prior to the
         Closing Date,  Seller shall pay all Transferred  Employees the value of
         their unused paid time off  available to them prior to the Closing Date
         under Seller's paid time off policies.

                  (vii)  WARN Act Compliance.  Following the Closing Date, Buyer
                         -------------------
         shall  comply  in  all  respects  with  the  Worker's   Adjustment  and
         Retraining  Notification  Act, as amended (the "WARN  ACT"),  and Buyer
         shall not take any action which would subject  Seller to any disclosure
         or  announcement  obligations  under  the  WARN  Act  with  respect  to
         employees of Seller,  including by designation of employees on Schedule
         6(c)(i),  assuming that the  employment of all such  employees  will be
         terminated by Seller immediately  following the Closing. As of the date
         hereof,  Buyer does not  contemplate  any "plant  closing" or "employee
         mass  layoff," as such terms are used in the WARN Act,  with respect to
         the Business or the Transferred  Employees on or before ninety-one (91)
         days following Closing.

                  (viii)  Retirement Plan. Agway shall retain and be responsible
                          ---------------
         for benefits  under Agway's 401(k) plan for the  Transferred  Employees
         through  the  Closing  Date.  Agway shall cause its 401(k) plan to make
         available  distributions of the amount of account balances vested as of
         the  Closing  Date  to  Transferred   Employees   pursuant  to  Section
         401(k)(10)(A)(iii)  of the Code to the same extent as distributions are
         available to similarly situated former employees of Agway.

                  (ix) Cooperation.
                       -----------

                           (A)  With respect to all benefits for which Seller or
         Agway is  responsible  under this Section 6(c),  Buyer shall  cooperate
         with Seller and Agway by promptly providing the information  reasonably
         requested  by Seller or Agway to enable  Seller or Agway to perform its
         obligations.  Buyer  shall  direct  all  claimants  and claims for such
         benefits to Seller.

                                       33
<PAGE>

                           (B)  With respect to all  benefits for which Buyer is
         responsible   under  this  Section   6(c)  or  otherwise   provides  to
         Transferred  Employees,  Seller shall  cooperate with Buyer by promptly
         providing the information reasonably requested by Buyer to enable Buyer
         to perform its  obligations.  Seller  shall  direct all  claimants  and
         claims for such benefits to Buyer. Seller shall provide Buyer with such
         reasonable  access  prior to the Closing  Date as may be  necessary  or
         appropriate  to  enable  Buyer to  enroll  Transferred  Employees  into
         Buyer's Employee  Benefits and otherwise  fulfill its obligations under
         this Section 6(c).

                           (C)  After the Closing  Date,  Seller  and Buyer each
         will  cooperate  with the other in providing  reasonable  access to all
         information  required  for the  operation  of, or the  preparation  and
         submission  of reports  or  notices  required  in  connection  with the
         operation of the employee benefit programs maintained by Seller,  Agway
         or  Buyer or  their  Affiliates  which  covers  any of the  Transferred
         Employees,   including,   without   limitation,   the  preparation  and
         submission of reports or notices to the PBGC,  the Department of Labor,
         the  Internal  Revenue  Service,  or  any  other  agency  of  the  U.S.
         Government.

         (d)      Noncompetition.
                  --------------

                  (i)  For a period of four (4) years from and after the Closing
         Date, neither Agway nor any present or future Affiliate of Agway will:

                       (A)  engage, anywhere in the  United  States  of  America
or  Canada,  in any Competitive Business (as hereinafter defined); or

                       (B)  acquire, own or hold any interest in any Competitive
Business in the United States.

                  "COMPETITIVE   BUSINESS"  means  any  business  of  commercial
                  equipment,  building or vehicle financing in the agricultural,
                  forestry, retail, service, computer,  medical, office products
                  or telecommunications markets. "Competitive Business" does not
                  include  (A) leases  between  Agway and its  subsidiaries  (or
                  between  any   subsidiaries  of  Agway),   (B)  financing  for
                  individual,  family or household  purposes,  or (C) Leases not
                  acquired by Buyer under this Agreement.

                  (ii)  If  the  final   judgment   of  a  court  of   competent
         jurisdiction  declares that any term or provision of Section 6(d)(i) is
         invalid or  unenforceable,  the Parties agree that the court making the
         determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to
         reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete
         specific words or phrases,  or to replace any invalid or  unenforceable
         term  or  provision  with  a  term  or  provision  that  is  valid  and
         enforceable  and that comes closest to expressing  the intention of the
         invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be



                                       34
<PAGE>

         enforceable  as so  modified  after the  expiration  of the time within
         which the judgment may be appealed.

                  (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this
         Section  6(d) shall  prohibit or be deemed to prohibit  Agway or Seller
         from taking any action in  connection  with the  servicing of any Lease
         that constitutes an Excluded Asset.

         (e)  Non-Solicitation  of  Employees.  For a period  of four (4)  years
              -------------------------------
following the Closing Date,  without the prior approval of Buyer,  neither Agway
nor any  present or future  Affiliate  of Agway shall  solicit  any  Transferred
Employee  or induce or  attempt to induce any  Transferred  Employee  out of the
employ of Buyer.

         (f)  Continued  Existence. Telmark and each of the  Subsidiaries  shall
              --------------------
continue their respective  independent legal existence throughout the thirty-six
(36) month period immediately following the Closing Date.

         (g) SELLER'S AND AGWAY'S ACCESS TO RECORDS. Following the Closing Date,
and for a period of at least seven (7) years from the Closing Date, Buyer shall:
(i)  maintain  copies of all books and records  relating to the  Business as are
reasonably  necessary  for  the  preparation  or  examination  of  Tax  Returns,
regulatory filings and financial  statements,  and the conduct of any litigation
or regulatory dispute resolution, whether pending or threatened,  relating to or
involving the conduct of the Business  prior to the Closing Date; and (ii) allow
Agway and Seller,  upon  reasonable  prior  notice and during  regular  business
hours,  the right to examine  and make  copies of such books and records for any
reasonable  business  purpose in  connection  with any  matter(s)  identified in
Subsection (g)(i), above; provided, however, that the scope of books and records
that Buyer  shall be  required  to  maintain  with  regard to the conduct of the
Business  prior to the Closing  shall be limited to only those books and records
actually delivered to Buyer by Seller upon the Closing.  Access to the books and
records  relating to the  Business  shall be at Agway's sole expense and may not
unreasonably interfere with Buyer's business operations.

         (h)  Remittance  of Payments.  If,  after the Closing,  Seller or Agway
              -----------------------
receive  from or on the  account of an  Obligor  any lease  payment(s)  or other
amount(s) due under or in  connection  with a Lease,  or any other  amount(s) in
respect of any Acquired  Asset,  Seller or Agway (as  applicable)  shall forward
such payments and other amounts to Buyer within five (5) days after  Seller's or
Agway's receipt thereof.

         SECTION 7.    TAX MATTERS.
                       -----------

         (a)  Definitions.  Except as otherwise  provided herein or as otherwise
              -----------
clearly  required by the context,  the following terms shall have the respective
meanings indicated when used in this Agreement:

                                       35
<PAGE>

          (i)  "TAX" or  "TAXES"  means any  federal,  state,  local or  foreign
     income, gross receipts, franchise,  estimated,  alternative minimum, add-on
     minimum, sales, use, transfer,  registration,  value added, excise, natural
     resources,   severance,   stamp,  occupation,   premium,  windfall  profit,
     environmental (including Code Section 59A), customs, duties, real property,
     personal property, capital stock, intangibles, social security, employment,
     unemployment,   disability,  payroll,  license,  employee,  or  other  tax,
     withholding  tax or levy, of any kind  whatsoever  (including  any deferred
     tax),  including any interest,  penalties or additions to tax in respect of
     the foregoing.

          (ii) "TAX RETURN"  means any return,  declaration,  report,  claim for
     refund,  information  return,  or other document  (including any related or
     supporting estimates,  elections,  schedules,  statements,  or information)
     filed  or  required  to be  filed in  connection  with  the  determination,
     assessment,  or  collection of any Tax or the  administration  of any laws,
     regulations, or administration requirements relating to any Tax.

         (b)  Tax Representations.  Seller and Agway  represent  and  warrant to
              -------------------
Buyer as follows:

          (i)  Any and all Taxes relating to the Acquired Assets and the Assumed
     Liabilities  which are due and payable on or prior to the Closing Date have
     been  paid in  full,  or will be so paid on or prior  to the  Closing  Date
     except to the extent the non-payment of which would not result in a lien on
     any  Acquired  Asset or  would  not  result  in Buyer  becoming  liable  or
     responsible  therefor.  All Tax Returns (including extensions or amendments
     thereto)  required to be filed with any  relevant  taxing  authority  on or
     prior to the Closing Date with respect to any and all Taxes relating to the
     Acquired Assets or Assumed  Liabilities,  have been timely filed or will be
     timely  filed on or prior to the  Closing  Date  except to the  extent  the
     non-filing  of which  would not result in a lien on any  Acquired  Asset or
     would not result in Buyer becoming subject to any liability therefor.

          (ii)  With respect to any  Securitization  Transaction,  no action has
     been  taken nor has any action  failed to be taken  which  would  adversely
     affect the  characterization or Tax treatment for federal,  state, or local
     Income or franchise Tax purposes of the issuer or any securities  issued in
     a  Securitization  Transaction or would create any entity level of taxation
     with  respect to the  trusts.  All Tax  Returns  (including  extensions  or
     amendments thereto) required to be filed with any relevant taxing authority
     on or before the Closing Date with respect to any and all Taxes relating to
     any Securitization Transaction have been timely and properly filed, or will
     be timely and properly filed, on or before the Closing Date.

     (c)  Liability for Taxes.
          -------------------

          (i)  Liability of Seller and Agway.  Except for (A) personal  property
               -----------------------------
     tax liabilities  related to the Leases or the Leased property to the extent

                                       36
<PAGE>

     that such tax relates to the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding
     the Closing Date, and (B) sales,  use,  transfer or similar tax liabilities
     relating  to the  Leases  and  Leased  Property  to the extent any such tax
     relates to a Lease  payment  not made on or before the Closing  Date,  with
     respect to the Acquired Assets and the Assumed  Liabilities  transferred at
     the Closing, Seller and/or Agway shall be liable for and shall, jointly and
     severally upon Buyer's demand,  indemnify Buyer for all Taxes imposed on or
     with  respect to such  Acquired  Assets for (1) any taxable  year or period
     that ends on or before the Closing Date and (2) with respect to any taxable
     year or period  beginning  before and ending  after the Closing  Date,  the
     portion of such taxable year or period  ending on and including the Closing
     Date.

          (ii)  Liability of Buyer. With respect to the Acquired  Assets and the
                ------------------
     Assumed Liabilities  transferred at the Closing,  Buyer shall be liable for
     and indemnify  Seller and Agway for all Taxes imposed on or with respect to
     such  Acquired  Assets for (1) any taxable year or period that begins after
     the Closing Date, (2) with respect to any taxable year or period  beginning
     before and ending after the Closing Date,  the portion of such taxable year
     beginning  after the Closing Date, (3) to the extent relative to the twelve
     (12) month period  immediately  preceding  the Closing  Date,  all personal
     property tax liabilities related to the Leases or the Leased Property,  and
     (4) to the extent  relative to any Lease  payment not made on or before the
     Closing Date, all sales, use, transfer or similar tax liabilities  relating
     to the Leases and Leased Property.

          (iii)  Proration  of  Taxes.  Except  as  otherwise  agreed  to by the
                 --------------------
     parties,  for purposes of Subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above,  whenever it is
     necessary to determine  the  liability for Taxes for a portion of a taxable
     year or period that begins before and ends after the Closing Date,  (A) the
     determination of the Taxes for the portion of the year or period ending on,
     and the portion of the year or period  beginning  after,  the Closing  Date
     shall be  determined  by assuming  that the taxable year or period ended at
     the close of business on the Closing  Date and (B) with respect to any real
     property or  personal  property  and similar ad valorem  Taxes for a period
     that  begins  before and ends after the Closing  Date,  such Taxes shall be
     apportioned  based on the number of days in the taxable  period on or prior
     to the Closing Date.

          (iv)  Notification.  As soon as practical after the Closing (but in no
                ------------
     event  later  than the  filing  of the  sales tax  returns  for the  period
     including the Closing Date),  Seller shall notify all applicable  sales tax
     authorities of its sale of the Acquired  Assets to Buyer,  indicating  that
     Seller  shall be and remain  solely  liable  for all sales tax  obligations
     arising prior to the Closing except to the extent any such tax relates to a
     Lease payment not made on or before the Closing Date.

         (d)  Sales and Transfer Taxes.  All excise,  sales,  use,  transfer and
              ------------------------
similar taxes that are payable or that arise as a result of the  consummation of
the purchase and sale  contemplated  by this Agreement shall be borne by Seller,
whether such Taxes are imposed upon Seller or Buyer.

                                       37
<PAGE>


         (e)  Payments  of  Amounts  Due  under  this  Section  7. All  payments
              ---------------------------------------------------
subsequent  to the  Closing  Date under this  Section 7 shall be made as soon as
determinable  or  when  payment  is  due  to the  applicable  taxing  authority,
whichever  is  later,  and  shall  be made  and  bear  interest  from  the  date
determinable  or  when  payment  is  due  to the  applicable  taxing  authority,
whichever is later,  to the date of payment at the average of the Federal  Funds
Rate or Rates in effect from time-to-time during such period.

         (f)  Tax Returns. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7 and as
              -----------
otherwise  agreed to by the parties,  with  respect to the  Acquired  Assets and
Assumed  Liabilities,  (i) Seller  and/or  Agway shall file or cause to be filed
when due all Tax  Returns  that are  required  to be filed with  respect to such
Acquired Assets or income therefrom, and such Assumed Liabilities or payments in
respect  thereof,  for taxable years or periods  ending on or before the Closing
Date and shall pay any Taxes due in respect of such Tax  Returns  and (ii) Buyer
shall file or cause to be filed when due all Tax  Returns  with  respect to such
Acquired Assets or income therefrom, and such Assumed Liabilities or payments in
respect thereof,  for taxable years or periods ending after the Closing Date and
shall remit any Taxes due in respect of such Tax Returns. If Seller or Agway, on
the one hand,  or Buyer,  on the other hand,  shall be liable  hereunder for any
portion of the Tax shown due on any Tax Return prepared by the other party,  the
party  preparing  the Tax Return shall deliver a copy to the party so liable not
less than ten (10) days  prior to the date on which such Tax Return is due to be
filed (taking into account any applicable extensions). Seller, Agway or Buyer as
the case may be, shall pay in immediately available funds the Taxes for which it
is liable pursuant to Section 7(c)(i) or 7(c)(ii) but which are payable with Tax
Returns to be filed by the other party pursuant to the previous  sentence on the
due date for the payment of such Taxes.

         (g)  Assistance and Cooperation. Seller and Agway, on the one hand, and
              ---------------------------
Buyer, on the other hand, shall after the Closing Date:

         (i)   Assist  (and cause  their  respective  Affiliates  to assist) the
               other party in preparing  any Tax Returns  which such other party
               is responsible  for preparing and filing in accordance  with this
               Section 7, including any Tax Returns or forms  required  pursuant
               to  Section  7(f);  provided,  however,  that  either  party  may
                                   ------------------
               withhold, or excise portions of, confidential records,  documents
               or information if it is necessary to do so to reasonably  protect
               the confidentiality thereof;

         (ii)  Cooperate  fully in preparing for any audits of, or disputes with
               taxing authorities regarding, any Tax Returns with respect to the
               Acquired Assets or income therefrom or the Assumed Liabilities or
               payments in respect thereof;

         (iii) Make available to the other party and to any taxing  authority as
               is reasonably  requested all relevant  information,  records, and
               documents  relating to Taxes with respect to the Acquired  Assets

                                       38
<PAGE>

               or income  therefrom  or the Assumed  Liabilities  or payments in
               respect thereof;

          (iv) Provide  timely  notice to the other in writing of any pending or
               proposed tax audits or  assessments  with respect to the Acquired
               Assets or the income  therefrom,  or the Assumed  Liabilities  or
               payments in respect  thereof,  for taxable  periods for which the
               other may have a liability under this Section 7;

          (v)  Furnish  the other  with  copies of all  relevant  correspondence
               received  from any taxing  authority in  connection  with any Tax
               audit or  information  request with respect to any taxable period
               referred to in Subsection (iv) above; and

          (vi) The party  requesting  assistance or  cooperation  shall bear the
               other party's reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in complying with
               such request to the extent that those  expenses are  attributable
               to fees and other costs of Persons other than such other party or
               its Affiliates.

     (h)  Notification  and  Contest.  Without   limiting  the   provisions   of
          --------------------------
Section 7(g), the notification  and contest  provisions of Section 9 shall apply
to claims for indemnification under Section 7; provided, however, that notice of
claim for  indemnification  pursuant  to Section 9 shall be given as promptly as
practicable,  but no later  than  sixty (60) days after the notice of a claim or
demand for Taxes for which  indemnification  may be sought from the indemnifying
party pursuant to this Section 7 is received from the relevant Tax authority.

     (i) [RESERVED.]

     (j) True Lease Guaranty.
         -------------------

          (i) Buyer  shall not report  any Lease to which a True Lease  Guaranty
     relates  as other  than a true  lease for  Income  Tax  Purposes  or take a
     position  before any taxing  authority or in any Tax Return  (including any
     allocation  pursuant to Section 1060 of the Code or any similar  provision)
     with  respect to any such Lease that is  contrary to or  inconsistent  with
     true lease treatment.

          (ii) In the event that any Obligor  makes a claim  against  Buyer with
     respect to any True Lease Guaranty, Buyer shall promptly notify the Obligor
     to make the claim  against  Seller and  provide  Seller with a copy of such
     claim.

          (iii)  Buyer  shall  cooperate  fully with  Seller in the event of any
     claim under a True Lease Guaranty,  including  providing Seller with copies
     of any documents relating to the relevant Lease or True Lease Guaranty.

                                       39
<PAGE>

         SECTION 8.  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION TO CLOSE.
                     ---------------------------------

         (a)  Conditions  to  Obligation  of Buyer.  The  obligation of Buyer to
              ------------------------------------
consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby at the Closing is subject to
satisfaction of the following conditions:

                  (i)  the  representations  and  warranties of Seller and Agway
         set forth in Section 3(a) and Section 4 above shall be true and correct
         in all material respects (except to the extent such representations and
         warranties speak as of an earlier date) when made and as of the Closing
         Date;

                  (ii) Seller and Agway shall have performed and complied in all
         material  respects  with  all  of the  covenants  to be  performed  and
         complied with by them on or before Closing;

                  (iii)  there  shall not be any  injunction,  judgment,  order,
         decree,  ruling or charge in effect  preventing  consummation of any of
         the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                  (iv)  Seller  and  Agway  shall  have  delivered  to  Buyer  a
         certificate to the effect that each of the conditions  specified  above
         in Section 8(a)(i) and (ii) is satisfied in all respects;

                  (v)  all  applicable   waiting  periods  (and  any  extensions
         thereof)  under the  Hart-Scott-Rodino  Act or the BHC Act  shall  have
         expired  or  otherwise  been  terminated  and the  Parties  shall  have
         received  all  other   authorizations,   consents   and   approvals  of
         Governmental  Entities  referred  to in Section  3(a)(iii)  and Section
         3(b)(iii)  above,  except  that any  filings  which are not  either (i)
         specifically  required by this Agreement or (ii) mandatory filings with
         a Governmental Entity, shall be deemed to be excluded from this Section
         8(a)(v);

                  (vi) Agway shall have properly executed and delivered to Buyer
         the Sublease  Agreement in such form as may be hereafter agreed upon by
         the Parties pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement;

                  (vii)  Seller (as  applicable)  and Agway shall have  properly
         executed and delivered to Buyer the  Transition  Services  Agreement in
         such form as may be  hereafter  agreed upon by the Parties  pursuant to
         Section 12(a) of this Agreement;

                  (viii)  all  certificates,  instruments,  and other  documents
         required to be delivered hereunder or otherwise effect the transactions
         contemplated  hereby  will  be  reasonably  satisfactory  in  form  and
         substance to Buyer;

                  (ix)   Seller  shall  have   received  all   consents;   all
         approvals shall have been given; all notices shall have been sent;  and
         all conditions shall have been  met  which  are   required   under  the
         Securitization  Agreements  set forth on  Schedule  4(n)(i),  as may be

                                       40
<PAGE>

         required by the terms of the  Securitization  Agreements  to permit the
         Seller  to  assign  all of its  right,  title,  and  interest  in  such
         agreements to the Buyer or the applicable Buyer's Affiliate,  including
         without limitation all required consents from any and all note holders,
         trustees,   rating  agencies,  and  insurers  (hereinafter  called  the
         "SECURITIZATION CONSENTS");

                  (x)   Seller shall have  delivered  to Buyer the  results of a
         Uniform Commercial Code search on Seller with the Delaware Secretary of
         State, the New York Secretary of State, and the county of Onondaga, New
         York, which reflect no material liens on the Acquired Assets;

                  (xi)   Agway   shall   have   delivered   to  Buyer  a  final,
         non-appealable  order of the  Bankruptcy  Court,  in form and substance
         acceptable  to  the  Buyer  in  its  sole  discretion,  approving  this
         Agreement  and  authorizing  Agway to enter into and perform all of its
         obligations under this Agreement;

                  (xii)  Seller  shall have  executed  and  delivered to Buyer a
         settlement  statement  setting  forth  Seller's  reasonable  and lawful
         Purchase Price disbursement instructions in a form acceptable to Buyer;
         and

                  (xiii)  Seller shall have  delivered to Buyer such  additional
         certificates,   instruments  and  documents  as  Buyer  may  reasonably
         request.

Buyer may waive any  condition  specified  in this Section 8(a) if it executes a
writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.

         (b)  Conditions to Obligation of Seller.  The  obligation of Seller and
              ----------------------------------
Agway to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby at the  Closing is
subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:

                  (i)   the representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in
         Section 3(b) above shall be true and correct in all  material  respects
         when made and as of the Closing Date;

                  (ii)  Buyer shall have performed  and complied with all of its
         covenants hereunder in all material respects through the Closing;

                  (iii) there  shall not be any  injunction,  judgment,  order,
         decree,  ruling, or charge in effect preventing  consummation of any of
         the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                  (iv)  Buyer  shall  have  delivered  to  Seller  and  Agway  a
         certificate to the effect that each of the conditions  specified  above
         in Section 8(b)(i) and (ii) is satisfied in all respects;

                                       41
<PAGE>

                  (v)  all  applicable   waiting  periods  (and  any  extensions
         thereof)  under the  Hart-Scott-Rodino  Act or the BHC Act  shall  have
         expired  or  otherwise  been  terminated  and the  Parties  shall  have
         received  all  other   authorizations,   consents   and   approvals  of
         Governmental  Entities  referred  to in Section  3(a)(iii)  and Section
         3(b)(iii)  above,  except  that any  filings  which are not  either (i)
         specifically  required by this Agreement or (ii) mandatory filings with
         a Governmental Entity, shall be deemed to be excluded from this Section
         8(b)(v);

                  (vi)  all  certificates,   instruments,  and  other  documents
         required  to  effect  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  will  be
         satisfactory in form and substance to Seller and Agway; and

                  (vii) Buyer shall have  properly  executed  and  delivered  to
         Seller the Servicing  Agreement in such form as may be hereafter agreed
         upon by the Parties pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

Seller and Agway may waive any condition  specified in this Section 8(b) if they
execute a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.

         SECTION 9.  INDEMNIFICATION.
                     ---------------

         (a)   Survival  of   Representations   and   Warranties.   All  of  the
               -------------------------------------------------
representations and warranties of Seller and/or Agway contained in Section 3(a),
Section 4 and Section 7(b) above and Buyer contained in Section 3(b) above shall
survive the Closing hereunder and continue in full force and effect for a period
of three (3) years thereafter, except that the representations and warranties of
Seller and/or Agway which relate expressly or by necessary  implication to Taxes
will  survive the Closing  until  ninety (90) days after the  expiration  of the
relevant  limitations  periods for the  assertion  of claims by the relevant Tax
authority.

         (b)  Indemnification  Provisions for Benefit of Buyer. In the event (i)
              ------------------------------------------------
Seller and/or Agway breach any of their representations, warranties or covenants
contained in this  Agreement,  and provided that Buyer makes a written claim for
indemnification  against  Seller and/or Agway (as  applicable)  pursuant to this
Section 9(b) within the  applicable  survival  period  specified in Section 9(a)
above, or (ii) on or before the sixth (6th) anniversary of the Closing Date, any
Third Party Claim or  threatened  Third Party Claim is made  against  Buyer that
relates to the actions or  inactions  of Seller  and/or  Agway,  then Seller and
Agway  jointly  and  severally  agree to  indemnify  Buyer from and  against any
Adverse  Consequences  Buyer  shall  suffer  as a  result  of  or,  directly  or
indirectly,  relating to such breach or claim. In addition, without limiting the
foregoing,  Seller and Agway jointly and severally agree to indemnify Buyer from
and against any Adverse  Consequences  Buyer may suffer in  connection  with any
Liability which is not an Assumed  Liability.  The provisions of this Subsection
(b) shall survive the Closing.

         (c)  Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Seller. In the event (i)
              ------------------------------------------------
Buyer breaches any of its  representations  and warranties  contained in Section
3(b) above or any of the covenants  contained in this  Agreement to be performed

                                       42
<PAGE>

by  Buyer  and  provided  that  Seller  or  Agway  makes  a  written  claim  for
indemnification   against  Buyer  pursuant  to  this  Section  9(c)  within  the
applicable survival period specified in Section 9(a) above, or (ii) on or before
the sixth  (6th)  anniversary  of the  Closing  Date,  any Third  Party Claim or
threatened Third Party Claim is made against Seller or Agway that relates to the
actions or  inactions  of Buyer or any of the  Subsidiaries  with respect to the
Business after the Closing,  then Buyer agrees to indemnify Seller or Agway from
and against any Adverse Consequences either Seller or Agway shall suffer through
and after the date of the claim  for  indemnification  caused by such  breach or
claim. The provisions of this Subsection (c) shall survive the Closing.

         (d)  Matters Involving Third Parties.
              -------------------------------

                  (i)  If any third party shall notify a Party (the "INDEMNIFIED
         PARTY") with respect to any matter (a "THIRD  PARTY  CLAIM")  which may
         give rise to a claim for  indemnification  against  another  Party (the
         "INDEMNIFYING  PARTY") under this Section 9, then the Indemnified Party
         shall  promptly  notify the  Indemnifying  Party  thereof  in  writing;
         provided,  however,  that the Indemnified Party's failure to perform in
         ------------------
         accordance with this Section 9(d)(i) shall not reduce any its rights or
         the Indemnifying  Party's  obligations under Section 7, Section 9(b) or
         Section 9(c) (as the case may be) unless,  and only to the extent,  the
         Indemnifying Party has been directly and materially  prejudiced by such
         failure to perform.

                  (ii) The Indemnifying Party will have the right at any time to
         assume and thereafter conduct the defense of the Third Party Claim with
         counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party;
         provided,  however, that the Indemnifying Party will not consent to the
         entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement  with respect to the
         Third Party Claim without the prior written  consent of the Indemnified
         Party (not to be withheld or delayed  unreasonably) unless the judgment
         or proposed  settlement  involves only the payment of money damages and
         does not  impose  an  injunction  or other  equitable  relief  upon the
         Indemnified Party.

                  (iii)  Unless  and until an  Indemnifying  Party  assumes  the
         defense of the Third Party Claim as provided in Section 9(d)(ii) above,
         however, the Indemnified Party may defend against the Third Party Claim
         in any manner it reasonably may deem appropriate.

         SECTION 10. TERMINATION.
                     -----------

         (a)  Termination of Agreement. The Parties may terminate this Agreement
              ------------------------
as provided below:

                  (i) Buyer and Seller may  terminate  this  Agreement by mutual
written consent at any time prior to the Closing;


                                       43
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  Buyer may terminate  this  Agreement  by giving  written
         notice  to  Seller at any time  prior to the  Closing  in the event (A)
         Seller has  within the then  previous  forty (40)  business  days given
         Buyer any  notice  pursuant  to  Section  5(e)(i)  above and the breach
         referred to in such notice has  continued  without cure for a period of
         thirty (30) days after such notice and (B) the development  that is the
         subject of the notice has had a Material Adverse Effect on Seller;

                  (iii)  Buyer may terminate  this  Agreement by giving  written
         notice to Seller at any time prior to the  Closing (A) in the event (x)
         Seller or Agway has breached any  representation,  warranty or covenant
         contained in this  Agreement in any respect,  which breach results in a
         Material  Adverse  Effect on Seller or  reflects  the  occurrence  of a
         Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller,  (y) Buyer has notified
         Seller of the breach and (z) the breach has continued  without cure for
         a period of thirty  (30) days  after the notice of breach or (B) if the
         Closing  shall not have  occurred on or before March 1, 2003, by reason
         of the failure of any  condition  precedent  under  Section 8(a) hereof
         (unless the failure results  primarily from Buyer itself  breaching any
         representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement);

                  (iv)  Seller may terminate  this  Agreement by giving  written
         notice to Buyer at any time prior to the Closing (A) in the event Buyer
         has breached any  representation,  warranty,  or covenant  contained in
         this  Agreement in any material  respect,  Seller has notified Buyer of
         the breach,  and the breach has continued  without cure for a period of
         thirty (30) days after the notice of breach or (B) if the Closing shall
         not have  occurred on or before March 1, 2003, by reason of the failure
         of any  condition  precedent  under  Section  8(b)  hereof  (unless the
         failure results primarily from Seller or Agway themselves breaching any
         representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement);

                  (v)  If the sum of the Lease  Net  Investments  of all  Leases
         rejected by Buyer pursuant to Section 2(i) of this Agreement is greater
         than Ten  Million  Dollars  ($10,000,000.00),  then  Seller may, at its
         option  during the five (5) day period  immediately  following the date
         upon which Buyer  identifies  the  Rejected  Leases  (the  "TERMINATION
         WINDOW"),  terminate this  Agreement  upon written notice to Buyer.  If
         Seller  becomes   entitled  to  terminate  this  Agreement  under  this
         Subsection (v) and fails to provide  notice of  termination  within the
         Termination  Window,  then Seller shall have no right to terminate this
         Agreement as a result of or in  connection  with  Buyer's  rejection of
         Leases under Section 2(i); and

                  (vi)  If the Parties do not agree  upon the  form(s) of one or
         more of the Ancillary Documents on or before January 10, 2003, then, at
         any time on or before January 17, 2003,  either Buyer or Seller may, at
         its option, terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other.

         (b)  Effect of  Termination.  If any Party  terminates  this  Agreement
              ----------------------
pursuant  to Section  10(a)  above,  all rights and  obligations  of the Parties

                                       44
<PAGE>

hereunder (but not under the Confidentiality  Agreement) shall terminate without
any  liability of any Party to any other Party  (except for any liability of any
Party then in breach).

         SECTION 11.  SECTION 363 SALE.
                      ----------------

         (a)  Auction.  Buyer acknowledges  that Seller may (but is not required
              -------
to) conduct an auction sale of the Acquired  Assets in  connection  with Agway's
bankruptcy  proceeding prior to the hearing contemplated by Section 3(a)(iii) of
this  Agreement  on a motion  seeking  approval of the  transactions  under this
Agreement (the "AUCTION"). Seller may solicit and obtain bids during the Auction
for the Acquired Assets in accordance with the Bid Procedures  (defined  below),
or such other procedures as the Bankruptcy Court may order.

         (b)  Bid Procedures.  In the event Seller elects to conduct an Auction,
              --------------
Agway shall seek expedited  approval of the following bid  procedures  (the "BID
PROCEDURES") and the Break-Up Fee (as defined below):

                  (i)  The Auction shall be set on the same date and one(1) hour
         prior to the sale approval hearing before the Bankruptcy Court.

                  (ii) To  participate  in the  Auction,  a bidder must become a
         "QUALIFIED  BIDDER" by submitting  the following to the Seller at least
         two (2) business days prior to the date of the Auction:

                       (A)   An  executed  version of  this  Agreement,  clearly
         marked to show  changes in the  definition  of the Buyer to the name of
         the  bidder  and  the  purchase  price  to one  hundred  three  percent
         (103.00%) of the original Purchase Price (the "363 PURCHASE PRICE");

                       (B)   A  letter  stating  the  offer  is (i)  irrevocable
         until the  Seller  closes a sale of the  Acquired  Assets  with a third
         party, (ii) not contingent upon due diligence, and (iii) not contingent
         upon obtaining financing;

                       (C)   Evidence  of ability to consummate the transaction;
         and

                       (D)   A certified  check  payable to Telmark in an amount
         equal  to  five  percent   (5.00%)  of  the  363  Purchase  Price  (the
         "DEPOSIT").

         Seller shall determine in its sole discretion  whether a bidder who has
         timely  submitted the required  items  constitutes a Qualified  Bidder.
         Buyer  is  deemed  to be a  Qualified  Bidder  upon  execution  of this
         Agreement.

                  (iii) At the  Auction,  which  shall  occur only if there is a
         Qualified Bidder other than Buyer, the initial bid shall be one hundred
         three percent  (103.00%) of the original  Purchase  Price.  Thereafter,
         bids shall be increased in increments of one percent  (1.00%) (or more)
         of the original  Purchase Price.  Buyer shall be entitled to credit bid
         the amount of the Break-Up  Fee. The Auction  shall  continue  until no

                                       45
<PAGE>

         Qualified  Bidder is willing to make a higher  bid (the  "FINAL  BID").
         Agway shall  immediately  seek approval from the Bankruptcy Court for a
         sale to the Qualified Bidder who made the Final Bid.

                  (iv) Any Qualified Bidder who did not make the Final Bid shall
         be entitled to return of the Deposit within two (2) business days after
         the  Bankruptcy  Court  approves  the  proposed  transaction  with  the
         Qualified Bidder who made the Final Bid.

         (c)  Break-Up  Fee.  If a Qualified  Bidder  other than Buyer makes the
              -------------
Final Bid, then Seller may accept such Final Bid, provided that Seller shall pay
to Buyer at the closing of the sale of the  Acquired  Assets an amount  equal to
two percent  (2.00%) of the original  Purchase  Price under this  Agreement (the
"BREAK-UP FEE") in compensation  for Buyer's expenses and efforts in negotiating
this  Agreement  and in  recognition  of the value created for Seller by Buyer's
participation in the transaction.

         SECTION 12.  ANCILLARY DOCUMENTS.
                      -------------------

         (a)  Agreement Upon Forms.  On or before  January 10, 2003, the Parties
              --------------------
shall have agreed  upon the form of (i) the  Assignments,  (ii) the  Assumption,
(iii) the Sublease Agreement,  (iv) the Transition  Services Agreement,  and (v)
the Servicing Agreement.  As so agreed upon, the above-listed documents shall be
attached to this Agreement as Exhibits B through F, respectively.

         (b)  Failure to Reach  Agreement.  The  failure of the Parties to reach
              ---------------------------
agreement on the form of the Ancillary  Documents on or before January 10, 2003,
shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a breach of this Agreement on the
part of any  Party or  otherwise  give  rise to any  claim in favor of any Party
against any other Party.

         SECTION 13.  MISCELLANEOUS.
                      -------------

         (a)  Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement
              ----------------
constitute  the entire  agreement  among the  Parties  and  supersede  any prior
understandings,  agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written
or oral,  to the extent  they  relate in any way to the  subject  matter of this
Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement.

         (b)  No Third-Party  Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not confer any
              -----------------------------
rights or remedies  upon any Person other than the Parties and their  respective
successors and permitted assigns.

         (c)  Succession  and  Assignment.  This Agreement shall be binding upon
              ---------------------------
and inure to the benefit of the Parties  and  their  respective  successors  and
permitted  assigns.  No Party may assign  either  this  Agreement  or any of its
rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of
the other Parties.

                                       46
<PAGE>

         (d)  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in  one or  more
              ------------
counterparts,  each of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.

         (e)  Headings.  The section  headings  contained in this  Agreement are
              --------
included  for  convenience  only and shall not affect in any way the  meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.

         (f)  Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement
              -------
must be in  writing  and will be deemed to have  been duly  given if  delivered,
telecopied or mailed, by certified mail, return receipt  requested,  first-class
postage prepaid, to the parties at the following addresses:

         If to Buyer                Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc.
                  to:               800 Walnut Street
                                    Des Moines, Iowa 50309
                                    Attention: General Counsel
                                    Telephone: 515-557-7251
                                    Facsimile: 515-557-7602

         If to Seller               Telmark LLC
                  to:               333 Butternut Drive
                                    Dewitt, New York  13214
                                    Attention:  Peter J. O'Neill
                                    Telephone:  315-449-6568
                                    Facsimile:  315-449-7451


         If to Agway                Agway Inc.
                  to:               333 Butternut Drive
                                    Dewitt, New York  13214
                                    Attention:  Peter J. O'Neill
                                    Telephone:  315-449-6568
                                    Facsimile:  315-449-7451

All notices and other communications  required or permitted under this Agreement
that are addressed as provided in this Section will, if delivered personally, be
deemed given upon delivery, will, if delivered by facsimile, be deemed delivered
when confirmed and will, if delivered by mail in the manner  described above, be
deemed  given on the  third  business  day after  the day it is  deposited  in a
regular  depository  of  the  United  States  mail.  Any  of  the  Parties  from
time-to-time  may change its address for the purpose of notices to that Party by
giving a similar  notice  specifying a new  address,  but no such notice will be
deemed to have been given until it is actually  received by the Party  sought to
be charged with the contents thereof.

         (g)  Governing  Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.
              ----------------------------------------------------------------

                                       47
<PAGE>

                  (i)   This Agreement shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
         accordance  with the domestic laws of the State of Iowa without  giving
         effect to any choice or conflict of law  provision or rule  (whether of
         the  State of Iowa or any  other  jurisdiction)  that  would  cause the
         application  of the laws of any  jurisdiction  other  than the State of
         Iowa. Any and all actions or proceedings  arising out of this Agreement
         shall be venued in a state or federal  court  within the State of Iowa,
         and each party  hereby  submits to the  personal  jurisdiction  of such
         courts.

                  (ii) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY
         CONTROVERSY  WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS  AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
         COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES,  AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY
         IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO
         A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY  LITIGATION  DIRECTLY  OR  INDIRECTLY
         ARISING  OUT OF OR  RELATING  TO  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR THE  TRANSACTIONS
         CONTEMPLATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND  ACKNOWLEDGES
         THAT (1) NO  REPRESENTATIVE,  AGENT OR  ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS
         REPRESENTED,  EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,  THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT,
         IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,  SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER,  (2)
         EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS
         WAIVER,  (III) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER  VOLUNTARILY,  AND (3)
         EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
         OTHER THINGS,  THE MUTUAL  WAIVERS AND  CERTIFICATIONS  IN THIS SECTION
         13(G).

         (h)  Amendments  and Waivers.  No  amendment  of any  provision of this
              -----------------------
Agreement  shall be valid  unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Parties. No waiver by any of the Parties of any default,  misrepresentation,  or
breach of warranty or covenant  hereunder,  whether intentional or not, shall be
deemed  to  extend to any prior or  subsequent  default,  misrepresentation,  or
breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising
by virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence.

         (i)  Severability.  Any term or  provision  of this  Agreement  that is
              ------------
invalid or unenforceable  in any situation in any jurisdiction  shall not affect
the validity or  enforceability  of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or
the validity or  enforceability  of the offending term or provision in any other
situation or in any other jurisdiction.

         (j)  Expenses.  Each  Party  will  bear  its  own  costs  and  expenses
              --------
(including  legal fees and expenses)  incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing,  Buyer shall pay all filing fees in connection with filings under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or the BHC Act.

                                       48
<PAGE>

         (k)  Construction.   The  Parties  have  participated  jointly  in  the
              ------------
negotiation  and  drafting  of this  Agreement.  In the  event an  ambiguity  or
question of intent or interpretation  arises,  this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall
arise  favoring or  disfavoring  any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of
the provisions of this Agreement.  Any reference to any federal,  state or local
statute  or law  shall be  deemed  also to refer to all  rules  and  regulations
promulgated  thereunder,   unless  the  context  requires  otherwise.  The  word
"including"  shall  mean  including  without  limitation.  Except  as  otherwise
specifically set forth herein,  all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement
shall refer to United States dollars.

         (l)  Offset.  Buyer shall have the right,  at its sole  discretion,  to
              ------
offset or recoup  any  obligation  of Agway to Buyer  under  this  Agreement  or
otherwise  against  any  amount  which may be payable to Seller by Buyer for any
reason.  To the  extent  applicable  to any  offset  or  recoupment  under  this
Subsection  (l),  Agway shall  consent to relief from the  automatic  stay of 11
U.S.C. 362(a) in Agway's bankruptcy case.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                             EXECUTION PAGE FOLLOWS]



                                       49
<PAGE>




         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                             WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.


                                             By  /s/  DANIEL DUNN
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its Senior Vice President
                                             -----------------------------------

                                             TELMARK, LLC


                                             By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its      President
                                             -----------------------------------


                                             AGWAY, INC.


                                             By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its      Vice President
                                             -----------------------------------


                                             TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC


                                             By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its      President
                                             -----------------------------------


                                             TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC


                                             By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its      President
                                             -----------------------------------


                                             TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.


                                             By  /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Its      President
                                             -----------------------------------



                  [EXECUTION PAGE TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

<PAGE>
                     ADDENDUM 1 TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                            PRIMARY RESERVE HOLDBACK


     1. Buyer shall hold back from the Purchase Price a sum equal to one percent
     (1.00%)  thereof,  plus one percent  (1.00%) of the amount (if any) paid by
     Buyer to Seller pursuant to Section 2(g) of the Agreement,  which amount(s)
     shall be placed in a reserve fund (the "PRIMARY RESERVE FUND") and held and
     administered  as set forth in this  Addendum.  The sum total of all amounts
     placed  into the  Primary  Reserve  Fund  pursuant  to the  Asset  Purchase
     Agreement (the "AGREEMENT") may be hereinafter  referred to as the "PRIMARY
     RESERVE FUND DEPOSIT".

     2. Subject to Section 3, below, from time-to-time at Buyer's option,  Buyer
     may charge to the Primary Reserve Fund: (a) the Finance  Receivable for any
     Lease with a federal or municipal entity under which any payment remains or
     becomes unpaid due to cancellation,  non-funding or non-appropriation;  (b)
     any  obligation of Seller and/or Agway under the Agreement  under which any
     payment  remains or becomes  unpaid by Seller and/or Agway,  and/or (c) any
     other  amounts  that may become due Buyer  from  Seller or Agway  under the
     terms  and  conditions  of  the  Agreement,  the  Real  Property  Lease  or
     otherwise.  In the event of a withdrawal  from the Primary  Reserve Fund by
     Buyer  pursuant  to  Subsection  (b) or  Subsection  (c),  above,  Seller's
     monetary  obligation  to Buyer which gave rise to the  withdrawal  shall be
     satisfied to the extent of the withdrawal.

     3. Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 2, above, to the contrary:

          A.   Subject to  Subsection  B,  below,  Buyer shall not (i) make more
               than one (1) withdrawal  from the Primary Reserve Fund during any
               three (3) month  period,  or (ii)  make any  withdrawal  from the
               Primary Reserve Fund unless and until the aggregate  amount to be
               withdrawn  is equal to or  greater  than Fifty  Thousand  Dollars
               ($50,000.00).

          B.   Notwithstanding anything contained in Subsection A, above, to the
               contrary,  each year,  at any time  during the month  immediately
               preceding  the  anniversary  date of the Closing,  Buyer shall be
               entitled to withdraw  from the Primary  Reserve  Fund any and all
               amounts to which it is entitled  under Section 2, above,  and the
               restrictions   set  forth  in  Subsection  A,  above,   shall  be
               inapplicable to each such withdrawal.

     4. Subject to any charges by Buyer  pursuant to 2(a) through  2(c),  above:
     (a) on the last day of the eighteenth  (18th) month  immediately  following
     the month of the Closing, Buyer shall pay to Seller the amounts (if any) in
     the Primary Reserve Fund in excess of fifty percent (50.00%) of the Primary
     Reserve Fund Deposit,  and (b) on the last day of the  thirty-sixth  (36th)
     month  immediately  following the month of the Closing,  Buyer shall pay to
     Seller the amounts (if any) remaining in the Primary Reserve Fund.
<PAGE>


     5. Buyer shall pay into the  Primary  Reserve  Fund  interest on the credit
     balance in Primary  Reserve Fund at a  fluctuating  rate per annum which at
     all times shall be equal to the LIBOR as in effect from  time-to-time,  and
     such interest shall be calculated on the credit balance prior to payment of
     amounts due to Seller under Section 4, above.

     6. Except as otherwise  specifically  defined herein, all capitalized terms
     used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                             EXECUTION PAGE FOLLOWS]

                                       2

<PAGE>





Dated:  December 20, 2002

                               WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL DUNN
                                  ---------------------------------
                               Its:  Senior Vice President
                                  ---------------------------------

                               TELMARK, LLC



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  ---------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  ---------------------------------

                               AGWAY, INC.



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  ---------------------------------
                               Its:  Vice President
                                  ---------------------------------

                               TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II. LLC



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  ---------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  ---------------------------------

                               TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  ---------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  ---------------------------------

                               TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.



                               By:  /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                  --------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  --------------------------------


                         [EXECUTION PAGE TO ADDENDUM 1]
<PAGE>


                     ADDENDUM 2 TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                          ADJUSTMENTS RESERVE HOLDBACK


     1. Buyer  shall hold back from the  Purchase  Price a sum equal to one-half
     percent  (0.50%)  thereof,  which  shall be placed  in a reserve  fund (the
     "ADJUSTMENTS  RESERVE FUND") and held and administered as set forth in this
     Addendum.  The sum total of all amounts placed into the Adjustments Reserve
     Fund pursuant to the Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (the  "AGREEMENT")  may be
     hereinafter referred to as the "ADJUSTMENTS RESERVE FUND DEPOSIT".

     2. From time-to-time at Buyer's option, Buyer may charge to the Adjustments
     Reserve  Fund:  (a) any  amount(s)  due  Buyer  under  Section  2(g) of the
     Agreement,  and/or  (b) any other  amounts  that may  become due Buyer from
     Seller or Agway under the terms and conditions of the  Agreement,  the Real
     Property Lease or otherwise.

     3. Subject to any charges by Buyer pursuant to 2(a) through 2(c), above, on
     the ninety-first  (91st) day immediately  following the Closing Date, Buyer
     shall pay to Seller  the  amounts  (if any)  remaining  in the  Adjustments
     Reserve Fund.

     4. Buyer shall pay into the Adjustments Reserve Fund interest on the credit
     balance in the  Adjustments  Reserve Fund at a  fluctuating  rate per annum
     which  at  all  times  shall  be  equal  to the  LIBOR  as in  effect  from
     time-to-time,  and such interest  shall be calculated on the credit balance
     prior to payment of amounts due to Seller under Section 3, above.

     5. Except as otherwise  specifically  defined herein, all capitalized terms
     used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                             EXECUTION PAGE FOLLOWS]


<PAGE>




Dated:  December 20, 2002

                               WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL DUNN
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:  Senior Vice President
                                  -------------------------------

                               TELMARK, LLC



                               By:  /s/   DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:    President
                                  -------------------------------

                               AGWAY, INC.



                               By:   /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:   Vice President
                                  -------------------------------

                               TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II. LLC



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:   President
                                  -------------------------------

                               TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC



                               By:  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  -------------------------------

                               TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.



                               By:  /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                  -------------------------------
                               Its:  President
                                  -------------------------------


                         [EXECUTION PAGE TO ADDENDUM 2]

<PAGE>
                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
                                  BY AND AMONG
                       WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.
                                   AGWAY, INC.
                                  TELMARK, LLC
                          TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC
                         TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC
                                       AND
                        TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.

                                DECEMBER 20, 2002
                               * * * * * * * * * *

Displayed below is a summary of Exhibits and Disclosure  Schedules that have not
been filed. We will furnish  supplementally a copy of any omitted Exhibit and/or
Disclosure Schedule to the Commission upon request.

Items
-----
Exhibit A                Estimated Calculation of Purchase Price as of
                          September 30, 2002
Exhibit B                Assignments
Exhibit C                Assumption
Exhibit D                Sublease Agreement
Exhibit E                Transition Services Agreement
Exhibit F                Servicing Agreement
Appendix A               Leases in Defensive Litigation
Schedule 1               Agway Petroleum Hauler Contracts
Schedule 3(a)(iii)       Consents and Approvals; No Violation
Schedule 4(a)            Title to Acquired Assets
Schedule 4(b)            Financial Information
Schedule 4(c)            Subsequent Events
Schedule 4(d)            Permits and Compliance
Schedule 4(e)            Third Party Contracts (to which Seller is a Party)
Schedule 4(f)            Real Property
Schedule 4(g)(i)         Lease Transactions and Lease Documents
Schedule 4(g)(ii)        Lease Transactions and Lease Documents
Schedule 4(g)(iv)        Lease Transactions and Lease Documents
Schedule 4(g)(x)         Lease Transactions and Lease Documents
Schedule 4(g)(xviii)     Leases in Progress
Schedule 4(g)(xxv)       Lease Transactions and Lease Documents
Schedule 4(h)            Actions and Proceedings
Schedule 4(i)            Certain Agreements
Schedule 4(m)(i)         Intellectual Property
Schedule 4(m)-2          Other Intellectual Property Rights
Schedule 4(m)(ii)        Potential Infringement Matters
Schedule 4(m)(iv)        Intellectual Property Rights
Schedule 4(n)(i)         Securitizations
Schedule 4(o)            Domain Names
Exhibit 6(c)(i)          Retained Employees

Ancillary  Documents   To   Addendum   To   Asset   Purchase   Agreement   dated
January 15, 2003
Exhibit B                Assignment and Bill of Sale
Exhibit C                Assumption Agreement
Exhibit D                Sublease Agreement
Exhibit E                Servicing Agreement
Exhibit F                Transition Services Agreement

<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 2(b)

<PAGE>




                      AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Amendment to Asset Purchase  Agreement (this  "AMENDMENT") is made
and entered  into as of the 8th day of January,  2003,  by and among WELLS FARGO
FINANCIAL LEASING, INC., an Iowa corporation ("BUYER"); TELMARK, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company  ("TELMARK");  the following wholly owned subsidiaries
of Telmark: TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
TELMARK  LEASE  FUNDING III,  LLC, a Delaware  limited  liability  company,  and
TELEASE FINANCIAL  SERVICES,  LTD., an Ontario  corporation  (collectively,  the
"SUBSIDIARIES"  and, together with Telmark,  collectively  referred to herein as
"SELLER");  and AGWAY  INC.,  a  Delaware  corporation  and the owner of all the
issued and  outstanding  limited  liability  interests  (within  the  meaning of
Section  18-701 of the Delaware  Limited  Liability  Company Act, as amended) of
Telmark  ("AGWAY").  Buyer,  Agway and Seller may be  referred  to herein as the
"PARTIES."

         WHEREAS,  Buyer,  Seller and Agway are  parties to that  certain  Asset
Purchase Agreement dated as of December 20, 2002 (the "AGREEMENT");

         WHEREAS,  under  Section 4(e) of the  Agreement,  Buyer is required to,
within  twenty (20) days after the date of the  Agreement,  identify on Schedule
4(e)-2 those Third Party Contracts that it does not wish to acquire;

         WHEREAS,  Section  6(c)(i)(A) of the  Agreement  provides that Retained
Employees (as defined in the Agreement) are to be identified in Schedule 6(c)(i)
thereto; and

         WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend the Agreement in order to extend the
time for  identifying  the Third  Party  Contracts  that  Buyer does not wish to
acquire  and for  identifying  the  Retained  Employees,  all upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in exchange for the mutual  promises  and  agreements
hereinafter  set  forth,  and for other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby covenant and agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this
                    -----------
Amendment shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Agreement.

         SECTION 2.  EXTENSION  OF TIME FOR  IDENTIFYING  REJECTED  THIRD  PARTY
                     -----------------------------------------------------------
CONTRACTS.  The language in Section 4(e) of the  Agreement is hereby  deleted in
---------
its entirety and replaced with the following language:

                Contracts.  Schedule  4(e),  attached  hereto  and  made  a part
                ---------
                hereof,   lists  all  written   contracts   and  other   written
                agreements,  other than Lease  Documents,  to which  Seller is a
                party,  including without limitation,  all software licenses and
                assignments,  all other  licenses  and  assignments  relative to
                Intellectual  Property Rights, and all vendor, dealer and broker
                agreements (collectively,  the "THIRD PARTY CONTRACTS").  Seller
                has delivered to Buyer correct and complete  copies of the Third
<PAGE>

                Party  Contracts  listed on Schedule  4(e) (as amended to date).
                Buyer shall,  prior to the consummation of the Closing,  list on
                Schedule  4(e)-2 those Third Party  Contracts  which it does not
                wish to acquire,  and may, from  time-to-time and at its option,
                modify  and/or  otherwise  update  Schedule  4(e)-2 prior to the
                consummation  of the  Closing.  With respect to each Third Party
                Contract not listed in Schedule 4(e)-2 as of the consummation of
                the Closing,  and except as set forth in Schedule  4(e): (A) the
                agreement is valid and  enforceable in accordance with its terms
                in  all  material   respects,   subject  to  limitations  as  to
                enforceability  which might result from bankruptcy,  insolvency,
                moratorium,  and other similar laws affecting  creditor's rights
                generally and subject to the effect of public policy and general
                principles  of  equity,   including   concepts  of  materiality,
                reasonableness,  good faith and fair dealing,  and other similar
                doctrines affecting the enforceability of agreements  generally;
                (B) the agreement  will continue to be valid and  enforceable to
                the same extent as  described  in clause (A),  and in full force
                and  effect  following  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
                contemplated  hereby  (including the assignments and assumptions
                referred  to in  Section 2 above);  (C) no party is in breach or
                default,  and no event has  occurred  which,  with the giving of
                notice,  the lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach or
                default, or permit termination,  modification,  or acceleration,
                under the agreement,  and (D) the written agreement(s)  provided
                to Buyer relative thereto is an exclusive statement of the terms
                and conditions of the agreement between the parties thereto.

         SECTION 3. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR IDENTIFYING  RETAINED  EMPLOYEES.  The
                    ------------------------------------------------------
language  contained in Section  6(c)(i)(A) is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following language:

                "RETAINED  EMPLOYEES"  means the people who are (1) employees of
                Seller in  connection  with the  Business  on the  Closing  Date
                immediately prior to consummation of the Closing, and (2) now or
                hereafter  identified  in  Schedule  6(c)(i).   Buyer  shall  be
                entitled  to, from  time-to-time  at its option,  modify  and/or
                otherwise  update Schedule  6(c)(i) prior to the consummation of
                the Closing.

         SECTION 4. MISCELLANEOUS. As amended under Sections 2 and 3, above, the
                    -------------
provisions  of  the  Agreement  shall  remain  in  full  force  and  effect.  No
modification or addition to this Amendment shall be effective  unless it is in a
writing  signed by all of the Parties.  Section  headings have been included for
convenience  purposes only,  and shall not be construed as substantive  parts of
this Amendment. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which  together will  constitute
one and the same  instrument.  A facsimile or other copy of this Amendment shall
have the full force and effect of the original.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                             EXECUTION PAGE FOLLOWS]


<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment as
of the date first above written.

                                             WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.


                                             By  /s/    DANIEL DUNN
                                                ------------------------------
                                             Its  Senior Vice President

                                             TELMARK, LLC


                                              By  /s/   DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                 -----------------------------
                                              Its    President
                                                 -----------------------------


                                              AGWAY, INC.


                                              By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                 -----------------------------
                                              Its   Vice President
                                                 -----------------------------


                                              TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC


                                              By   /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                 -----------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                 -----------------------------


                                              TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC


                                              By   /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                 -----------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                  ----------------------------


                                              TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.


                                              By   /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                                 -----------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                  ----------------------------



            [EXECUTION PAGE TO AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT 2(c)
<PAGE>


                  SECOND AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Second Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement (this "AMENDMENT") is
made and entered  into as of the 10th day of January,  2003,  by and among WELLS
FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING,  INC., an Iowa corporation  ("BUYER");  TELMARK, LLC, a
Delaware  limited  liability  company  ("TELMARK");  the following  wholly owned
subsidiaries  of Telmark:  TELMARK  LEASE  FUNDING  II, LLC, a Delaware  limited
liability company,  TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company,   and  TELEASE  FINANCIAL   SERVICES,   LTD.,  an  Ontario  corporation
(collectively,  the  "SUBSIDIARIES"  and,  together with  Telmark,  collectively
referred to herein as "SELLER");  and AGWAY INC., a Delaware corporation and the
owner of all the issued and outstanding  limited liability interests (within the
meaning of Section  18-701 of the  Delaware  Limited  Liability  Company Act, as
amended) of Telmark ("AGWAY"). Buyer, Agway and Seller may be referred to herein
as the "PARTIES."

         WHEREAS,  Buyer,  Seller and Agway are  parties to that  certain  Asset
Purchase   Agreement   dated  as  of  December  20,  2002  (as  amended   and/or
supplemented, the "AGREEMENT");

         WHEREAS, under Section 12(a) of the Agreement, on or before January 10,
2003,  the  Parties  are  required  to  agree  upon the  forms of the  Ancillary
Documents  (as  defined  in the  Agreement),  as more  fully  set  forth  in the
Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend the Agreement in order to extend the
time for agreeing upon the forms of the Ancillary Documents;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in exchange for the mutual  promises  and  agreements
hereinafter  set  forth,  and for other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby covenant and agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this
                    -----------
Amendment shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Agreement.

         SECTION 2.  EXTENSION OF TIME.
                     -----------------

          A.   The date "January 10, 2003" in Section  10(a)(vi),  Section 12(a)
               and Section 12(b) of the Agreement is hereby,  in each  instance,
               deleted and replaced with "January 15, 2003".

          B.   The date "January 17, 2003" in Section 10(a)(vi) of the Agreement
               is hereby deleted and replaced with "January 22, 2003".

         SECTION 3.  MISCELLANEOUS.  As amended  under  Section  2,  above,  the
                     -------------
provisions  of  the  Agreement  shall  remain  in  full  force  and  effect.  No
modification or addition to this Amendment shall be effective  unless it is in a
writing  signed by all of the Parties.  Section  headings have been included for
convenience  purposes only,  and shall not be construed as substantive  parts of
this Amendment. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which  together will  constitute
one and the same  instrument.  A facsimile or other copy of this Amendment shall
have the full force and effect of the original.



<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment as
of the date first above written.

                                             WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.


                                              By  /s/  DANIEL DUNN
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its  Senior Vice President

                                              TELMARK, LLC


                                              By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                --------------------------------


                                              AGWAY, INC.


                                              By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its  Vice President
                                                --------------------------------


                                              TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC


                                              By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its  President
                                                --------------------------------


                                              TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC


                                              By   /s/ DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                --------------------------------


                                              TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.


                                              By   /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                                --------------------------------
                                              Its   President
                                                --------------------------------


                       [EXECUTION PAGE OF SECOND AMENDMENT
                          TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 2(d)

<PAGE>



                      ADDENDUM TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Addendum to Asset Purchase Agreement (this "ADDENDUM") is made and
entered  into as of the 15th day of  January,  2003,  by and among  WELLS  FARGO
FINANCIAL LEASING, INC., an Iowa corporation ("BUYER"); TELMARK, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company  ("TELMARK");  the following wholly owned subsidiaries
of Telmark: TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
TELMARK  LEASE  FUNDING III,  LLC, a Delaware  limited  liability  company,  and
TELEASE FINANCIAL  SERVICES,  LTD., an Ontario  corporation  (collectively,  the
"SUBSIDIARIES"  and, together with Telmark,  collectively  referred to herein as
"SELLER");  and AGWAY  INC.,  a  Delaware  corporation  and the owner of all the
issued and  outstanding  limited  liability  interests  (within  the  meaning of
Section  18-701 of the Delaware  Limited  Liability  Company Act, as amended) of
Telmark  ("AGWAY").  Buyer,  Agway and Seller may be  referred  to herein as the
"PARTIES."

         WHEREAS,  Buyer,  Seller and Agway are  parties to that  certain  Asset
Purchase   Agreement   dated  as  of  December  20,  2002  (as  amended   and/or
supplemented, the "AGREEMENT");

         WHEREAS, under Section 12(a) of the Agreement, the Parties are to agree
upon the forms of the Ancillary  Documents  (as defined in the  Agreement) on or
before January 15, 2003, as more fully set forth therein; and

         WHEREAS,  the  Parties  have  agreed  upon  the  forms of the Ancillary
Documents;

         NOW, THEREFORE,  for good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of which is hereby  acknowledged,  and intended to be legally bound
hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

     1.   Ancillary Documents. The  forms  of  the following Ancillary Documents
          -------------------
have been agreed upon by the parties, and are hereby attached to and made a part
of the Agreement as Exhibits B through F, respectively, thereto:

          A.   Assignment in the form of Exhibit B, attached hereto;

          B.   Assumption in the form of Exhibit C, attached hereto;

          C.   Sublease Agreement in the form of Exhibit D, attached hereto;

          D.   Servicing  Agreement in the form of Exhibit E,  attached  hereto;
               and

          E.   Transition  Services Agreement in the form of Exhibit F, attached
               hereto.

     2.   Miscellaneous.  As  supplemented  by this Addendum,  the provisions of
          -------------
the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. No modification or addition
to this Addendum  shall be effective  unless it is in a writing signed by all of
the Parties.  Section headings have been included for convenience purposes only,
and shall not be construed as substantive parts of this Addendum.  This Addendum
may be  executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an
original but all of which together will constitute one and the same  instrument.
A facsimile or other copy of this Addendum  shall have the full force and effect
of the original.



<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Addendum as
of the date first above written.

                                            WELLS FARGO FINANCIAL LEASING, INC.


                                            By /s/   DANIEL DUNN
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its  Senior Vice President
                                              ----------------------------------

                                            TELMARK, LLC


                                            By  /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its   President
                                              ----------------------------------


                                            AGWAY, INC.


                                            By   /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its   Vice President
                                              ----------------------------------


                                            TELMARK LEASE FUNDING II, LLC


                                            By   /s/  DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its   President
                                              ----------------------------------


                                            TELMARK LEASE FUNDING III, LLC


                                            By    /s/ DANIEL J. EDINGER
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its   President
                                              ----------------------------------


                                            TELEASE FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.


                                            By  /s/  GEORGE F. LOTT
                                              ----------------------------------
                                            Its   President
                                              ----------------------------------


            [EXECUTION PAGE OF ADDENDUM TO ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT]



<PAGE>



                                  EXHIBIT 2(e)

<PAGE>



COPY                      FAEGRE & BENSON LLP                               COPY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                2200 WELLS FARGO CENTER, 90 SOUTH SEVENTH STREET
                        MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA 55402-3901
                             TELEPHONE 612.766.7000
                             FACSIMILE 612.766.1600
                                 www.faegre.com

                                                              MICHAEL R. STEWART
                                                             mstewart@faegre.com
                                                                    612.766.7928
                                February 4, 2003




Robert J. Feinstein                                               BY TELECOPY
Pachulski, Stang, Ziehl, Young, Jones & Weintraub, P.C.           -------------
461 Fifth Avenue                                                  (212) 561-7777
25th Floor
New York, NY  10017-6234


         Re:  Wells Fargo Financial Leasing Purchase of Assets of Telmark
              -----------------------------------------------------------

Dear Mr. Feinstein:

         This  confirms the  agreement of Wells Fargo  Financial  Leasing,  Inc.
("Wells   Fargo")  and  the  Official   Unsecured   Creditors'   Committee  (the
"Committee") of Agway, Inc. ("Agway"), with respect to the Committee's Objection
(the  "Objection")  to the  Debtors'  Motion  for an Order (A)  Authorizing  and
Scheduling  an  Auction  for the Sale of  Substantially  All of the  Assets  and
Assumption  of  Certain   Liabilities  of  Debtor's   Wholly  Owned   Non-Debtor
Subsidiary, Telmark, LLC, (B) Approving the Terms and Conditions of Such Auction
and  Break-Up  Fee, (C)  Approving  Form and Manner of Notice of the Auction and
Sale  Hearing,  and (D)  Establishing  Date  and Time for  Hearing  to  Consider
Approval of Proposed Sale  Resulting  from Auction (the  "Motion").  Capitalized
terms not otherwise  defined herein shall have the meanings  ascribed to them in
the Motion or in the Agreement.

         We have agreed as follows:

                  1.  Provided  that the Parties amend the Agreement as provided
         below, the Committee will (i) withdraw the Objection, and (ii) will not
         object to any other  provision  of the  Agreement  in  connection  with
         Agway's  motion (which will be filed  shortly) for approval of the sale
         contemplated  by the  Agreement.  The  Committee  reserves  its rights,
         however,  to object to the entirety of the proposed sale to Wells Fargo
         under the  Agreement  on the  grounds  that the sale is not in the best
         interest of Agway's estate.

                  2. Section 11(c) of the  Agreement  will be amended to provide
         that  the  Break-Up   Fee  shall  be  equal  to  Ten  Million   Dollars
         ($10,000,000).
<PAGE>
Robert J. Feinstein
February 4, 2003
Page 2



                  3. Section  11(b)(ii)(A)  of the Agreement  will be amended to
         provide that the 363 Purchase  Price shall equal the original  Purchase
         Price plus Eleven Million Dollars ($11,000,000).

                  4.  Section  11(b)(iii)  of the  Agreement  will be amended to
         provide  that  (i) the  initial  bid  shall  be equal to the sum of the
         original Purchase Price plus Eleven Million Dollars ($11,000,000),  and
         (ii) the bidding increments shall be One Million Dollars ($1,000,000).

                  5. The definition of Excluded Assets in the Agreement shall be
         amended  to cover any of  Telmark's  choses in action  which (i) do not
         arise  out of the  Acquired  Assets  or  (ii)  are not  related  to the
         Acquired Assets,  including,  without limitation,  any choses in action
         that Telmark may have against its officers and  directors for breach of
         fiduciary duty.

                  6. Section 2(c) of the  Agreement  shall be amended to require
         that the Seller provide to counsel for the Committee,  at the same time
         it is  provided  to the  Buyer,  a  copy  of  the  Preliminary  Closing
         Statement of Assets and Liabilities.

                  7. Section 2(f) of the  Agreement  shall be amended to require
         that the Buyer shall provide to the  Committee,  at the same time it is
         provided  to the  Seller,  the Final  Closing  Statement  of Assets and
         Liabilities.

                  8. Section 4(g)(i) of the Agreement shall be amended to insert
         the  parenthetical  "(except  as such  enforcement  may be  limited  by
         bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium and other similar
         laws relating to or limiting  creditors'  rights  generally)" after the
         word "enforceable" in both places where it appears.

                  9.  Section  10(a)(i)  of the  Agreement  shall be  amended by
         deleting the words "Buyer and Seller" and replacing them with the words
         "The Parties".

                  10. Section  10(a)(v) of the Agreement shall be amended (i) by
         deleting  the words  "Seller may, at its" and  replacing  them with the
         words "Seller and Agway may, at their",  and (ii) by deleting the words
         "If Seller  becomes  entitled to terminate  this  Agreement  under this
         Subsection (v) and fails to provide  notice of  termination  within the
         Termination  Window, then Seller" and replacing them with the words "If
         Seller and Agway become entitled to terminate this Agreement under this
         Subsection  (v) and fail to  provide  notice  of  termination  with the
         Termination Window, then Seller and Agway".

<PAGE>
Robert J. Feinstein
February 4, 2003
Page 3


                  11. Section 13 of the Agreement shall be amended by adding the
         following sentence at the end of such Section: "Buyer shall seek relief
         from the automatic stay of 11 U.S.C.  ss. 362(a) in Agway's  bankruptcy
         case, if such automatic stay is still in effect,  before exercising its
         right of offset,  provided  that Buyer shall have no obligation to seek
         relief from the  automatic  stay to  withdraw  funds from or charge the
         Primary  Reserve  Holdback or the Adjustments  Reserve  Holdback as set
         forth herein and in Addendum 1 and Addendum 2 hereto."

                  12. The last  sentence of Section  6(c)(vi)  of the  Agreement
         shall be amended to clarify  that the Seller  shall be obligated to pay
         all  Transferred  Employees  the value of their  unused  paid time off,
         pro-rated for the period from January 1, 2003 to the Closing Date.  The
         Seller agrees with the Committee  that it will not pay the  Transferred
         Employees for unused paid time off in excess of such pro-rated amount.

                  13.  Section 2 of the  Assumption  shall be amended to clarify
         that the Assumed  Liabilities  shall be allocated  among the  acquiring
         entities of Wells Fargo.

                  14. Section 11.2 of the Transition Services Agreement shall be
         amended by deleting  the words "sixty (60)" the first place they appear
         and replacing them with the words "ten (10)", and by deleting the words
         "sixty (60)" the second place they appear and  replacing  them with the
         words "thirty (30)".

         Except as modified as set forth above, all terms of the Agreement shall
be unchanged.  The proposed  Order  approving the Motion shall be revised to the
extent necessary to make it consistent with the terms of this letter. Such Order
shall be  entered  as soon as  possible.  Wells  Fargo  agrees  to submit to the
jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy  Court for the Northern  District of New York for
purposes of the enforcement of the provisions of this letter.



<PAGE>

Robert J. Feinstein
February 4, 2003
Page 4



         Please signify the Committee's  agreement with the terms of this letter
by signing  where  designated  below and returning a copy to me and to the other
signatories  hereto.  Counsel to the Sellers  should also sign where  designated
below to signify the  Sellers'  agreement  to the  foregoing  terms,  including,
without limitation, paragraph 12 above, and return a copy to me and to the other
signatories hereto.  Finally,  counsel to Agway should signify Agway's agreement
with the terms of this letter by signing where  designated below and returning a
copy to me and to the other signatories  hereto.  This letter may be executed in
one or more  counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which together will constitute one and the same agreement. Thank you.

                                    Very truly yours,


                                    /s/  MICHAEL R. STEWART
                                    -----------------------
                                         Michael R. Stewart

MRS:stemr

Accepted and Agreed this 4th day of February, 2003:
                        ---


/s/ ROBERT J. FEINSTEIN
-----------------------
Robert J. Feinstein
Counsel to the Official Committee
of Unsecured Creditors of Agway, Inc.



/s/ JAMES M. CAIN
------------------
James M. Cain
Counsel to the Sellers



/s/ JUDY G.Z. LIU
------------------
Judy G. Z. Liu
Counsel to Agway



cc:     Patrick Knecht
        Judy G. Z. Liu
        James M. Cain


<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 2(f)

<PAGE>


UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
---------------------------------------------------
In re Agway, Inc.,

                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------   CHAPTER 11
In re Agway General Agency, Inc.,                     CASE NO. 02-65872 THROUGH
                                                      CASE NO. 02-65877
                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------
In re Brubaker Agronomic Consulting Service LLC,      JOINTLY ADMINISTERED

                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------
In re Country Best Adams, LLC,

                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------
In re Country Best-DeBerry LLC,

                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------
In re Feed Commodities International LLC,

                  Debtor.
---------------------------------------------------

                      ORDER (A) AUTHORIZING AND SCHEDULING
               AN AUCTION FOR THE SALE OF SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF THE
                 ASSETS AND ASSUMPTION OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES OF
           DEBTOR'S WHOLLY OWNED NON-DEBTOR SUBSIDIARY, TELMARK, LLC,
                 (B) APPROVING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH
                AUCTION AND BREAK-UP FEE, (C) APPROVING FORM AND
              MANNER OF NOTICE OF THE AUCTION AND SALE HEARING, AND
             (D) ESTABLISHING DATE AND TIME FOR HEARING TO CONSIDER
                APPROVAL OF PROPOSED SALE RESULTING FROM AUCTION
                ------------------------------------------------

                  Upon the motion,  dated  January 17, 2003 (the  "Motion"),  of
Agway, Inc., as debtor and debtor in possession  ("Agway" or the "Debtor"),  for
an order  (i)  authorizing,  pursuant  to  sections  105(a)  and  363(b)  of the
Bankruptcy  Code, an auction sale (the  "Auction") of  substantially  all of the
assets and assumption of certain  liabilities (the "Telmark Sale Assets") of its

<PAGE>

non-debtor subsidiary, Telmark, LLC ("Telmark"), as set forth in a certain Asset
Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") by and among Agway, Telmark,  Telmark Lease
Funding II, LLC,  Telmark Lease Funding III, LLC,  Telease  Financial  Services,
Ltd., and Wells Fargo Financial Leasing, Inc. ("Wells Fargo"); (ii) scheduling a
date  for the  Auction  (the  "Auction  Date"),  (iii)  approving,  pursuant  to
Bankruptcy Rule 6004(f)(1),  the terms and conditions of the Auction,  including
bidding  procedures  and the  Break-Up  Fee (1.)(the "Bidding Procedures"), (iv)
authorizing, pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002, the form and manner of notice for
the  Auction,  and (v)  scheduling  a date and time for a  hearing  to  consider
approval of the proposed sale resulting  from the Auction (the "Sale  Hearing");
and it appearing  that notice of the hearing on the Motion (the  "Hearing")  has
been provided to: (i) the Office of the United  States  Trustee for the Northern
District of New York, (ii) the attorneys for Agway's postpetition lenders, (iii)
the  attorneys  for  the  official   committee  of  unsecured   creditors   (the
"Committee"),  (iv) the  attorneys  for Wells Fargo and (v) all parties who have
previously  submitted  within the twelve months prior to entry of the Procedures
Order written  expressions of interest in acquiring the Telmark Sale Assets; and
it appearing  that such notice  constitutes  good and  sufficient  notice of the
Motion and Hearing and that no other or further notice need be provided; and the
Committee  having  filed an objection to the Motion,  which  objection  has been
resolved by agreement of the parties;  and upon the Motion and the record of the
Hearing and all other proceedings had before the Court; and it appearing that an
order granting the Motion is in the best interests of Agway and other parties in
interest; and it appearing that the Court has jurisdiction over this matter; and

------------------------------
1. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings ascribed thereto in the Motion.

                                       2
<PAGE>

after due deliberation and sufficient cause appearing therefor, it is hereby

                  ORDERED  that  pursuant to  Bankruptcy  Rule  6004(f)(1),  the
Debtor is  authorized  to conduct  the  Auction in respect of the  Telmark  Sale
Assets at the United States  Bankruptcy  Court for the Northern  District of New
York, United States  Courthouse,  10 Broad Street,  Utica, New York, on February
27, 2003 at 2:00 p.m. (EST); and it is further

                  ORDERED that the Auction  shall be conducted on the  following
terms and conditions (the "Auction  Terms"):

                    o    Bids  for  the  Telmark  Sale  Assets  must  (a)  be in
                         writing; (b) at a minimum, provide for a purchase price
                         of $649 million (the "Minimum Bid"); (c) be received by
                         (i) the  attorneys  for the  Debtors,  Weil,  Gotshal &
                         Manges LLP ("WG&M"),  767 Fifth Avenue,  New York,  New
                         York 10153 (Attn:  Marvin E. Jacob, Esq. and Judy G. Z.
                         Liu, Esq.),  (ii) the attorneys for the prepetition and
                         postpetition lenders, Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker
                         LLP, 1055 Washington Boulevard,  Stamford,  Connecticut
                         06901 (Attn:  Leslie A. Plaskon,  Esq. and W. Andrew P.
                         Logan,  Esq.),  (iii) the  attorneys  for the  Official
                         General Unsecured Creditors Committee, Pachulski Stang,
                         Ziehl Young & Jones, 461 Fifth Avenue,  25th Floor, New
                         York, New York 10017-6234, (Attn: William P. Weintraub,
                         Esq. and Robert J.  Feinstein,  Esq.), by no later than
                         5:00  p.m.   (EST)  on  February  21,  2003  (the  "Bid
                         Deadline").  Parties that do not submit written bids by
                         the Bid Deadline reflecting the Minimum Bid will not be
                         permitted to participate at the Auction.

                    o    Agway and Telmark will only  entertain bids that are on
                         the same (or  better)  terms  and  conditions  as those
                         terms set forth in the  Agreement and the documents set
                         forth as exhibits thereto (and this Procedures Order)

                    o    All bids must constitute a good faith,  bona fide offer
                         to purchase  the Telmark Sale Assets for cash only (and
                         the assumption of the Assumed  Obligations),  and shall
                         not be  conditioned on obtaining  financing  and/or the
                         outcome of due diligence by the bidder.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                    o    As a condition to making a competing bid, any competing
                         bidder  must  provide  Telmark,  on or  before  the Bid
                         Deadline,  with (A) a letter  stating that the offer is
                         (i)  irrevocable  until the Sellers close a sale of the
                         Telmark Sale Assets with a third party (the "Closing"),
                         (ii) not contingent  upon due diligence,  and (iii) not
                         contingent upon obtaining financing; (B) sufficient and
                         adequate    information   to   demonstrate,    to   the
                         satisfaction of Telmark, that such competing bidder has
                         the financial wherewithal and ability to consummate the
                         Sale Transaction;  and (C) a certified check payable to
                         Telmark in an amount equal to five  percent  (5.00%) of
                         the Minimum Bid.

                    o    Agway  and  Telmark  shall,  in  consultation  with the
                         Committee,  after  the Bid  Deadline  and  prior to the
                         Auction,  evaluate all bids received,  including  Wells
                         Fargo's  bid,  and  determine  which bid  reflects  the
                         highest or best offer for the Telmark  Sale Assets (the
                         "Pre-Auction  Successful  Bid").  Agway shall  announce
                         such determination at the outset of the Auction.

                    o    At the  Auction,  bids  in  excess  of the  Pre-Auction
                         Successful  Bid shall be made in increments of at least
                         $1 million.

                    o    Except as  otherwise  provided in a written  offer that
                         has been  accepted  by Agway and  Telmark,  subject  to
                         satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing set
                         forth in the Purchase and Sale  Agreement,  the Closing
                         shall take place at the offices of Sutherland  Asbill &
                         Brennan   LLP,   1275   Pennsylvania    Avenue,   N.W.,
                         Washington,  D.C., at 9:00 a.m. local time on the first
                         business day of the month  following  entry of an order
                         by the Court  authorizing the sale of substantially all
                         of Telmark's assets to the Successful Bidder.

                    o    If for  any  reason  the  Successful  Bidder  fails  to
                         consummate the Sale  Transaction,  or any part thereof,
                         the  offeror of the  second  highest or best bid at the
                         Auction for the Telmark Sale Assets will  automatically
                         be deemed to have submitted the highest or best bid. To
                         the  extent  such  offeror,   Agway  and  Telmark,   in
                         consultation  with  the  Committee,   consent,   Agway,
                         Telmark and such offeror are  authorized  to effect the
                         Sale Transaction as soon as is commercially  reasonable
                         without further order of the Court.

                    o    All bids for the  purchase of the  Telmark  Sale Assets
                         shall be subject to approval of the Court.

                    o    The  Debtor  and  Telmark,  in  consultation  with  the
                         Committee,  may reject any bid not in  conformity  with
                         these  Bidding  Procedures,  the  requirements  of  the
                         Bankruptcy  Code,  the  Bankruptcy  Rules or the  Local

                                       4
<PAGE>

                         Bankruptcy  Rules of the Court, or contrary to the best
                         interests of the Debtor and parties in interest.

                    o    No bids shall be considered by the Court unless a party
                         submitted  a  competing  bid  in  accordance  with  the
                         Bidding Procedures and participated in the Auction.

                    o    The Debtor reserves the right to change the location of
                         the Auction  and/or  adjourn the Auction by  announcing
                         such Adjournment at the Auction.

                    o    Such other terms and  conditions as may be announced by
                         the Debtor, in consultation with the Committee,  at the
                         outset of the Auction.

                  ORDERED that,  pursuant to section  363(b) of the Code,  Wells
Fargo is entitled to receive a Break-Up Fee equal to $10 million (the  "Break-Up
Fee"),  in the event that (i) Wells Fargo's  stalking-horse  bid for the Telmark
Sale Assets is overbid by a  successful  bidder and (ii) Sellers  consummate  an
alternative  transaction  for the  Telmark  Sale  Assets that is approved by the
Court; provided, that Telmark shall not be obligated to pay such Break-Up Fee if
prior to the  occurrence  of the event  giving  rise to the  Break-Up  Fee,  the
Agreement has been validly terminated; and it is further

                  ORDERED that pursuant to Bankruptcy  Rule 2002,  notice of the
proposed Sale  Transaction,  Auction and Sale Hearing in the form annexed hereto
as Exhibit  "A" shall be served on or prior to February  6, 2003,  by  facsimile
transmission  or  overnight  delivery,  to all  parties  who have  made  written
expressions  of interest in acquiring  the Sale Assets within twelve (12) months
prior to the date of this Procedures  Order, and by first class mail on or prior
to February 6, 2003, to (i) United States  Trustee for the Northern  District of
New  York,  (ii)  the  attorneys  for  the  Debtors'   prepetition  lenders  and
postpetition lenders, (iii) William P. Weintraub,  Esq. and Robert J. Feinstein,
Esq.,  Pachulski  Stang Ziehl Young Jones & Weintraub,  461 Fifth  Avenue,  25th

                                       5
<PAGE>

Floor,  New  York,  New York  10017-6234,  counsel  for the  official  unsecured
creditors' committee, (iv) Dennis M. Ryan, Esq., Faegre & Benson LLP, 2200 Wells
Fargo  Center,  90 South  Seventh  Street,  Minneapolis,  Minnesota  55402-3901,
counsel for Wells  Fargo,  (v)  Nicholas S.  Priore,  Esq.,  Getnick  Livingston
Atkinson  Gigliotti & Priore,  LLP, 258 Genesee  Street,  Suite 401,  Utica,  NY
13502,  counsel for ACE Insurance,  (vi) David L. Ganje, Esq., Ganje Law Office,
Two  Tower  Place,  Albany,  NY  12203,   counsel  for  CitiCapital   Commercial
Corporation f/k/a Associates Commercial  Corporation,  (vii) David L. Rasmussen,
Esq., Harris Beach LLP, 99 Garnsey Road, Pittsford, NY 14534, counsel for Zurich
North America, (viii) Roger Reierson,  Esq., Office of the General Counsel, 1200
K Street,  N.W., Suite 340,  Washington,  DC 20005,  counsel for Pension Benefit
Guaranty  Corporation  and (ix) the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  the
Internal Revenue Service,  and other government  agencies to the extent required
by the Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Bankruptcy Rules for the Northern District
of New York (the "Local  Rules"),  and such  notice  shall  constitute  good and
sufficient  notice  of the Sale  Transaction,  Notice  of the  Auction  and Sale
Hearing; and it is further

                  ORDERED that pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule  2002(a)(2),  (a) the
Sale  Hearing  shall be held on  February  27,  2003,  before the United  States
Bankruptcy Court,  Alexander Pirnie U.S. Court House, 10 Broad Street, Room 230,
Utica, New York 13502,  Honorable  Stephen D. Gerling at 3:00 p.m. (EST), and it
is further

                  ORDERED that pursuant to Bankruptcy  Rule 2002(1),  the Debtor
is  authorized  to  publish,  no later than ten (10) days prior to the  Auction,
notice of the Auction and Sale Hearing in substantially  the form annexed hereto
as Exhibit "A,"

                                       6
<PAGE>


one business day in each of the Syracuse Post-Standard and the national editions
of the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal.


Dated:   Utica, New York
         February 5, 2003



                                        /s/ STEPHEN D. GERLING
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        HONORABLE STEPHEN D. GERLING
                                        CHIEF UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE











</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
