<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>form10k02ex1051.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX. 10.51 - 2002 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 10.51

                           NON REVOLVING-TO-TERM NOTE

Borrower's Name:
Diodes Incorporated

Borrower's Address:
3050 East Hillcrest Drive
Westlake Village, California 91362-3154

Office:
30361

Loan Number:

Maturity Date:
June 1, 2009

Amount:
$2,000,000
Westlake Village, California     $2,000,000       Dated as of February ___, 2003

FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  on June 1, 2009 (the  "Maturity  Date"),  the  undersigned
("Borrower")  promises to pay to the order of Union Bank of California,  N.A., a
national banking association  ("Bank"), as indicated below, the principal sum of
Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000),  or so much thereof as is disbursed,  together
with interest on the balance of such principal from time to time outstanding, at
the  per  annum  rate  or  rates  and  at  the  times  set  forth  below.   This
Nonrevolving-To-Term   Note  (this  "Note")  is  the  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Note
referred  to in the  Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  (as such term is
defined  hereinbelow)  and is  governed  by the  terms and  conditions  thereof.
Initially  capitalized  terms used herein which are not otherwise  defined shall
have the  meanings  assigned to such terms in the Amended  and  Restated  Credit
Agreement.

At any time prior to June 1, 2004 (the "Conversion  Date"),  Borrower may borrow
under this Note;  provided  that at no time may  Borrower  reborrow  any amounts
repaid to Bank.

1.       PAYMENTS

PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS. Borrower shall pay principal in sixty (60) equal consecutive
monthly installments, each installment in an amount sufficient to fully amortize
the aggregate  outstanding  principal amount hereunder on the Conversion Date by
the Maturity  Date,  commencing  on July 1, 2004 and  continuing on first day of
each month thereafter. On the Maturity Date, all outstanding principal hereunder
shall be due and payable.

INTEREST  PAYMENTS.  Borrower  shall pay interest on the  outstanding  principal
amount hereof on the first day of each month,  commencing March 1, 2003.  Should
interest  not be paid when due, it shall become part of the  principal  and bear
interest as herein provided.  All computations of interest under this Note shall
be made on the basis of a year of 360 days, for actual days elapsed.

         (a) Base  Interest  Rate.  At Borrower's  option,  amounts  outstanding
         hereunder in minimum  amounts of at least  $100,000 shall bear interest
         at a rate,  based on an index  selected  by  Borrower,  equal to Bank's
         LIBOR Rate for the Interest  Period selected by Borrower plus the LIBOR
         Rate Margin.

         The  Base  Interest  Rate  may not be  changed,  altered  or  otherwise
         modified  until the  expiration  of the  Interest  Period  selected  by
         Borrower. The exercise of interest rate options by Borrower shall be as
         recorded in Bank's records, which records shall be prima facie evidence
         of the amount borrowed at the Base Interest Rate and the interest rate;
         provided,  however,  that failure of Bank to make any such  notation in
         its records shall not discharge  Borrower from its obligations to repay
         in full with  interest  all  amounts  borrowed.  In no event  shall any
         Interest Period extend beyond the Acquisition Loan Maturity Date.

         To exercise  this option,  Borrower may, from time to time with respect
         to principal outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate is not accruing,
         and on the expiration of any Interest  Period with respect to principal
         outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate has been accruing,  select an
         index  offered by Bank for a Base  Interest  Rate Loan and an  Interest
         Period by telephoning an authorized  lending officer of Bank located at
         the banking office identified below prior to 10:00 a.m.,  Pacific time,
         on any Business Day and  advising  that officer of the selected  index,
         the  Interest   Period  and  the   Origination   Date  selected  (which
         Origination  Date,  for a Base  Interest  Rate Loan  based on the LIBOR
         Rate,  shall follow the date of such  selection by no more than two (2)
         Business Days).

         Bank will mail a written  confirmation of the terms of the selection to
         Borrower  promptly  after the  selection is made.  Failure to send such
         confirmation  shall not affect Bank's rights to collect interest at the
         rate selected. If, on the date of the selection,  the index selected is
         unavailable for any reason,  the selection shall be void. Bank reserves
         the   right  to  fund  the   principal   from  any   source   of  funds
         notwithstanding any Base Interest Rate selected by Borrower.

         (b) Variable Interest Rate. All principal  outstanding  hereunder which
         is not bearing  interest at a Base Interest Rate shall bear interest at
         a rate per annum equal to the Reference  Rate plus the  Reference  Rate
         Margin, which rate shall vary as and when the Reference Rate changes.

         Borrower  shall pay all amounts due under this Note in lawful  money of
         the United  States at Bank's San  Fernando  Valley  Commercial  Banking
         Office,  or such other office as may be designated by Bank from time to
         time.

2. LATE PAYMENTS. If any payment required by the terms of this Note shall remain
unpaid ten days after same is due, at the option of Bank,  Borrower  shall pay a
fee of $100 to Bank.

3. INTEREST RATE FOLLOWING  DEFAULT.  In the event of default,  at the option of
Bank,  and, to the extent  permitted  by law,  interest  shall be payable on the
outstanding  principal under this Note at a per annum rate equal to five percent
(5%) in excess of the interest rate specified in paragraph 1.b above, calculated
from the date of default  until all amounts  payable under this Note are paid in
full.

4. PREPAYMENT

         (a)  Amounts  outstanding  under this Note  bearing  interest at a rate
         based on the  Reference  Rate may be prepaid in whole or in part at any
         time,   without  penalty  or  premium.   Borrower  may  prepay  amounts
         outstanding under this Note bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate in
         whole or in part  provided  Borrower  has given Bank not less than five
         (5) Business Days' prior written notice of Borrower's intention to make
         such  prepayment  and pays to Bank the  prepayment fee due as a result.
         The  prepayment  fee shall also be paid, if Bank, for any other reason,
         including  acceleration or foreclosure,  receives all or any portion of
         principal  bearing  interest  at a  Base  Interest  Rate  prior  to its
         scheduled  payment date. The prepayment fee shall be an amount equal to
         the present value of the product of: (i) the  difference  (but not less
         than  zero)  between  (a) the  Base  Interest  Rate  applicable  to the
         principal amount which is being prepaid,  and (b) the return which Bank
         could obtain if it used the amount of such  prepayment  of principal to
         purchase at bid price regularly quoted  securities issued by the United
         States having a maturity date most closely coinciding with the relevant
         Base Rate Maturity Date and such securities were held by Bank until the
         relevant Base Rate Maturity Date ("Yield Rate");  (ii) a fraction,  the
         numerator of which is the number of days in the period between the date
         of  prepayment  and  the  relevant  Base  Rate  Maturity  Date  and the
         denominator  of which is 360; and (iii) the amount of the  principal so
         prepaid  (except in the event that principal  payments are required and
         have been made as scheduled  under the terms of the Base  Interest Rate
         Loan  being  prepaid,  then an  amount  equal to the  lesser of (A) the
         amount  prepaid or (B) 50% of the sum of (1) the amount prepaid and (2)
         the amount of principal  scheduled under the terms of the Base Interest
         Rate Loan being  prepaid to be  outstanding  at the relevant  Base Rate
         Maturity  Date).  Present  value  under  this  Note  is  determined  by
         discounting  the above product to present value using the Yield Rate as
         the annual discount factor.

         (b) In no event shall Bank be  obligated  to make any payment or refund
         to  Borrower,  nor shall  Borrower  be  entitled to any setoff or other
         claim  against  Bank,  should the return  which Bank could obtain under
         this  prepayment  formula  exceed  the  interest  that Bank  would have
         received if no prepayment had occurred.  All prepayments  shall include
         payment of accrued  interest  on the  principal  amount so prepaid  and
         shall  be  applied  to  payment  of  interest  before   application  to
         principal.  A determination by Bank as to the prepayment fee amount, if
         any, shall be conclusive.

         (c) Bank shall  provide  Borrower a statement of the amount  payable on
         account of prepayment.  Borrower acknowledges that (i) Bank establishes
         a Base Interest Rate upon the  understanding  that it apply to the Base
         Interest Rate Loan for the entire Interest Period,  and (ii) Bank would
         not lend to Borrower without  Borrower's  express agreement to pay Bank
         the prepayment fee described above.

5.  DEFAULT  AND  ACCELERATION  OF TIME  FOR  PAYMENT.  Default  shall  mean the
occurrence  of an Event of  Default  under and as  defined  in the  Amended  and
Restated  Credit  Agreement.  Upon the  occurrence of any such Event of Default,
Bank, in its  discretion,  may cease to advance funds  hereunder and may declare
any and all obligations  under this Note immediately due and payable;  provided,
however,  that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under  subsection (d),
(e) or (f) of Section 8.1 of the  Amended and  Restated  Credit  Agreement,  all
principal and interest hereunder shall automatically  become immediately due and
payable.

6. ADDITIONAL  AGREEMENTS OF BORROWER.  If any amounts owing under this Note are
not paid when due,  Borrower  promises to pay all costs and expenses,  including
reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by Bank in the collection or enforcement of
this Note.  Borrower and any endorsers of this Note,  for the maximum  period of
time and the full extent  permitted  by law, (a) waive  diligence,  presentment,
demand,  notice of nonpayment,  protest,  notice of protest, and notice of every
kind; (b) waive the right to assert the defense of any statute of limitations to
any debt or obligation hereunder;  and (c) consent to renewals and extensions of
time for the payment of any amounts due under this Note.  If this Note is signed
by more than one party, the term "Borrower" includes each of the undersigned and
any successors in interest  thereof;  all of whose  liability shall be joint and
several.  The  receipt of any check or other  item of  payment  by Bank,  at its
option,  shall not be  considered a payment on account until such check or other
item of payment is honored when  presented for payment at the drawee Bank.  Bank
may delay  the  credit of such  payment  based  upon  Bank's  schedule  of funds
availability,  and  interest  under this Note shall  accrue  until the funds are
deemed  collected.  In any action  brought  under or  arising  out of this Note,
Borrower and any Obligor, including their successors and assigns, hereby consent
to the  jurisdiction of any competent  court within the State of California,  as
provided  in any  alternative  dispute  resolution  agreement  executed  between
Borrower and Bank, and consent to service of process by any means  authorized by
said state's law. The term "Bank" includes,  without  limitation,  any holder of
this Note.  This Note shall be construed in accordance  with and governed by the
laws of the State of California.  This Note hereby  incorporates any alternative
dispute  resolution  agreement  previously,  concurrently or hereafter  executed
between Borrower and Bank.

7.       CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

         (a) Inability to Determine Rates. If, on or before the first day of any
         Interest  Period for any Base Interest Rate Loan,  Bank determines that
         the Base Interest  Rate for such  Interest  Period cannot be adequately
         and  reasonably  determined  due to the  unavailability  of funds in or
         other  circumstances  affecting  the London  interbank  market,  or the
         certificate of deposit market, as the case may be, which  determination
         by Bank shall be  conclusive  and  binding  upon  Borrower,  Bank shall
         immediately  give notice  thereof to Borrower.  After the giving of any
         such notice and until Bank shall  otherwise  notify  Borrower  that the
         circumstances giving rise to such condition no longer exist, Borrower's
         right to request,  and Bank's obligation to offer, a Base Interest Rate
         Loan shall be suspended. Any Base Interest Rate Loan outstanding at the
         commencement  of any such  suspension  which affects Base Interest Rate
         Loans of that type,  shall be  converted at the end of the then current
         Interest  Period for that loan to a  Reference  Rate Loan  unless  such
         suspension has then ended.

         (b)  Illegality.  If, after the date of this Note,  the adoption of any
         applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change therein, or change in
         the  interpretation  or  administration  thereof  by  any  governmental
         authority, central bank, comparable agency or other Person charged with
         the  interpretation  or administration  thereof,  or compliance by Bank
         with any request or directive  (whether or not having the force of law)
         of any such  authority  (a "Change of Law")  shall make it  unlawful or
         impossible for Bank to make or maintain a Base Interest Rate Loan, Bank
         shall  immediately  notify  Borrower  of  such  Change  of  Law.  After
         Borrower's  receipt of such  notice,  Borrower's  right to select,  and
         Bank's  obligation  to  offer,  a Base  Interest  Rate  Loan  shall  be
         terminated,  and the  undersigned  shall (i) at the end of the  current
         Interest  Period  for any Base  Interest  Rate Loan  then  outstanding,
         convert such loan to a Reference Rate Loan, or (ii)  immediately  repay
         or convert any Base Interest Rate Loan then  outstanding  if Bank shall
         notify  Borrower  that  Bank  may not  lawfully  continue  to fund  and
         maintain such Base Interest Rate Loan.

         (c)  Increased  Costs.  If, after the date of this Note,  any Change of
         Law:

                  (i) shall  subject Bank to any tax,  duty or other charge with
                  respect to a Base Interest Rate Loan or its obligation to make
                  such Base  Interest  Rate Loan,  or shall  change the basis of
                  taxation of payments by Borrower to Bank on such Base Interest
                  Rate Loan or in respect to such Base  Interest Rate Loan under
                  this Note  (except  for changes in the rate of taxation on the
                  overall net income of Bank); or

                  (ii) shall  impose,  modify or hold  applicable  any  reserve,
                  special deposit or similar requirement against assets held by,
                  deposits  or  other  liabilities  in or for  the  account  of,
                  advances  or loans by, or any  other  acquisition  of funds by
                  Bank for any Base  Interest Rate Loan (except for any reserve,
                  special   deposit  or  other   requirement   included  in  the
                  determination of the Base Rate); or

                  (iii)  shall  impose  on Bank  any  other  condition  directly
                  related to any Base Interest Rate Loan;  and the effect of any
                  of the  foregoing  is to increase  the cost to Bank of making,
                  renewing or  maintaining  a Base Interest Rate Loan beyond any
                  adjustment made by Bank in determining the applicable interest
                  rate for any such Base  Interest  Rate Loan,  or to reduce the
                  amount receivable by Bank hereunder;

         then Borrower shall from time to time, upon demand by Bank, pay to Bank
additional  amounts  sufficient to reimburse  Bank for such  increased  costs or
reduced  amounts.  A  certificate  as to the amount of such  increased  costs or
reduced  amounts,  submitted to the Borrower by Bank,  shall,  in the absence of
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on Borrower for all purposes.

         (d) Capital Adequacy. If Bank shall determine that:

                  (i)  any  law,  rule  or  regulation,  any  interpretation  or
                  application  thereof by any  governmental  authority,  central
                  bank,  comparable  agency  or other  Person  charged  with the
                  interpretation  or  administration   thereof,  any  directive,
                  request,  assessment  guideline or other  guideline  issued by
                  such authority,  bank, agency or Person (whether or not having
                  the force of law) or any change in any of the foregoing  which
                  is adopted,  issued or becomes effective after the date hereof
                  affects  the  amount of capital  required  or  expected  to be
                  maintained by Bank or any Person  controlling Bank (a "Capital
                  Adequacy Requirement"); and

                  (ii) the amount of capital  maintained  by Bank or such Person
                  which  is  attributable  to or  based  upon  this  Note or the
                  amounts outstanding hereunder must be increased as a result of
                  such Capital Adequacy  Requirement (taking into account Bank's
                  or such Person's  policies with respect to capital  adequacy),
                  Borrower  shall  pay to Bank or such  Person,  upon  demand of
                  Bank,  such amounts as Bank or such Person shall determine are
                  necessary to compensate  Bank or such Person for the increased
                  costs to Bank or such  Person  of such  increased  capital.  A
                  certificate  of Bank,  setting forth in reasonable  detail the
                  computation of any such increased costs,  delivered by Bank to
                  Borrower   shall,   in  the  absence  of  manifest  error,  be
                  conclusive and binding on Borrower for all purposes.

8.  DEFINITIONS.  As used herein,  the  following  terms shall have the meanings
respectively set forth below: "Amended and Restated Credit Agreement" means that
certain  Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement dated as of February ___, 2003,
2000,  by and between  Borrower  and Bank,  as at any time and from time to time
amended, supplemented, extended, restated or renewed. "Base Interest Rate" means
a rate of interest  based on the LIBOR  Rate.  "Base  Interest  Rate Loan" means
amounts  outstanding under this Note that bear interest at a Base Interest Rate.
"Base Rate Maturity Date" means the last day of the Interest Period with respect
to principal outstanding under a Base Interest Rate Loan. "Business Day" means a
day on which Bank is open for business for the funding of corporate loans,  and,
with respect to the rate of interest  based on the LIBOR Rate, on which dealings
in U.S. dollar deposits  outside of the United States may be carried on by Bank.
"Interest  Period" means with respect to funds bearing  interest at a rate based
on the LIBOR Rate, any calendar period of one (1) month,  two (2) months,  three
(3) months, four (4) months, five (5) months, six (6) months, nine (9) months or
twelve (12) months.  In determining an Interest  Period,  a month means a period
that  starts on one  Business  Day in a month and ends on and  includes  the day
preceding the numerically  corresponding day in the next month. For any month in
which there is no such  numerically  corresponding  day,  then as to that month,
such day shall be deemed to be the last calendar day of such month. Any Interest
Period which would  otherwise  end on a  non-Business  Day shall end on the next
succeeding  Business Day unless that is the first day of a month, in which event
such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding  Business Day. "LIBOR Rate"
means a per annum rate of interest (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest
1/100 of 1%) at which dollar  deposits,  in immediately  available  funds and in
lawful  money of the United  States  would be  offered  to Bank,  outside of the
United  States,  for a term  coinciding  with the  Interest  Period  selected by
Borrower  and  for an  amount  equal  to the  amount  of  principal  covered  by
Borrower's  interest rate selection,  plus Bank's costs,  including the cost, if
any, of reserve  requirements.  "LIBOR  Rate  Margin"  shall  mean,  (i) two and
three-quarters  percent (2-3/4%) per annum,  effective on the date on which Bank
receives a  consolidated  Financial  Statement of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries
demonstrating  that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period covered thereby was
greater  than 2.0 to 1.0,  (ii) two and  one-half  percent  (2-1/2%)  per annum,
effective on the date on which Bank receives a consolidated  Financial Statement
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  demonstrating  that the Leverage Ratio for the
fiscal period  covered  thereby was less than or equal to 2.0 to 1.0 but greater
than 1.5 to 1.0,  (iii) two  percent  (2%) per annum,  effective  on the date on
which Bank  receives a  consolidated  Financial  Statement  of Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries demonstrating that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period covered
thereby was less than or equal to 1.5 to 1.0 but greater  than 1.0 to 1.0,  (iv)
one and  three-quarters  percent  (1-3/4%)  per annum,  effective on the date on
which Bank  receives a  consolidated  Financial  Statement  of Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries demonstrating that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period covered
thereby  was less than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0 but  greater  than 0.75 to 1.0 and
(v) one and five-eighths  percent  (1-5/8%) per annum,  effective on the date on
which Bank  receives a  consolidated  Financial  Statement  of Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries demonstrating that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period covered
thereby was less than or equal to 0.75 to 1.0; provided, however, that (x) if at
any time there exists an Event of Default under the Amended and Restated  Credit
Agreement,  or any event which, with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would
become an Event of Default  under the Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement or
(y) if Borrower fails to deliver any quarterly or annual Financial  Statement to
Bank within the  required  time  period set forth in the  Amended  and  Restated
Credit Agreement, then the Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be greater than 2.0
to 1.0 until such Event of  Default  or  unmatured  Event of Default is cured or
otherwise  waived by Bank or such  quarterly  or annual  Financial  Statement is
delivered to Bank, as the case may be; and provided further,  however,  that the
LIBOR  Rate  Margin  shall  never be a  negative  number.  "Obligor"  shall mean
Borrower  and any  guarantor,  co-maker,  endorser,  or any  Person  other  than
Borrower providing security for this Note under any security agreement, guaranty
or other  agreement  between  Bank and such  guarantor,  co-maker,  endorser  or
Person,  including their  successors and assigns.  "Origination  Date" means the
first day of the Interest  Period.  "Reference Rate" means the rate announced by
Bank from time to time at its corporate  headquarters as its Reference Rate. The
Reference Rate is an index rate  determined by Bank from time to time as a means
of pricing  certain  extensions  of credit and is neither  directly  tied to any
external rate of interest or index nor  necessarily  the lowest rate of interest
charged  by Bank at any given  time.  "Reference  Rate  Margin"  shall  mean (a)
one-half of one percent  (1/2 of 1%) per annum,  effective  on the date on which
Bank  receives  a   consolidated   Financial   Statement  of  Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries demonstrating that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period covered
thereby  was  thereby was greater  than 2.0 to 1.0,  (ii)  three-eighths  of one
percent (3/8 of 1%) per annum,  effective  on the date on which Bank  receives a
consolidated Financial Statement of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  demonstrating
that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period  covered  thereby was less than or
equal  to 2.0 to 1.0 but  greater  than  1.5 to 1.0,  (iii)  one-quarter  of one
percent (1/4 of 1%) per annum,  effective  on the date on which Bank  receives a
consolidated Financial Statement of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  demonstrating
that the Leverage Ratio for the fiscal period  covered  thereby was less than or
equal to 1.5 to 1.0 but  greater  than 1.0 to 1.0 and (iv)  zero  percent  (0%),
effective on the date on which Bank receives a consolidated  Financial Statement
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  demonstrating  that the Leverage Ratio for the
fiscal period  covered  thereby was less than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0;  provided,
however,  that (x) if at any time  there  exists an Event of  Default  under the
Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement,  or any event which,  with notice or the
lapse of time,  or both,  would become an Event of Default under the Amended and
Restated  Credit  Agreement or (y) if Borrower fails to deliver any quarterly or
annual Financial  Statement to Bank within the required time period set forth in
the Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement,  then the  Leverage  Ratio shall be
deemed to be greater  than 2.0 to 1.0 until  such Event of Default or  unmatured
Event of  Default  is cured or  otherwise  waived by Bank or such  quarterly  or
annual  Financial  Statement  is  delivered  to Bank,  as the  case may be;  and
provided  further,  however,  that the  Reference  Rate Margin  shall never be a
negative number.


DIODES INCORPORATED

By: /s/ Carl Wertz
         Carl Wertz
         Chief Financial Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
