<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>form10k02ex1050.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX. 10.50 - 2002 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

                                  Exhibit 10.50

                      AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT  AGREEMENT (this  "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of February ___,  2003, by and between  DIODES  INCORPORATED,  a
Delaware corporation ("Borrower"),  with its principal place of business located
at 3050 East Hillcrest Drive, Westlake Village, California 91362-3154, and UNION
BANK OF  CALIFORNIA,  N.A., a national  banking  association  ("Bank"),  with an
office  located at 5855 Topanga Canyon  Boulevard,  Suite 200,  Woodland  Hills,
California 91367.

                                    RECITALS:

     A. Borrower and Bank previously  entered into that certain Credit Agreement
dated as of December 1, 2000,  as amended by that certain  First  Amendment  and
Waiver dated as of August 10, 2001,  that certain  Second  Amendment  and Waiver
dated as of November 14, 2001,  that certain Third Amendment and Waiver dated as
of May 1, 2002,  that  certain  Extension  Letter  dated June 18,  2002 and that
certain  Extension  Letter  dated  October 16,  2002 (as so amended,  the "Prior
Agreement"),  pursuant to which Bank agreed to (i) make  available to Borrower a
Revolving Credit Commitment providing for revolving loans by Bank to Borrower in
the aggregate  principal  amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed Seven
Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($7,500,000), (ii) make various Term Loans
to Borrower in the respective  original  principal amounts set forth in Schedule
2.3  annexed  thereto,  and (iii) make an  Acquisition  Loan to  Borrower in the
original principal amount of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000).

     B. Pursuant to the terms and  conditions of the Third  Amendment and Waiver
referred to in Recital A  hereinabove,  Borrower  has prepaid in full all of the
Term Loans described in Schedule 2.3 of the Prior Agreement.

     C.  Immediately  prior  to the  date of  this  Agreement,  the  outstanding
principal  amount of the  Acquisition  Loan was Six Million  One Hundred  Eleven
Thousand One Hundred Eleven and 22/100 Dollars ($6,111,111.22).

     D.  Borrower  has  requested  that Bank agree to (i)  extend the  Revolving
Credit Commitment Termination Date of the Revolving Credit Commitment from March
3,  2003  to  June  1,   2005,   (ii)  make   available   to   Borrower   a  new
Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan Commitment,  providing for Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans
by Bank to  Borrower  during the period from the date of this  Agreement  to but
excluding  June 1, 2004 in the  aggregate  principal  amount  not to exceed  Two
Million Dollars ($2,000,000), which shall convert subject to the terms hereof on
June 1, 2004 to a five (5) year fully  amortizing  term loan maturing on June 1,
2009, and (iii) amend the terms and conditions of the Prior Agreement in certain
respects.  Bank  is  willing  to  so  extend  the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment
Termination  Date, so make  available to Borrower such new  Nonrevolving-To-Term
Loan  Commitment and so amend the terms and  conditions of the Prior  Agreement,
subject, however, to the terms and conditions set forth hereinbelow.

                                   AGREEMENT:

     In  consideration  of the foregoing  recitals and of the mutual  covenants,
conditions and provisions  hereinafter set forth, Borrower and Bank hereby agree
to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as follows, which covenants, conditions
and  provisions  shall amend,  restate and supersede the terms and conditions of
the Prior Agreement.

SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS

     As used  herein,  initially  capitalized  terms  shall have the  respective
meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section or subsection defining such
terms:

     "Acquisition  Loan Commitment" shall have the meaning assigned to that term
in Section 2.2 hereof.

     "Acquisition  Note" shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section
2.2 hereof.

     "Affiliate"  shall mean, with respect to any Person,  (a) each Person that,
directly or indirectly,  owns or controls, whether beneficially or as a trustee,
guardian  or other  fiduciary,  ten  percent  (10%) or more of the stock  having
ordinary  voting power in the  election of  directors  of such Person,  (b) each
Person that  controls,  is  controlled  by or is under common  control with such
Person or any Affiliate of such Person and (c) each of such  Person's  officers,
directors, joint venturers,  members and partners; provided, however, that in no
case shall Bank be deemed to be an  Affiliate  of Borrower  for purposes of this
Agreement.  For the purpose of this definition,  "control" of a Person means the
ability,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  direct or cause  the  direction  of its
management or policies,  whether through the ownership of voting securities,  by
contract or otherwise.

     "Alternative  Dispute  Resolution   Agreements"  and  "Alternative  Dispute
Resolution  Agreement"  shall mean,  respectively,  (a) the Alternative  Dispute
Resolution Agreements,  each on Bank's standard form therefor,  duly executed by
Borrower,  Guarantor and Subordinating Creditor,  respectively,  in favor of and
with Bank, and (b) any one of such Alternative Dispute Resolution Agreements.

     "Bank  Expenses"  shall mean (i) all reasonable  costs and expenses paid or
advanced  by Bank  which  are  required  to be paid  by  Borrower  or any of its
Subsidiaries  under  this  Agreement  or any of the other Loan  Documents;  (ii)
reasonable  expenses  incurred by Bank in auditing  or  examining  the books and
records of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and the Collateral  following the
occurrence and  continuation  of an Event of Default;  (iii) taxes and insurance
premiums of every nature and kind of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries paid by
Bank; (iv) appraisal, filing, recording,  documentation,  publication and search
fees paid or incurred  by Bank on behalf of Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries
to correct any default or enforce any  provision of this  Agreement or any other
Loan  Document,  or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is  continuing,  in
gaining possession of, maintaining,  handling,  preserving,  storing,  shipping,
appraising,   selling,  preparing  for  sale  and/or  advertising  to  sell  the
Collateral,  whether or not a sale is consummated; (v) costs and expenses of any
suit or arbitration  proceeding  incurred by Bank in enforcing or defending this
Agreement  or  any  other  Loan  Document,  or any  portion  thereof,  and  (vi)
reasonable   attorneys'  fees  and  expenses   incurred  by  Bank  in  amending,
terminating, enforcing, defending or concerning this Agreement or any other Loan
Document,  or  any  portion  thereof,  whether  or not  suit  is  brought,  such
attorneys'  fees to include the reasonable  estimate of the allocated  costs and
expenses of in-house legal counsel and staff. All Bank Expenses paid or incurred
by Bank shall be  considered  to be, and shall become a part of the  Obligations
and  be  secured  by  the  Collateral,  are  payable  upon  demand,  and  if not
reimbursed,  shall immediately thereafter bear interest, together with all other
amounts to be paid by Borrower  pursuant hereto at the default rate provided for
herein or in the Notes.

     "Borrower Security  Agreement" shall mean that certain amended and restated
Security Agreement,  on Bank's standard form therefor, duly executed by Borrower
in favor of Bank.

     "Business Day" shall mean a day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on
which  commercial banks in the State of California are authorized or required by
law to close.

     "Capital  Expenditures"  shall mean all  payments due (whether or not paid)
during a fiscal period of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  in respect of the cost
of any fixed asset or improvement, or any replacement,  substitution or addition
thereto  and  which  have a useful  life of more  than one (1)  year,  including
without  limitation  those  arising in  connection  with the direct or  indirect
acquisition  of such assets by way of  increased  product or service  charges or
offset items or in connection with capital leases.

     "Capital Expenditures Maintenance Amount" shall mean, for each fiscal year,
an amount equal to Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000).

     "Capital Lease  Obligations" shall mean, for any Person, all obligations of
such Person to pay rent or other  amounts  under a lease of (or other  agreement
conveying the right to use) property to the extent such obligations are required
to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such
Person  under  GAAP and,  for  purposes  of this  Agreement,  the amount of such
obligations  shall be the capitalized  amount thereof,  determined in accordance
with GAAP.

     "Cash" shall mean,  when used in connection  with any Person,  all monetary
and  non-monetary  items  owned  by such  Person  that  are  treated  as cash in
accordance with GAAP, consistently applied.

     "Collateral"  shall mean the security  provided by Borrower  and  Guarantor
pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 hereof.

     "Conversion  Date" shall have the meaning  assigned to such term in Section
2.3 hereof.

     "Current  Ratio"  shall  mean,  as of the last day of any  fiscal  quarter,
calculated   for  Borrower  and  its   Subsidiaries   (other  than  any  Foreign
Subsidiaries)  on a  consolidated  basis,  the ratio of (a) current assets as of
such date, less intercompany Indebtedness, to (b) current liabilities as of such
date, less intercompany  Indebtedness,  in each case as determined in accordance
with GAAP.

     "Debt Service" shall mean, as of the last day of each fiscal  quarter,  the
sum, without duplication,  of (a) the amount of all scheduled principal payments
in respect of Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  during the four (4)
consecutive  fiscal  quarters ended on that date,  plus (b) interest  expense of
Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  paid or payable during the four (4)  consecutive
fiscal quarters ended on such date.

     "Diodes  Taiwan"  shall  mean  Diodes  Taiwan  Co.,  Ltd.,  a  wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Borrower. -------------

     "Disposition"  shall mean the sale,  transfer or other  disposition  in any
single  transaction or series of related  transactions of any asset, or group of
related assets, of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (a) which asset or assets
constitute a line of business or substantially  all of the assets of Borrower or
such  Subsidiary,  or (b) the aggregate amount of the Net Cash Sales Proceeds of
such assets is more than Five Hundred  Thousand Dollars  ($500,000),  other than
(i)  inventory  or other  assets sold or  otherwise  disposed of in the ordinary
course of  business  of  Borrower or such  Subsidiary,  (ii)  equipment  sold or
otherwise  disposed of where  substantially  similar  equipment  in  replacement
thereof has theretofore been acquired,  or thereafter within ninety (90) days is
acquired,  by Borrower or such  Subsidiary and (iii)  obsolete  assets no longer
useful in the business of Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries,  whose  carrying
value on the books of Borrower or such Subsidiary is zero or de minimus.

     "EBITDA" shall mean, for each fiscal quarter, the sum of (a) the net income
of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  for the four (4) consecutive  fiscal quarters
ending on such date, plus (b) any non-operating  non-recurring loss reflected in
such net  income for the four (4)  consecutive  fiscal  quarters  ending on such
date,  minus (c) any  non-operating  non-recurring  gain  reflected  in such net
income for the four (4)  consecutive  fiscal  quarters ending on such date, plus
(d)  interest  expense  of  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  for the  four  (4)
consecutive  fiscal quarters ending on such date, plus (e) the aggregate  amount
of  federal  and  state  taxes on or  measured  by income  of  Borrower  and its
Subsidiaries  for the four (4)  consecutive  fiscal quarters ending on that date
(whether or not payable  during such  fiscal  period),  minus (f) the  aggregate
amount of federal and state  credits  against  taxes on or measured by income of
Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  for the four (4)  consecutive  fiscal  quarters
ending on such date (whether or not usable during that fiscal period),  plus (g)
depreciation,  amortization and all other non-cash  expenses of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  for the four (4) consecutive  fiscal quarters ending on such date,
in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP.

     "Financial Statements" shall mean, with respect to any accounting period of
any Person,  statements  of income and cash flow of such Person for such period,
and balance sheets of such Person as of the end of such period, setting forth in
each  case in  comparative  form  figures  for the  corresponding  period in the
preceding  fiscal year or, if such period is a full fiscal  year,  corresponding
figures from the preceding annual audit,  all prepared in reasonable  detail and
in  accordance  with GAAP.  "Financial  Statements"  shall include the notes and
schedules thereto.

     "Fixed Charge  Coverage  Ratio" shall mean, as of the date of  calculation,
calculated for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated  basis, the ratio
of (a) (i) EBITDA  for the  applicable  fiscal  period  minus  (ii) the  Capital
Expenditures  Maintenance  Amount and minus (iii)  federal and state  income tax
expense during such applicable  fiscal period minus (iv) the aggregate amount of
dividends  declared  or  paid  by  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  during  such
applicable fiscal period minus (v) the aggregate amount paid by Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  to their  shareholders  in respect of treasury  stock  during such
applicable fiscal period to (b) Debt Service for such applicable fiscal period.

     "Foreign  Subsidiaries" and "Foreign Subsidiary" shall mean,  respectively,
(a)  Subsidiaries of a Person organized and existing under the laws of a country
or  jurisdiction  other than the United States of America or any state  thereof,
and (b) any one of such Subsidiaries."

     "Foreign  Subsidiary  Indebtedness"  shall mean Indebtedness of the Foreign
Subsidiaries of Borrower. -------------------------------

     "GAAP" shall mean generally  accepted  accounting  principles in the United
States of America in effect from time to time.

     "Guarantor" shall mean FabTech, Inc., a Delaware corporation. ---------

     "Guarantor Security Agreement" shall mean that certain amended and restated
Security Agreement, on Bank's standard form therefor, duly executed by Guarantor
in favor of Bank.

     "Guaranty" shall mean that certain Continuing Guaranty dated as of December
1, 2000, duly executed by Guarantor in favor of and with Bank, pursuant to which
Guarantor unconditionally guaranteed the payment by Borrower of the Obligations,
provided,   however,  that  Guarantor's  liability  thereunder  for  Obligations
representing   principal  shall  not  exceed  Twenty-Six   Million  Two  Hundred
Eighty-Eight   Thousand   Three   Hundred   Thirty-Three   and  38/100   Dollars
($26,288,333.38).

     "Guaranty  Obligation"  shall mean, as to any Person,  any (a) guarantee by
such Person of Indebtedness  of, or other  obligation  performable by, any other
Person or (b)  assurance  given by such Person to an obligee of any other Person
with respect to the performance of an obligation by, or the financial  condition
of, such other Person,  whether  direct,  indirect or contingent,  including any
purchase or  repurchase  agreement  covering such  obligation or any  collateral
security  therefor,  any agreement to provide funds (by means of loans,  capital
contributions  or otherwise) to such other Person,  any agreement to support the
solvency  or  level  of any  balance  sheet  item of such  other  Person  or any
"keep-well"  or other  arrangement  of whatever  nature given for the purpose of
assuring or holding  harmless  such  obligee  against  loss with  respect to any
obligation  of such other Person;  provided,  however,  that the term  "Guaranty
Obligation"  shall not  include  endorsements  of  instruments  for  deposit  or
collection in the ordinary course of business and customary indemnities given in
connection with asset sales in the ordinary course of business.

     "Indebtedness"  shall mean,  as to any Person  (without  duplication),  (a)
indebtedness  of such Person for  borrowed  money or for the  deferred  purchase
price of property  (excluding (i)  Subordinated  Indebtedness and (ii) trade and
other  accounts  payable in the ordinary  course of business in accordance  with
ordinary trade terms and accrued liabilities  incurred in the ordinary course of
business,  including  any  contingent  obligation  of such  Person  for any such
indebtedness), (b) indebtedness of such Person of the nature described in clause
(a) that is  non-recourse  to the credit of such Person but is secured by assets
of such  Person,  to the  extent  of the fair  market  value of such  assets  as
determined in good faith by such Person,  (c) Capital Lease  Obligations of such
Person,  (d)  indebtedness  of such Person  arising  under  bankers'  acceptance
facilities or under  facilities for the discount of accounts  receivable of such
Person, (e) any direct or contingent obligations of such Person under letters of
credit issued for the account of such Person and (f) any net obligations of such
Person under any interest rate protection agreements.

     "Insolvency  Proceeding" shall mean and include any proceeding commenced by
or  against  Borrower  or any of its  Subsidiaries  under any  provision  of the
Bankruptcy Code, or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including, but
not limited to,  assignments  for the benefit of  creditors,  formal or informal
moratoriums, and compositions or extensions with some or all creditors.

     "Leverage  Ratio"  shall  mean,  as of the last day of any fiscal  quarter,
determined for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated  basis, the ratio
of (a) all  Indebtedness  of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  on that date to (b)
EBITDA for the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ended on such date.

     "Lien"  shall  mean any lien,  mortgage,  deed of trust,  pledge,  security
interest,  charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional  sale or
other  title  retention  agreement,  any lease in the  nature  thereof,  and any
agreement to give any security interest).

     "Loan  Documents"  shall mean and include this  Agreement,  the Notes,  the
Guaranty,   the  Security   Agreements,   the  Alternative   Dispute  Resolution
Agreements, the Subordination Agreement and all other documents, instruments and
agreements,  and all  related  riders,  exhibits,  resolutions,  authorizations,
financing statements and certificates  delivered to Bank in connection with this
Agreement.

     "Loans" and "Loan"  shall mean,  respectively,  (a) the loans to be made by
Bank to Borrower pursuant to Section 2 hereof and (b) any one of such Loans.

     "Net Cash Issuance  Proceeds"  shall mean,  with respect to the issuance of
any debt security or equity security by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the
Cash  proceeds  received  by or  for  the  account  of  Borrower  or  any of its
Subsidiaries  in  consideration  of  such  issuance,  net  of  (a)  underwriting
discounts  and  commissions  actually  paid to any  Person not an  Affiliate  of
Borrower and (b) professional fees and disbursements actually paid in connection
therewith.

     "Net Cash Sales Proceeds" shall mean, with respect to any Disposition,  the
sum of (a) the Cash proceeds  received by or for the account of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  from such  Disposition  plus (b) the amount of Cash received by or
for the account of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  upon the sale,  collection or
other  liquidation of any proceeds that are not Cash from such  Disposition,  in
each case net of (i) any  amount  required  to be paid to any  Person  owning an
interest in the assets  disposed of, (ii) any amount applied to the repayment of
Indebtedness  secured by a Lien permitted  under Section 7.1 hereof on the asset
disposed  of,  (iii) any transfer  tax,  income tax or other taxes  payable as a
result of such Disposition, (iv) professional fees and expenses, fees due to any
governmental agency,  brokers' commissions and other out-of-pocket costs of sale
actually paid to any Person that is not an Affiliate of Borrower attributable to
such  Disposition,  and (v) any reserves  established in accordance with GAAP in
connection with such Disposition.

     "Net Profit After Taxes" shall mean, for any fiscal  period,  the after-tax
income of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal period, as determined in
accordance with GAAP. For the purposes of determining Borrower's compliance with
Section  6.8  hereof,  'Net  Profit  After  Taxes'  shall not include any income
adjustments required as a result of the recent GAAP pronouncement on goodwill.

     "Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan Commitment"  shall have the meaning assigned to
that term in Section 2.3 hereof.

     "Nonrevolving-To-Term Note" shall have the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 2.3 hereof.

     "Notes" and "Note" shall mean,  respectively,  (a) the Revolving  Note, the
Acquisition Note and the Nonrevolving-To-Term Note, and (b) any of such Notes.

     "Obligations"   shall  mean  and  include  all  loans,   advances,   debts,
liabilities and obligations,  howsoever arising,  owed by Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries to Bank of every kind and description  (whether or not evidenced by
any note or instrument  and whether or not for the payment of money),  direct or
indirect,  absolute  or  contingent,  due or to be come  due,  now  existing  or
hereafter  arising  pursuant  to the terms of this  Agreement,  any  other  Loan
Document or any other agreement or instrument,  including without limitation any
Indebtedness of Borrower which Bank obtains by assignment or otherwise,  and all
Bank Expenses.

"Permitted Guaranty Obligations" shall mean:

     (a)  Guaranty  Obligations  existing  on the  date of this  Agreement,  and
refinancings, renewals, extensions or amendments that do not increase the amount
thereof;

              (b) Guaranty Obligations under the Loan Documents; and

              (c) Guaranty Obligations owed to Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.

"Permitted Indebtedness" shall mean:

              (a) the Obligations;

              (b) Indebtedness owed to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

              (c) trade payables and other contractual obligations to suppliers
and customers incurred in the ordinary course of business;

     (d) Indebtedness of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred to finance
the  purchase of  equipment  constituting  a Capital  Expenditure  permitted  by
Section 7.10 of this Agreement;

     (e) other Indebtedness existing on the date of this Agreement and reflected
in the Financial  Statement of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2002, and  refinancings,  renewals,  extensions or amendments
that do not increase the amount thereof;

     (f)  Indebtedness  of  Guarantor  reflected in the  Financial  Statement of
Guarantor  for the fiscal  year  ended  December  31,  2002,  and  refinancings,
renewals, extensions or amendments that do not increase the amount thereof;

              (g) lease obligations permitted under Section 7.12 of this
Agreement;

              (h) the Subordinated Indebtedness;

     (i)  Indebtedness  consisting  of debt  securities  for  which the Net Cash
Issuance Proceeds will be applied as a mandatory  prepayment pursuant to Section
2.7 of this Agreement;

     (j) other Indebtedness not referred to hereinabove; provided, however, that
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed
Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) at any time; and

     (k) Foreign Subsidiary Indebtedness;  provided, however, that the aggregate
outstanding  principal amount of such Foreign Subsidiary  Indebtedness shall not
exceed Thirty-One Million Dollars ($31,000,000) at any time.

"Permitted Liens" shall mean:

     (a) Liens for taxes not yet payable or Liens for taxes being  contested  in
good faith and by proper proceedings diligently pursued,  provided that adequate
reserves  shall have been made therefor on the applicable  Financial  Statement,
the Lien shall have no effect on the priority of Bank's security interest in the
Collateral and a stay of enforcement of any such Lien shall be in effect;

         (b) Liens in favor of Bank;

     (c) Liens upon equipment granted in connection with the acquisition of such
equipment  by  Borrower  or  any of  its  Subsidiaries  after  the  date  hereof
(including, without limitation,  pursuant to capital leases); provided, however,
that  (i)  the  cost of  such  acquisition  constitutes  a  Capital  Expenditure
permitted by Section 7.10 of this Agreement,  (ii) the Indebtedness  incurred to
finance each such  acquisition  is permitted by this  Agreement,  and (iii) each
such Lien attaches only to the equipment acquired with the Indebtedness  secured
thereby, and the proceeds and products thereof;

     (d)  reservations,  exceptions,  encroachments,  easements,  rights of way,
covenants, conditions,  restrictions,  leases and other similar title exceptions
or encumbrances affecting real property which do not in the aggregate materially
detract from the value of the real property or materially  interfere  with their
use  in  the  ordinary  conduct  of  the  business  of  Borrower  or  any of its
Subsidiaries;

     (e) deposits under workmen's compensation,  unemployment insurance,  social
security  and  other  similar  laws   applicable  to  Borrower  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries; and

     (f) Liens  relating  to  statutory  obligations  of  Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries  with  respect to surety and appeal  bonds,  performance  bonds and
other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business.

     "Person" shall mean any natural  person,  corporation,  partnership,  joint
venture, limited liability company, firm, association,  government, governmental
agency, court or any other entity.

     "Prior Agreement" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Recital A
of this Agreement.

     "Revolving Credit  Commitment" shall have the meaning assigned to that term
in Section 2.1 hereof.

"Revolving Note" shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.1
hereof.

     "Security  Agreements" shall mean  respectively,  (a) the Borrower Security
Agreement and the Guarantor Security Agreement,  and (b) either of such Security
Agreements.

"Stock Purchase" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Prior
Agreement.

"Stock Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
Prior Agreement.

     "Subordinated   Indebtedness"   shall  mean   Guarantor's   obligations  to
Subordinating  Creditor under the Subordinated  Note, which obligations shall be
subordinated in right of payment to the obligations and liabilities of Guarantor
to Bank under the Guaranty pursuant to the terms of the Subordination Agreement.

     "Subordinated   Note"  shall  mean  that   certain   Amended  and  Restated
Subordinated Promissory Note dated June 29, 2001, executed by Guarantor in favor
of Subordinating  Creditor, in the original principal amount of Thirteen Million
Forty-Nine Thousand Dollars ($13,049,000),  as such Subordinated Promissory Note
is in effect on the date of this Agreement.

     "Subordinating  Creditor" shall mean Lite-On Power  Semiconductor  Corp., a
Taiwan corporation. ----------------------

     "Subordination  Agreement" shall mean that certain Subordination  Agreement
dated  December 1, 2000,  by and between  Subordinating  Creditor and Bank,  and
acknowledged  by  Guarantor  and  Borrower,  as  amended by that  certain  First
Amendment dated as of August 10, 2001 and that certain Second Amendment dated as
of May 1, 2002, and as at any time further  amended,  supplemented  or otherwise
modified or restated.

     "Subsidiary"  of  a  Person  shall  mean  any   corporation,   association,
partnership,  limited liability company, joint venture or other business entity,
whether  foreign or  domestic,  of which more than  fifty  percent  (50%) of the
voting  stock or other  equity  interests  (in the case of  Persons  other  than
corporations),  is owned or controlled  directly or indirectly by the Person, or
one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Person, or a combination thereof.  Unless
the context otherwise  requires,  (a) references herein to a "Subsidiary"  shall
refer to a Subsidiary of Borrower and (b) references to "Subsidiaries" shall not
include  Guarantor  to the extent that they relate to dates or periods  prior to
the consummation by Borrower of the Stock Purchase.

     "Tangible Net Worth" shall mean,  for any fiscal period of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries,  the net worth of  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries,  decreased  by
patents,  trademarks,  trade names, goodwill and other similar intangible assets
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 2.  AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT

     2.1 Revolving  Credit  Commitment.  Subject to the terms and  conditions of
this  Agreement,  from the date of this  Agreement to but excluding June 1, 2005
(the "Revolving Credit Commitment Termination Date"),  provided that no Event of
Default then has occurred and is continuing, Bank will make loans (collectively,
the  "Revolving  Loans" and  individually,  a  "Revolving  Loan") to Borrower as
Borrower may request from time to time;  provided,  however,  that the aggregate
principal  amount of all such Revolving Loans  outstanding at any one time shall
not exceed  Seven  Million  Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($7,500,000)  (the
"Revolving Credit  Commitment").  Within the limits of time and amount set forth
in this Section 2.1,  Borrower may borrow,  repay and reborrow  Revolving  Loans
under the Revolving  Credit  Commitment.  All Revolving Loans shall be requested
before the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  Termination  Date,  on which date all
unpaid principal of and accrued interest on all Revolving Loans shall be due and
payable.  Borrower's  obligation to repay the principal  amount of all Revolving
Loans,  together  with  accrued  interest  thereon,  shall  be  evidenced  by  a
promissory  note issued by Borrower in favor of Bank (the  "Revolving  Note") on
the standard form used by Bank to evidence its commercial  loans.  The Revolving
Note shall replace and supersede that certain  replacement  Revolving Note dated
as of May 1, 2002,  issued by  Borrower  in favor of Bank  pursuant to the Prior
Agreement.  Bank shall enter the amount of each Revolving Loan, and any payments
thereof,  in its  books  and  records,  and such  entries  shall be prima  facie
evidence of the amount  outstanding under the Revolving Credit  Commitment.  The
failure  of Bank to make  any  notation  in its  books  and  records  shall  not
discharge  Borrower of its obligation to repay in full with interest all amounts
borrowed  hereunder.  The proceeds of the Revolving Loans shall be disbursed for
the  purposes  set forth in  Section  2.4(a)  hereof  pursuant  to  disbursement
instructions provided to Bank on Bank's standard form therefor.

     2.2 Acquisition  Loan  Commitment.  Pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the Prior Agreement,  Bank made a term loan (the "Acquisition Loan") to Borrower
in a single disbursement in the original principal amount of Ten Million Dollars
($10,000,000).  Immediately prior to the date of this Agreement, the outstanding
principal  amount of the  Acquisition  Loan was Six Million  One Hundred  Eleven
Thousand One Hundred Eleven and 22/100 Dollars ($6,111,111.22) (the "Acquisition
Loan  Commitment").  Borrower's  obligation to repay the principal amount of the
Acquisition Loan, together with accrued interest thereon,  shall be evidenced by
a promissory note (the  "Acquisition  Note") issued by Borrower in favor of Bank
on the  standard  form  used by Bank  to  evidence  its  commercial  loans.  The
Acquisition   Note  shall  replace  and  supersede   that  certain   replacement
Acquisition  Note dated as of May 1, 2002,  issued by  Borrower in favor of Bank
pursuant to the Prior Agreement. The Acquisition Note shall provide for payments
of  principal  and  interest  as set forth  therein.  On  December  1, 2004 (the
"Acquisition  Loan  Maturity  Date"),  all unpaid  principal  of and accrued but
unpaid interest on the Acquisition  Loan shall be due and payable.  The proceeds
of the  Acquisition  Loan were  disbursed  for the purposes set forth in Section
2.4(b) hereof pursuant to disbursement  instructions  provided to Bank on Bank's
standard form therefor.

     2.3 Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan Commitment.  During the period from the date
of this Agreement to but excluding June 1, 2004 (the  "Conversion  Date"),  Bank
will  make   loans   (collectively,   the   "Nonrevolving-To-Term   Loans"   and
individually,  a  "Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan")  to  Borrower  in  an  aggregate
principal   amount  not  to  exceed  Two  Million  Dollars   ($2,000,000)   (the
"Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan Commitment").  On or before Borrower's request for a
Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan hereunder,  Borrower shall provide Bank with copies of
one or more  invoices  reflecting  the purchase  price(s) for the new  equipment
being purchased with the proceeds of such  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan.  Borrower
acknowledges that the principal amount of each  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan shall
not exceed eighty percent (80%) of the purchase  price(s) of such new equipment,
as reflected in the corresponding invoice(s). Borrower may borrow and repay, but
once   repaid   may  not   reborrow,   Nonrevolving-To-Term   Loans   under  the
Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan  Commitment  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of the
Nonrevolving-To-Term Note (as such term is defined hereinbelow). The outstanding
principal  amount  of any and  all  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans  made by Bank to
Borrower under the Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan Commitment shall bear interest only
during the period  from the date of this  Agreement  through and  including  the
Conversion  Date.  On the  Conversion  Date,  so long as no Event of Default has
occurred  and  is  then  continuing,  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  all
Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans then outstanding under the Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan
Commitment  shall be  converted to a fully  amortizing  five (5) year term loan,
with principal  payable in sixty (60) equal  consecutive  monthly  installments,
commencing  on July 1,  2004,  and with  interest  payable  at the same  time as
principal, all as more particularly set forth in the Nonrevolving-To-Term  Note.
The  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Note shall mature on June 1, 2009,  on which date all
outstanding  principal  and  interest  thereunder  shall  be  due  and  payable.
Borrower's  obligation  to  repay  the  Nonrevolving-To-Term   Loans  under  the
Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan  Commitment,  and the five (5) year fully  amortizing
term loan  provided for  hereinabove,  together with accrued  interest  thereon,
shall  be  evidenced  by a single  promissory  note  (the  "Nonrevolving-To-Term
Note"), issued by Borrower in favor of Bank on the standard form used by Bank to
evidence   its   commercial   loans.   Bank  shall  enter  the  amount  of  each
Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan, the amount of the five (5) year fully amortizing term
loan,  and the amount of each repayment in Bank's records and such entries shall
be deemed to be the  amount  outstanding  under  the  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan
Commitment.  The  failure of Bank to make any  notation in its books and records
shall not  discharge  Borrower of its  obligation to repay in full with interest
all amounts borrowed hereunder. The proceeds of the  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans
and the five (5) year  fully  amortizing  term loan shall be  disbursed  for the
purposes  set  forth  in  Section   2.4(c)  hereof   pursuant  to   disbursement
instructions provided to Bank on Bank's standard form therefor.

     2.4  Purposes of the Loans.

     (a) The  proceeds  of the  Revolving  Loans  shall be used  for  Borrower's
domestic working capital  purposes only.  Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing  sentence,  Borrower  shall not use the proceeds of any Revolving Loan
directly  or   indirectly   to  finance  the  overseas   operations  or  Capital
Expenditures  of Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  or to repay or prepay any
Subordinated Indebtedness.

     (b)  The  proceeds  of the  Acquisition  Loan  were  used  by  Borrower  to
consummate the Stock Purchase in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Stock Purchase Agreement.

     (c)  The  proceeds  of the  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans  shall  be  used by
Borrower to purchase new  equipment  for Borrower and  Guarantor  only,  and the
proceeds of the five (5) year fully  amortizing term loan shall be used to repay
in  full  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of all  Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loans
outstanding on the Conversion Date.

     2.5  Interest.

     (a) Each Loan shall bear interest at the rate or rates  provided for in the
corresponding Note and selected by Borrower.

     (b)  Interest  on the Loans  shall be  computed  on the basis of the actual
number of days during which the principal is outstanding  thereunder  divided by
360 which shall, for the purposes of computing  interest,  be considered one (1)
year.

     (c) Interest shall be payable on the outstanding  principal  amount of each
Loan as set forth in the  corresponding  Note in  accordance  with  Section 2.10
hereof.

     2.6 Voluntary Prepayment. The principal Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes
may, at any time and from time to time,  voluntarily be paid or prepaid in whole
or in part without penalty or premium in accordance with the terms of the Notes,
except that,  with respect to any voluntary  prepayment  under this Section 2.6,
(a) the amount of any  partial  prepayment  of a Loan shall not be less than One
Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($100,000)  and shall be in an integral  multiple of
Fifty  Thousand  Dollars  ($50,000)  in excess  thereof  and (b) any  payment or
prepayment  of all or any part of any  Base  Interest  Rate  Loan  under  and as
defined in any Note on a day, other than the last day of the applicable Interest
Period  under and as defined in such Note,  shall be subject to the payment of a
prepayment  fee as provided for in such Note.  Principal sums so paid or prepaid
shall be  applied  to those  installments  scheduled  to repay  the  outstanding
principal  amount of the applicable  Loan in the inverse order of maturity,  but
shall not postpone the due date or change the amount of any subsequent principal
installment unless Bank shall otherwise agree in writing.

     2.7  Mandatory  Prepayments.  The principal  Indebtedness  evidenced by the
Notes shall be prepaid on or before the fifth Business Day following the receipt
by  Borrower  or any of its  Subsidiaries  of (i) Net Cash Sales  Proceeds  from
Dispositions,  by an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of such Net Cash
Sales  Proceeds,  (ii) Net Cash  Issuance  Proceeds  from the  issuance  of debt
securities  of Borrower  or any of its  Subsidiaries  (other  than  Indebtedness
permitted by subsections (a) through (h) and subsection (j) of the definition of
Permitted Indebtedness  hereinabove),  by an amount equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of such Net Cash Issuance  Proceeds and (iii) Net Cash Issuance  Proceeds
from the issuance of equity  securities  of Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries
(except  any  issuance  of  equity  securities  to  Borrower  or to  any  of its
Subsidiaries  or to employees  or former  employees,  directors  and officers of
Borrower  pursuant  to an exercise of stock  options  with  respect to equity in
Borrower),  by an amount  equal to one hundred  percent  (100%) of such Net Cash
Issuance Proceeds.

     2.8 Default Rate. If all or any portion of the principal amount of any Loan
made  under this  Agreement  shall not be paid when due  (whether  at the stated
maturity,  by acceleration or otherwise),  such overdue principal amount, and to
the extent permitted by law overdue interest thereon, shall be payable on demand
at a rate per annum equal to the rate which would  otherwise be applicable  plus
five percent  (5%),  effective  from the date that such amounts  become  overdue
until paid in full.

     2.9  Fees.

     (a) On or before the date of this  Agreement,  Borrower shall pay to Bank a
fee in connection with the extension of the Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan Commitment
in the amount of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500),  which fee shall be
nonrefundable.  The payment of such fee shall  constitute the payment in full by
Borrower  of all of the Bank  Expenses  due to Bank for the period  prior to the
date of this Agreement.

     (b) On or before the date of this  Agreement,  Borrower shall pay to Bank a
fee in connection  with the renewal of the Revolving  Credit  Commitment and the
documentation  of this  Agreement and the other Loan  Documents in the amount of
Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000), which fee shall be nonrefundable.

     2.10 Bank's  Right to Charge  Deposit  Account.  Borrower  authorizes  Bank
(irrevocably  until the  Obligations  are paid in full and Bank's  commitment to
extend the Loans  hereunder is  terminated)  from time to time to charge against
account number 3030158082  maintained by Borrower with Bank any principal and/or
interest  due or past due in respect of the  Obligations  under this  Agreement;
provided  that Bank shall not have any  obligation  to charge past due  payments
against such deposit account.

     2.11 Revolving  Credit  Commitment  Unused Fee. On the last Business Day of
each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year,  commencing  March 31, 2003, and on the
Revolving Credit Commitment  Termination Date,  Borrower shall pay to Bank a fee
in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitment equal to the Applicable Percentage
of the average daily unutilized amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment during
such fiscal quarter or portion  thereof.  As used herein,  the term  "Applicable
Percentage"  shall mean (a)  three-eighths of one percent (3/8 of 1%) per annum,
if the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal quarter was greater than
2.0 to 1.0,  (b)  three-tenths  of one  percent  (3/10 of 1%) per annum,  if the
Leverage  Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal quarter was less than or equal
to 2.0 to 1.0 but greater than 1.5 to 1.0, (c)  one-quarter  of one percent (1/4
of 1%) per  annum,  if the  Leverage  Ratio as of the  last  day of such  fiscal
quarter  was less than or equal to 1.5 to 1.0 but greater  than 1.0 to 1.0,  (d)
one-fifth of one percent (1/5 of 1%) per annum,  if the Leverage Ratio as of the
last day of such fiscal quarter was less than or equal to 1.0 to 1.0 but greater
than  0.75 to 1.0,  and (e)  three-twentieths  of one  percent  (3/20 of 1%) per
annum,  if the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal quarter was less
than or equal to 0.75 to 1.0.

SECTION 3.  COLLATERAL

     3.1 Security  Provided By Borrower.  Borrower shall execute and deliver the
Borrower Security  Agreement to Bank,  pursuant to which Borrower shall grant to
Bank a  security  interest  in all of  Borrower's  accounts,  deposit  accounts,
instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, inventory, equipment
and  furniture,  whether  then owned or  thereafter  acquired by  Borrower,  all
proceeds and  insurance  proceeds of the  foregoing,  all  guaranties  and other
security  therefor,  and all of Borrower's  present and future books and records
relating  thereto  (including  computer-stored   information  and  all  software
relating  thereto),  and all contract rights with third parties  relating to the
maintenance  of any such books,  records and  information,  as security  for the
payment and  performance of all  obligations and liabilities of Borrower to Bank
under the Prior Agreement and all documents, instruments and agreements executed
by Borrower in  connection  therewith.  The  security  interest  granted to Bank
pursuant to the Borrower  Security  Agreement shall be a first priority security
interest,  or such lesser priority as may be permitted by this  Agreement.  Each
classification  of personal  property  used  hereinabove  shall have the meaning
given to it in the California Commercial Code. Nothing contained in this Section
3.1 or in the  Borrower  Security  Agreement  shall be deemed  to grant  Bank or
confirm in favor of Bank a security  interest in the assets of any Subsidiary of
Borrower.

     3.2  Security  Provided By  Guarantor.  Borrower  shall cause  Guarantor to
execute and deliver the Guarantor Security Agreement to Bank,  pursuant to which
Guarantor  shall grant to Bank, as security for the payment and  performance  of
all Obligations of Guarantor to Bank under the Guaranty,  a security interest in
all of  Guarantor's  accounts,  deposit  accounts,  instruments,  chattel paper,
documents, general intangibles,  inventory,  equipment,  furniture and fixtures,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Guarantor, all proceeds and insurance
proceeds of the foregoing,  all guaranties and other security therefor,  and all
of Guarantor's  present and future books and records relating thereto (including
computer-stored information and all software relating thereto), and all contract
rights with third parties relating to the maintenance of any such books, records
and information. The security interest granted to Bank pursuant to the Guarantor
Security Agreement shall be a first priority security  interest,  or such lesser
priority as may be permitted by this Agreement.

     3.3 Power of Attorney.  Until the  Obligations of Borrower are paid in full
and Bank has no commitment to extend further Loans  hereunder,  Borrower  hereby
irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints Bank (and any officers, employees or
agents of Bank designated by Bank) as Borrower's true and lawful attorney,  with
power  to sign  Borrower's  name on any  documents  or  instruments  which  Bank
believes  should be  executed,  recorded  and/or  filed in order to perfect,  or
continue the  perfection,  of Bank's  security  interest in the Collateral or to
liquidate or realize value from the Collateral  after the occurrence of an Event
of Default.

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

     4.1  Conditions  Precedent to Initial Loan.  The obligation of Bank to make
its initial Loan hereunder is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of
Bank and its counsel,  of each of the following  conditions,  to the extent that
such conditions were not satisfied under the Prior Agreement:

              (a) Notes. Bank shall have received the Notes, duly executed by
Borrower to the order of Bank;

              (b) Authorizations to Obtain Credit.

     (i) Bank shall have received an Authorization  to Obtain Credit,  on Bank's
standard form therefor, duly executed by the secretary of Borrower, attesting to
the resolution of the board of directors of Borrower  authorizing  the execution
and delivery of this Agreement,  the Notes and all other Loan Documents required
hereunder  to which  Borrower is a party and  authorizing  specific  responsible
officers of Borrower to execute same;

     (ii) Bank shall have received an Authorization to Obtain Credit,  on Bank's
standard form therefor,  duly executed by the secretary of Guarantor,  attesting
to the  resolution  of the  board of  directors  of  Guarantor  authorizing  the
execution  and delivery of the Guaranty  and all other Loan  Documents  required
hereunder to which  Guarantor is a party and  authorizing  specific  responsible
officers of Guarantor to execute same; and

     (iii) Bank shall have received an Authorization to Obtain Credit, on Bank's
standard  form  therefor,  duly  executed  by  the  secretary  of  Subordinating
Creditor, attesting to the resolution of the board of directors of Subordinating
Creditor  authorizing the execution and delivery of the Subordination  Agreement
and all other Loan Documents required hereunder to which Subordinating  Creditor
is a party  and  authorizing  specific  responsible  officers  of  Subordinating
Creditor to execute same;

     (c) Alternative Dispute Resolution Agreements. Bank shall have received the
Alternative Dispute Resolution Agreements;

     (d) No Material  Adverse  Change.  No material  adverse  change  shall have
occurred in the business,  operations,  assets, prospects, earnings or condition
(financial or otherwise) of Borrower;

     (e)   Authorizations  to  Disburse.   Bank  shall  have  received  executed
Authorizations to Disburse, each on Bank's standard form therefor, duly executed
by  Borrower,  directing  Bank to disburse the proceeds of the Loans as provided
for herein;

     (f) Collateral  Documents.  Bank shall have received the Borrower  Security
Agreement and the Guarantor Security Agreement, together with such UCC financing
statements,  fixture filings,  UCC searches,  tax lien and litigation  searches,
insurance  certificates,  waivers and consents,  and other similar  documents as
Bank may require,  and in such form as Bank may  require,  in order to evidence,
perfect (in the priority required hereunder) and assure Bank's security interest
in the Collateral;

     (g)  Subordination  Agreement.  Bank shall have received the  Subordination
Agreement, duly executed by Subordinating Creditor;

     (h) Nonrevolving-To-Term  Loan Commitment and Documentation Fee. Bank shall
have received the fee in respect of the Nonrevolving-To-Term Loan Commitment and
the  documentation  of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,  as provided
for in Section 2.9 hereof; and

     (i) Other  Documents.  Bank  shall  have  received  such  other  documents,
instruments  and  agreements as Bank may  reasonably  require in order to effect
fully the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     4.2  Conditions  Precedent to Subsequent  Loans.  The obligation of Bank to
make each Loan  hereunder  subsequent  to the  initial  Loan is  subject  to the
fulfillment,  at or prior to the time of the making of such Loan, of each of the
following further conditions:

     (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The  representations  and warranties
contained in this Agreement shall be true, complete and accurate in all material
respects on and as of such date (except to the extent that such  representations
and warranties relate solely to any earlier date); and

     (b) No Event of Default. No Event of Default or event which, with the lapse
of time or notice, or both, would be an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing on the date of such Loan,  nor shall either result from the making
of such Loan.

SECTION 5.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Borrower represents and warrants that:

     5.1 Principal Business Activity.  The principal business of Borrower is the
manufacturing and distribution of discrete  semiconductor  devices primarily for
manufacturers in the computer and consumer products industries.

     5.2 Authority to Borrow.  The execution,  delivery and  performance of this
Agreement,  the Notes and all other Loan  Documents to which Borrower is a party
are not in  contravention  of any of the terms of any  indenture,  agreement  or
undertaking  to which  Borrower is a party or by which it or any of its property
is bound or affected.

     5.3 Financial Statements.  The consolidated Financial Statement of Borrower
and its  Subsidiaries  as at December 31, 2002,  for the fiscal year of Borrower
and its Subsidiaries  ended on such date, has heretofore been furnished to Bank,
and is true and  complete  and fairly  represents  the  financial  condition  of
Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  for the fiscal  period  covered  thereby.  Since
December 31, 2002,  there has been no material  adverse  change in the business,
operations, assets, prospects, earnings or condition (financial or otherwise) of
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

     5.4 Adverse  Change.  Except for assets which may have been  disposed of in
the ordinary  course of business,  Borrower and its  Subsidiaries  have good and
marketable title to all of the property reflected in the Financial  Statement of
Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  as at  December  31,  2002 and to all  property
acquired  by it since  that  date,  free and  clear of all  Liens  except  those
specifically set forth therein.

     5.5  No  Litigation.  There  is no  litigation  or  proceeding  pending  or
threatened  against  Borrower  or  any  of its  Subsidiaries,  or  any of  their
respective properties, the results of which, if decided adversely, are likely to
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,  property or business
of Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  or result in liability in excess of the
insurance coverage of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

     5.6 No Event of  Default.  Borrower is not now in default in the payment of
any of its material  obligations,  and there  exists no event,  condition or act
which constitutes an Event of Default and no event,  condition or act which with
notice, the lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

     5.7  Organization.  Each of Borrower and  Guarantor is duly  organized  and
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,  without  limitation as to its
existence,  and has the power and authority to carry on the business in which it
is engaged and proposes to engage.

     5.8 Power and Authority.  Borrower has the corporate power and authority to
enter into this  Agreement  and to execute  and deliver the Notes and all of the
other Loan Documents to which it is a party.  Guarantor has the corporate  power
and authority to execute and deliver the Guaranty and any other Loan Document to
which it is a party.

     5.9 Qualification.  Each of Borrower and Guarantor is duly qualified and in
good standing as a foreign corporation  wherever such qualification is required,
except in those  jurisdictions  where the failure to so qualify would not have a
material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, prospects, earnings
or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower or Guarantor.

     5.10 ERISA.  The defined  benefit pension plans (as such term is defined in
the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974, as amended  ("ERISA")) of
Borrower  and  Guarantor,  meet,  as of the date  hereof,  the  minimum  funding
standards  of section  302 of ERISA,  and no  Reportable  Event (as such term is
defined in ERISA) or Prohibited  Transaction  (as such term is defined in ERISA)
has occurred with respect to any such plan.

     5.11  Regulation  U. No action  has been taken or is  currently  planned by
Borrower, or any agent acting on its behalf, which would cause this Agreement or
any  Loan to  violate  Regulation  U or any  other  regulation  of the  Board of
Governors  of the  Federal  Reserve  System or to  violate  the  Securities  and
Exchange Act of 1934, in each case as in effect now or as the same may hereafter
be in  effect.  Borrower  is not  engaged  principally,  or as  one of its  most
important  activities,  in the business of  extending  credit for the purpose of
purchasing  or carrying  "margin  stock" as that term is defined in Regulation U
and none of the  proceeds of any Loan  hereunder  have been or shall be used for
the purpose,  directly or indirectly,  of purchasing or carrying any such margin
stock.

     5.12 No Current Limitation on Repatriation of Cash Profits.  On the date of
this Agreement,  there is no limitation on the  repatriation by Borrower of Cash
from profits generated by its foreign Subsidiaries.

SECTION 6.  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

     Borrower  covenants and agrees that, so long as this Agreement  shall be in
effect  and  until  payment  in  full  of all  Obligations,  including,  without
limitation,  any accrued and unpaid interest thereon,  and any other amounts due
hereunder,  Borrower  shall  perform  each  and all of the  following  covenants
applicable to it:

     6.1 Payment of Obligations.  Borrower shall promptly pay and discharge, and
cause  each of its  Subsidiaries  to  promptly  pay and  discharge,  all  taxes,
assessments and other governmental  charges and claims levied or imposed upon it
or its property, or any part thereof;  provided,  however, that Borrower and its
Subsidiaries  shall  have the right in good  faith to  contest  any such  taxes,
assessments,  charges or claims and,  pending the  outcome of such  contest,  to
delay or refuse payment thereof,  provided that such reserves as may be required
by  GAAP  are  established  by  them  to  pay  and  discharge  any  such  taxes,
assessments, charges and claims.

     6.2 Maintenance of Existence.  Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries  shall
maintain and preserve its  existence and assets and all rights,  franchises  and
other authority necessary for the conduct of its business and shall maintain and
preserve its  property,  equipment and  facilities in good order,  condition and
repair.  Bank may, at reasonable times,  visit and inspect any of the properties
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

     6.3 Records.  Each of Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall keep and maintain
full and accurate accounts and records of its operations in accordance with GAAP
and shall permit Bank to have access thereto, to make examination  thereof,  and
to audit same during regular business hours.

     6.4 Information Furnished.  Borrower shall furnish or cause to be furnished
to Bank:

     (a) Quarterly Financial Statements.  Within sixty (60) days after the close
of each fiscal quarter,  except for the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year,
a copy of the unaudited  consolidated  Financial  Statements of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries,  on Form 10-Q, as of the close of such fiscal quarter, prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except that such unaudited  Financial  Statements need not
include footnotes and other informational disclosures);

     (b) Annual Financial Statements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after
the close of each fiscal year of Borrower, a copy of the consolidated  Financial
Statements  of Borrower and its  Subsidiaries,  on Form 10-K, as of the close of
such fiscal year,  prepared on an audited  basis in  accordance  with GAAP by an
independent  certified  public  accountant  selected by Borrower and  reasonably
satisfactory to Bank;

     (c)  Compliance  Certificates.  With each  quarterly  and annual  Financial
Statement  furnished to Bank pursuant to Sections 6.4(a) and 6.4(b) hereinabove,
a certificate of Borrower's  chief  financial  officer or controller (i) setting
forth in reasonable detail the calculations  required to establish that Borrower
was in  compliance  with its  covenants  set forth in Sections  6.5 through 6.8,
Section 7.8 and (in the case of the annual  Financial  Statement  only)  Section
7.10  hereof  during the period  covered by such  Financial  Statement  and (ii)
stating that, except as explained in reasonable detail in such certificate,  (A)
all of the  representations,  warranties and covenants of Borrower  contained in
this  Agreement and the other Loan  Documents are correct and complete as at the
date of such certificate,  except for those representations and warranties which
relate to a  particular  date and (B) no Event of Default then exists or existed
during  the period  covered by such  Financial  Statement.  If such  certificate
discloses that a representation  or warranty is not correct or complete,  that a
covenant  has not been  complied  with,  or that an Event of  Default  exists or
existed,  such certificate shall set forth the action, if any, that Borrower has
taken or proposes to take with respect thereto;

     (d) Notice Of Limitation  On  Repatriation  Of Cash Profits.  Within thirty
(30) days after  obtaining  knowledge  of any change in law which would limit or
otherwise  restrict the repatriation by Borrower of Cash from profits  generated
by its foreign Subsidiaries, written notice of such change in law; and

     (e) Other Information.  Such other financial  statements and information as
Bank may reasonably request from time to time.

     6.5 Leverage Ratio. Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall maintain a Leverage
Ratio of not greater than 2.0 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter.

     6.6 Fixed  Charge  Coverage  Ratio.  Borrower  and its  Subsidiaries  shall
maintain a Fixed  Charge  Coverage  Ratio of not less than 1.35 to 1.0 as of the
last day of each fiscal quarter.

       6.7 Current Ratio. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Foreign
Subsidiaries) shall maintain a Current Ratio of not less than 1.15 to 1.0 as of
the last day of each fiscal quarter.

     6.8 Net Profit After Taxes. Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall achieve Net
Profit After Taxes of not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars for each
fiscal quarter.

     6.9  Insurance.  Each of  Borrower  and  Guarantor  shall  keep  all of its
insurable  property,  whether  real,  personal  or  mixed,  insured  by good and
responsible  companies  selected by Borrower or  Guarantor  and approved by Bank
against  fire and  such  other  risks  as are  customarily  insured  against  by
companies  conducting similar business with respect to like properties.  Each of
Borrower  and  Guarantor  shall  furnish to Bank a  statement  of its  insurance
coverage, shall promptly furnish other or additional insurance deemed reasonably
necessary  by and upon the  reasonable  request of Bank to the extent  that such
insurance  may be  available  and hereby  assigns to Bank,  as security  for the
payment of its  Obligations,  the proceeds of any such  insurance.  Bank will be
named loss payee on all policies  insuring the Collateral.  Each of Borrower and
Guarantor will maintain  adequate worker's  compensation  insurance and adequate
insurance against liability for damage to persons or property. Each policy shall
require ten (10) days' written  notice to Bank before such policy may be altered
or cancelled.

     6.10 Bank Expenses. Borrower shall pay or reimburse Bank for all Bank
Expenses as and when such Bank Expenses become due.

     6.11 Brokerage Fees.  Neither  Borrower nor any of its  Subsidiaries  shall
pay, directly or indirectly,  any fee, commission or compensation of any kind to
any Person for any services in connection with this Agreement.

     6.12 Notice of Default.  Borrower  shall give prompt written notice to Bank
of any Event of Default under this  Agreement and of any default under any other
Loan  Document,  and shall give prompt  written  notice to Bank of any change in
management,  change  in name,  liquidation  and of any  other  matter  which has
resulted  in, or might  result in, a material  adverse  change in the  business,
operations, assets, prospects, earnings or condition (financial or otherwise) of
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

     6.13 Execution of Other Documents. Borrower shall promptly, and shall cause
each of its  Subsidiaries  to  promptly,  upon demand by Bank,  execute all such
additional agreements,  contracts,  documents and instruments in connection with
this  Agreement  as Bank may  reasonably  request  in order to effect  fully the
purposes hereof.

     6.14 Reports Under Pension  Plans.  Borrower shall furnish to Bank, as soon
as possible and in any event within  fifteen (15) days after  Borrower  knows or
has reason to know that any event or condition  described in Section 5.10 hereof
has occurred,  a statement of a responsible  officer of Borrower describing such
event or condition and the action,  if any, which Borrower proposes to take with
respect thereto.

SECTION 7.  NEGATIVE COVENANTS

     Borrower  covenants and agrees that, so long as this Agreement  shall be in
effect  and  until  payment  in  full  of all  Obligations,  including,  without
limitation,  any accrued and unpaid interest thereon,  and any other amounts due
hereunder,  Borrower  shall  perform  each  and all of the  following  covenants
applicable to it:

     7.1 Liens.  Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or permit to exist, or
permit  any of its  Subsidiaries  to create,  incur,  assume or permit to exist,
directly  or  indirectly,  any Lien on or with  respect to any of its  property,
whether real, personal or mixed, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or
upon the income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens.

     7.2   Dispositions.   Borrower  shall  not  make,  or  permit  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  to make,  any  Disposition  of its property,  whether now owned or
hereafter  acquired,  except  (a) a  Disposition  by  Borrower  to  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  and (b) a Disposition for which the Net Cash Sales Proceeds,  when
added to the aggregate Net Cash Sales Proceeds of all  Dispositions  made during
the  term of  this  Agreement,  do not  exceed  Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars
($500,000).

     7.3 Indebtedness. Borrower shall not create, incur or assume, or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to create,  incur or assume,  any  Indebtedness,  other than
Permitted Indebtedness.

     7.4 Guaranty  Obligations.  Borrower shall not create,  incur or assume, or
permit  any of its  Subsidiaries  to  create,  incur  or  assume,  any  Guaranty
Obligations,  other than Permitted  Guaranty  Obligations.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing  sentence,  Borrower  may  execute a guaranty of the  indebtedness  of
Diodes Taiwan, in an amount not exceeding Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).

     7.5 Liquidation or Merger. Without the prior written consent of Bank, which
consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld,  Borrower shall not, and shall not
permit  any of its  Subsidiaries  to,  liquidate,  dissolve  or  enter  into any
consolidation,  merger,  partnership or other combination,  or purchase or lease
all or the greater part of the assets or business of another Person.

     7.6 Loans and Advances.  Without the prior written  consent of Bank,  which
consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld,  Borrower shall not make, or permit
any of its  Subsidiaries  to make,  any loans or  advances or  otherwise  extend
credit to any other Person,  except that Borrower may extend trade credit in the
ordinary course of business as currently conducted to any of its Subsidiaries.

     7.7 Investments.  Borrower shall not purchase the debt or equity of another
Person except (a) for savings  accounts and  certificates of deposit of Bank and
(b)  direct  U.S.   Government   obligations  and  commercial  paper  issued  by
corporations  with the top  ratings of Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc. or the
Standard & Poor's Ratings Division of McGraw-Hill,  Inc., provided that all such
permitted investments shall mature within one (1) year of purchase.

     7.8 Payment of Dividends. Except for dividends paid by foreign Subsidiaries
of Borrower to Borrower, Borrower shall not declare or pay, or permit any of its
Subsidiaries to declare or pay, directly or indirectly,  any dividends, in cash,
return of capital or any other form  (other  than  dividends  payable in its own
common stock),  or authorize or make any other  distribution with respect to any
of its stock now or hereafter outstanding.

     7.9 Retirement of Stock. Borrower shall not redeem or retire, or permit any
of its Subsidiaries to redeem or retire, any share of its capital stock.

     7.10 Capital  Expenditures.  Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not in any
fiscal  year  make or incur  any  Capital  Expenditure  if after  giving  effect
thereto,  the aggregate  amount of all Capital  Expenditures by Borrower and its
Subsidiaries   in  such  fiscal  year  would  exceed  Sixteen   Million  Dollars
($16,000,000).

     7.11  Transactions   with  Affiliates.   Borrower  shall  not  directly  or
indirectly  enter into or permit to exist any  transaction  (including,  without
limitation,  the  purchase,  sale,  lease or  exchange  of any  property  or the
rendering  of any service)  with any holder of ten percent  (10%) or more of any
class of equity  securities  of  Borrower or with any  Affiliate  of Borrower on
terms that are less favorable to Borrower or its Affiliates, as the case may be,
than those terms which  might be  obtained  at the time from third  parties,  or
otherwise not obtained through good faith  negotiation on an arm's length basis.
Nothing  contained  in this  Section  7.11 shall be deemed to prohibit or in any
manner restrict Borrower from consummating the Stock Purchase in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement.

     7.12 Operating Lease  Obligations.  Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not
permit their lease  payments,  as lessees,  under existing and future  operating
leases to exceed Five Million  Dollars  ($5,000,000) in the aggregate in any one
fiscal  year.  Each of such  operating  leases  shall  be of  equipment  or real
property needed by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
its business.

SECTION 8.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     8.1 Events of Default.  The  occurrence of any one or more of the following
events, acts or occurrences shall constitute an event of default  (collectively,
"Events of Default" and individually, an "Event of Default") hereunder:

     (a)  Failure  to Make  Payments  When Due.  Borrower  shall fail to pay any
amount owing under this  Agreement or under any other Loan  Document  (including
principal, interest, fees and Bank Expenses) when such amount is due, whether at
stated  maturity,   as  a  result  of  any  mandatory  repayment  or  prepayment
requirement, by acceleration, by notice of prepayment or otherwise; or

     (b) Breach of  Representation or Warranty.  Any  representation or warranty
made by Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  under this  Agreement or any other
Loan Document,  or in any certificate or financial or other statement heretofore
or hereafter  furnished by Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries,  shall prove to
have been false,  incorrect or  incomplete  in any  material  respect when made,
effective or reaffirmed, as the case may be; or

     (c) Violation of Covenants.  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail
or neglect to perform, keep or observe any term, provision, condition, covenant,
agreement,  warranty or representation  contained in this Agreement or any other
Loan Document,  and such failure shall not be cured within any applicable  grace
period provided for therein; or

     (d) Insolvency Proceeding. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall become
insolvent or shall fail generally to pay its  Indebtedness as such  Indebtedness
becomes  due;  or an  Insolvency  Proceeding  shall be  commenced  by or against
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and, in the case of an involuntary  petition
against  Borrower  or  any of  its  Subsidiaries,  such  petition  shall  not be
dismissed or discharged within ninety (90) days of commencement; or

     (e) Dissolution or Liquidation.  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries  shall
voluntarily dissolve,  liquidate or suspend its business in whole or in part; or
there  shall  be  commenced  against  Borrower  or any of its  Subsidiaries  any
proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of Borrower or such Subsidiary and
such proceeding  shall not be dismissed or discharged  within sixty (60) days of
commencement; or

     (f)  Appointment  of Receiver.  Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall
apply for or consent to the  appointment,  or commence  any  proceeding  for the
appointment,  of a receiver,  trustee,  custodian or similar official for all or
substantially  all of its property;  or any proceeding for the  appointment of a
receiver, trustee, custodian or similar official for all or substantially all of
the property of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries  shall be commenced  against
Borrower or such  Subsidiary  and shall not be  dismissed or  discharged  within
sixty (60) days of commencement; or

     (g) Judgments and Attachments.  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective properties shall suffer any money judgment, writ, warrant of
attachment or similar  process  involving the payment of money in excess of Five
Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($500,000)  and  such  judgment,  writ,  warrant  of
attachment or similar  process shall remain  undischarged in accordance with its
terms  and  the  enforcement  thereof  shall  be  unstayed  and  either  (i)  an
enforcement  proceeding shall have been commenced and be pending by any creditor
thereon  or (ii)  there  shall  have  been a period  of sixty  (60)  consecutive
calendar days during which stays of such judgment,  writ,  warrant of attachment
or similar  process,  by reason of pending  appeals  or  otherwise,  were not in
effect; or

     (h) Failure to Comply.  Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall fail to
comply with any order, non-monetary judgment, injunction, decree, writ or demand
of any court or other public authority,  and such order,  non-monetary judgment,
injunction,  decree, writ or demand shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for
a period of thirty (30) days without  being  vacated,  discharged,  satisfied or
stayed or bonded pending appeal; or

     (i) Notice Regarding  Taxes. A notice of levy,  notice to withhold or other
legal process for taxes (other than  property  taxes) shall be filed or recorded
against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or against the property of Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries,  and such notice or other legal process shall not be
released,  stayed, vacated, bonded or otherwise dismissed within sixty (60) days
after the date of its filing or recording; or

     (j) Borrower  Change of Control.  Subordinating  Creditor shall at any time
cease to be the  owner of at  least  twenty  percent  (20%)  of the  issued  and
outstanding common stock of Borrower; or

     (k) Breach of Any Loan  Document.  Any Loan  Document  shall be breached or
become  ineffective,  or Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall  disavow or
attempt to revoke or terminate any Loan Document to which it is a party; or

     (l) Default  Under Other  Agreements.  Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries
shall (i) fail under any agreement, document or instrument to pay the principal,
or any principal installment, of any present or future Indebtedness for borrowed
money of Five Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($500,000) or more, or any guaranty of
present or future  Indebtedness  for  borrowed  money of Five  Hundred  Thousand
Dollars  ($500,000)  or more,  when due (or  within any  stated  grace  period),
whether  at the  stated  maturity,  upon  acceleration,  by reason  of  required
prepayment  or  otherwise  or (ii) fail to perform or  observe  any other  term,
covenant or other  provision of any  agreement,  document or instrument  binding
upon Borrower or such Subsidiary if, as a result of such failure, any Person has
the right to accelerate the  indebtedness  of Borrower or such  Subsidiary in an
amount  in excess of Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($500,000)  or  otherwise
require the  payment of any amount in excess of Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars
($500,000) to be paid prior to the date when such amount would otherwise  become
due; or

     (m)  Insecurity.  A material  deterioration  in the financial  condition of
Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall occur which  results in Bank deeming
itself, in good faith, insecure.

     8.2 Remedies. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, unless such Event
of Default shall have been  remedied or waived in writing by Bank,  Bank may, at
its option,  without presentment,  demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby expressly  waived,  do one or more of the following at any time
or times and in any  order:  (a) reduce the amount of or refuse to make any Loan
under this Agreement; (b) declare any and all Obligations outstanding under this
Agreement to be immediately due and payable,  notwithstanding anything contained
herein or in any Note or other Loan Document to the contrary (provided, however,
that upon the  occurrence of any Event of Default  described in Section  8.1(d),
(e) or (f) hereof, all Obligations shall automatically  become due and payable);
and (c) enforce  payment of all Obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and
the other Loan  Documents.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained
herein,  Bank shall have no obligation  to make any Loan to Borrower  during any
cure period provided for in Section 8.1 hereof.

SECTION 9.  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     9.1  Additional  Remedies.  The rights,  powers and remedies  given to Bank
hereunder  shall be cumulative and not  alternative  and shall be in addition to
all rights,  powers and  remedies  given to Bank by law against  Borrower or any
other  Person,  including but not limited to Bank's rights of setoff or banker's
lien.

     9.2  Nonwaiver.  Any  forbearance or failure or delay by Bank in exercising
any right,  power or remedy  hereunder  shall not be deemed a waiver thereof and
any single or partial exercise of any right,  power or remedy shall not preclude
the further  exercise  thereof.  No waiver  shall be  effective  unless it is in
writing and signed by an officer of Bank.

     9.3 Inurement. The benefits of this Agreement shall inure to the successors
and  assigns of Bank and the  permitted  successors  and  assigns  of  Borrower.
Borrower shall not assign any of its rights or obligations  under this Agreement
to any Person without Bank's prior written consent, and any assignment attempted
without Bank's prior written consent shall be void.

     9.4  Applicable  Law;  Jurisdiction.  This  Agreement  and all  other  Loan
Documents  shall be governed and  construed in  accordance  with the laws of the
State of California.  Borrower and Bank hereby submit to the jurisdiction of any
court  having  jurisdiction  in the matter in  accordance  with the  Alternative
Dispute Resolution Agreement executed by and between Borrower and Bank.

     9.5  Severability.  Should any one or more  provisions of this Agreement be
determined to be illegal or  unenforceable,  all other  provisions  nevertheless
shall be effective.

     9.6  Integration  Clause.  Except  for the other  Loan  Documents  to which
Borrower is a party,  this Agreement  constitutes the entire  agreement  between
Bank and  Borrower,  and all prior  communications,  whether  verbal or written,
between Borrower and Bank shall be of no further effect or evidentiary value.

     9.7  Construction.  The  Section  and  subsection  headings  herein are for
convenience  of  reference  only and  shall not limit or  otherwise  affect  the
meaning hereof.

     9.8 Amendments. This Agreement may be amended only in writing signed by all
parties hereto.

     9.9  Documentation.  All  documentation  evidencing  or  pertaining  to the
Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be on Bank's
standard  forms or  otherwise  in form and content  acceptable  to Bank.  To the
extent that the terms or conditions of this Agreement are inconsistent  with the
terms or  conditions  of such  documentation,  the terms and  conditions of this
Agreement shall prevail.

     9.10  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts
as may be deemed necessary or convenient, and by the different parties hereto on
separate  counterparts  each of  which,  when so  executed,  shall be  deemed an
original  but all  such  counterparts  shall  constitute  but  one and the  same
agreement.  This Agreement  shall become  effective upon the receipt by Bank and
Borrower of executed counterparts signed by each of them.

     9.11 Setoff.  Borrower hereby  acknowledges and specifically  grants Bank a
security  interest in,  banker's lien upon,  and right of recoupment  and setoff
respecting  any and all deposit or other  accounts  maintained  by Borrower with
Bank,  whether held in a general or special account or deposited for safekeeping
or otherwise,  and  regardless of how such account may be titled,  and any other
property of Borrower  held in the  possession  or custody of Bank or its agents.
Borrower  further  acknowledges  that the  exercise  of  setoff,  if any,  shall
require,  and only be deemed to occur upon, the affirmative action of Bank. Bank
agrees to  notify  Borrower  promptly  after any such  setoff  and  application;
provided,  however,  that the failure to give such  notice  shall not affect the
validity of such setoff and application.

SECTION 10.  NOTICES

     10.1  Notices.  Any notice or other  communication  provided for or allowed
hereunder   shall  be  considered  to  have  been  validly  given  if  delivered
personally,  and  evidenced  by a  receipt  signed  by an  authorized  agent  or
addressee,  or 72  hours  after  being  deposited  in the  United  States  mail,
registered or certified,  postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or 48 hours
after being sent by Federal Express or other courier service, or, in the case of
telecopied  notice,  when  telecopied,  receipt  acknowledged,  and addressed as
provided below.

If to Borrower:                Diodes Incorporated
                               3050 East Hillcrest Drive
                               Westlake Village, California 91362-3154
                               Attention: Carl Wertz
                               Chief Financial Officer

                               Telephone No.: (805) 446-4800
                               Facsimile No.: (805) 381-3825

With a copy to:                Rosenthal & Smith
                               6345 Balboa Boulevard, Building 2, Suite 330
                               Encino, California 91316
                               Attention: Jerome B. Smith, Esq.

                               Telephone No.: (818) 344-9900
                               Facsimile No.: (818) 344-9986


If to Bank:                    Union Bank of California, N.A.
             Commercial Banking Group--Greater Los Angeles Division
                               445 South Figueroa Street, 10th Floor
                               Los Angeles, California 90071
                               Attention: John C. Kase
                               Vice President

                               Telephone No.: (213) 236-7329
                               Facsimile No.: (213) 236-7635

     10.2 Change of Address. The addresses to which notices or demands are to be
given may be changed from time to time by notice served as provided above.







     THIS AGREEMENT is duly executed on behalf of the parties hereto as of the
date first above written.

"Borrower"

DIODES INCORPORATED

By: /s/ Carl Wertz
              Carl Wertz
              Chief Financial Officer


"Bank"

UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A.

By: /s/ John C. Kase
              John C. Kase
              Vice President





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
