<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex1075.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MADOW EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.75

                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Executive Employment Agreement ("Executive  Agreement") is made and entered
into as of the 1st day of January,  2003 by and between  Four  Queens,  Inc.,  a
Nevada   corporation  and  wholly-owned   subsidiary  of  Elsinore   Corporation
("Elsinore"),  with its principal  offices  located at 202 Fremont  Street,  Las
Vegas,  Nevada 89101 (hereinafter  referred to as the "COMPANY"),  and Philip W.
Madow (hereinafter referred to as "EXECUTIVE").

WHEREAS,  EXECUTIVE possesses  considerable  knowledge and expertise relating to
the management of gaming properties and hotels and casinos; and

WHEREAS,  the COMPANY desires to avail itself of such knowledge and expertise by
employing  EXECUTIVE,  and EXECUTIVE  desires to accept such employment with the
COMPANY,  under the terms and  conditions  hereinafter  stated in this Executive
Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of EXECUTIVE'S employment with the COMPANY, the
mutual  covenants and obligations  hereinafter set forth, and for other good and
valuable  consideration,  the receipt and value of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

SECTION 1.        Term of Executive Agreement
EXECUTIVE'S employment with the COMPANY under this Executive Agreement commenced
on January 1, 2003 (the "Commencement  Date") and shall continue until the close
of business on December  31, 2003 (the  "Expiration  Date"),  unless  terminated
earlier as provided anywhere else in this Executive Agreement.  The Term of this
Executive   Agreement  may  be  renewed  or  extended  by  the  COMPANY's   sole
shareholder,  Elsinore,  and its Board of  Directors,  in its sole and  absolute
discretion.  "Term" is defined in this  Executive  Agreement to mean the current
one (1) year term of EXECUTIVE's employment pursuant to this Executive Agreement
commencing on the Commencement  Date and ending on the Expiration Date,  subject
to prior  termination  as provided  herein and  subject to any  renewal  term of
employment timely approved by Elsinore's Board of Directors. If Elsinore's Board
of Directors  fails to renew or extend the Term and this Executive  Agreement by
written addendum hereto before the Expiration Date, or if EXECUTIVE's employment
with the COMPANY is not  terminated by written  notice from the COMPANY prior to
or effective as of the Expiration  Date,  which notice is delivered prior to the
Expiration  Date,  then  EXECUTIVE  thereafter  will be deemed to be an  at-will
employee pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada,  subject,  in any case, to
Section  5.3  below.  This  means  EXECUTIVE  may  quit or  resign  at any  time
thereafter, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, and the COMPANY
may  terminate  EXECUTIVE  at any time,  for any  reason or no  reason,  with or
without notice. As an at-will employee,  there is no promise by the COMPANY that
employment  will  continue for any set period of time and there is no promise by
either  EXECUTIVE or the COMPANY that  employment  will be terminated only under
particular circumstances. Any exception to this policy of employment-at-will may
only be made in writing  signed by the  Chairman  of the Board of  Elsinore.  In
particular,  this policy is not modified by any statements,  express or implied,
contained in any employment handbook, application, memoranda, policy, procedure,
or other  materials or statements  provided to EXECUTIVE in connection  with his
employment.

SECTION 2.        Duties of Employee
2.1 Throughout the term of this Executive Agreement, EXECUTIVE shall be employed
as President and General  Manager for the Four Queens Hotel & Casino.  EXECUTIVE
agrees to devote his full time efforts to his position with the COMPANY.

2.2  EXECUTIVE  agrees to observe and comply with the rules and  regulations  as
adopted by the COMPANY,  either orally or in writing,  regarding  performance of
his duties.  The COMPANY  shall have the power to direct,  control and supervise
the manner of and the time in which  EXECUTIVE  shall perform his duties for the
COMPANY.

2.3 EXECUTIVE agrees that he will, at all times faithfully and industriously and
to the best of his ability,  experience  and talents,  perform all of the duties
that may be  required  under this  Executive  Agreement.  Such  duties  shall be
rendered primarily at the office of the COMPANY in Las Vegas,  Nevada;  although
EXECUTIVE  may be required to travel at the sole  expense of the COMPANY to such
places as may be required to conduct business on behalf of the COMPANY. However,
such travel must be at reasonable  times, and shall be required in such a way as
not to impose a burden upon EXECUTIVE.

SECTION 3.        Compensation
3.1 Base Salary:  During the term of this Executive  Agreement,  EXECUTIVE shall
receive  from the  COMPANY  an  annual  base  salary of Two  Hundred  Fifty-Five
Thousand  Dollars   ($255,000.00)   ("Base   Salary"),   less  legally  required
deductions, payable in biweekly installments, or at any other intervals mutually
agreed upon in writing by the  parties.  Such Base  Salary  shall be reviewed no
less than annually for increase at the discretion of the COMPANY.

3.2.     Other Compensation:
EXECUTIVE  may  receive,  in addition  to his base  salary,  other  compensation
pursuant to incentive  and/or bonus  programs which the COMPANY may, in its sole
discretion, establish from time to time.

3.3.     Other Benefits.
EXECUTIVE shall be permitted during the Term, if and to the extent eligible,  to
participate in any group life,  hospitalization  or disability  insurance  plan,
health program (collectively "Health Benefits"),  deferred compensation plan, or
pension  plan or similar  benefit  plan of the  COMPANY,  which may be available
generally to other senior executives and managers of the COMPANY.

3.4      Business and Travel Expenses:
Subject to such policies applicable to senior executives generally,  as may from
time to time be established by the Board of Directors,  the COMPANY shall pay or
reimburse the EXECUTIVE for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by
the EXECUTIVE  during the Term in the performance of EXECUTIVE'S  services under
the Agreement, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other
supporting information as it may require.

3.5      Vacation:
The EXECUTIVE shall be entitled to four weeks of vacation per each  twelve-month
period following the EXECUTIVE'S  anniversary date. The EXECUTIVE will accrue at
a rate of 1 2/3 day per month. The EXECUTIVE may carry forward up to one week of
unused  vacation  accrued in the  twelve-month  period to the next  twelve-month
period,  unless  otherwise  approved  in  writing  by  the  COMPANY's  Board  of
Directors.

SECTION 4:        Illness or Disability of Employee
If during the Term,  the  EXECUTIVE  becomes  physically  or mentally  disabled,
whether totally or partially,  so that the EXECUTIVE is unable to  substantially
perform his services  thereunder for (a) a period of three consecutive months or
(b) for shorter periods  aggregating 100 days during any twelve month period the
COMPANY  may at any time after the last day of the three  consecutive  months of
disability  or the day on which  the  shorter  periods  of  disability  equal an
aggregate of 100 days, by written notice to the EXECUTIVE, terminate the Term of
the EXECUTIVE'S employment thereunder.

SECTION 5:        Termination of Executive Agreement
This Executive  Agreement may be terminated before the expiration of the Term as
set forth in Section 1 of this Executive Agreement as follows:

5.1      Termination Without Cause:
a)   EXECUTIVE may terminate this Executive  Agreement at any time without cause
     by giving the COMPANY two weeks written  notice of such  termination.  Upon
     such  termination,  the COMPANY  shall have no further  obligations  to the
     EXECUTIVE;  provided  however,  that if the  EXECUTIVE  provides  two weeks
     written  notice,  the EXECUTIVE shall be entitled to payment for any earned
     and accrued but unused vacation.

b)   The COMPANY may  terminate  this  Executive  Agreement  at any time without
     cause by giving the EXECUTIVE written notice. If the COMPANY terminates the
     EXECUTIVE'S  employment without cause,  COMPANY shall pay EXECUTIVE one (1)
     year salary, less standard withholdings and deductions, payable in biweekly
     installments.  COMPANY shall also pay for EXECUTIVE's  COBRA benefits for a
     period of one (1) year. The EXECUTIVE  shall receive payment for any earned
     and  accrued  but  unused  vacation  up  through  the  date  of  notice  of
     termination.

5.2      Termination For Cause:
The  COMPANY  may,  at any time  during  the Term,  immediately  terminate  this
Executive  Agreement  and all of its  obligations  hereunder for cause by giving
EXECUTIVE written notice of the termination. The term "for cause" shall mean any
one or more of the following:  (i) EXECUTIVE'S material breach of this Executive
Agreement;  (ii) EXECUTIVE'S negligent or willful  misperformance of his duties;
(iii)  EXECUTIVE'S  conviction  of a felony or any other crime  involving  moral
turpitude or  dishonesty  which,  in the good faith opinion of the COMPANY would
impair EXECUTIVE'S  ability to perform his duties or harm the COMPANY'S business
reputation;  (iv)  EXECUTIVE'S  failure or refusal  to comply  with the  COMPANY
policies,  standards or regulations;  (v) EXECUTIVE'S unauthorized disclosure of
the COMPANY'S or Elsinore's  trade secrets  and/or other  confidential  business
information.  (vi) EXECUTIVE'S  failure to obtain or maintain any gaming license
or approval  from the Nevada  Gaming  Control  Board or any other  licensing  or
regulatory  agency necessary for EXECUTIVE to perform her duties and obligations
under this  Executive  Agreement.  The COMPANY,  in its sole  discretion,  shall
decide whether the "for cause" definition has been satisfied.

5.3      Termination by Non-Renewal of Executive Agreement
In the event this  Executive  Agreement  expires at the end of the Term  without
renewal by  Elsinore's  Board of Directors  and  EXECUTIVE is not  terminated by
written notice from Elsinore's  Board of Directors prior thereto or effective as
of the  Expiration  Date,  such that  EXECUTIVE  continues to be employed by the
COMPANY as an at-will employee  pursuant to Section 1 above, and if EXECUTIVE is
thereafter  terminated,  except for cause,  prior to  December  31st of the next
calendar year  following the calendar year in which the Term expires,  EXECUTIVE
shall be entitled to the Base Salary, less standard withholdings and deductions,
payable in biweekly  installments,  for the remainder of such next calendar year
following  the calendar  year in which the Term  expires.  COMPANY shall pay for
EXECUTIVE's COBRA benefits for that same period. EXECUTIVE shall receive payment
for  any  earned  and  accrued  but  unused  vacation  up  through  the  date of
termination.

5.4      Termination Upon Disability
If this Executive Agreement is terminated as a result of EXECUTIVE's disability,
as  determined  under  Section 4,  COMPANY  will pay  EXECUTIVE  his Base Salary
through the remainder of the Term.

5.5      Termination by Change of Ownership or Control
(a)  In the event of a change in ownership or control of COMPANY as  hereinafter
     defined.  EXECUTIVE  shall have two options:  (1) elect to be employed with
     the entity or person having  acquired such control;  or (2) terminate  this
     Executive  Agreement.  In the event  EXECUTIVE  accepts the second  option,
     EXECUTIVE  shall be entitled to one (1) year's Base Salary,  less  standard
     withholdings  and  deductions,  payable in biweekly  installments.  COMPANY
     shall also pay for EXECUTIVE'S COBRA benefits for a period of one (1) year.
     EXECUTIVE must exercise either of the two foregoing options by the time the
     change in control or ownership becomes effective.

     For purposes of this  Agreement,  a "Change of Ownership or Control"  shall
     mean the following:  all or substantially  all of the assets of the COMPANY
     are  directly  or  through  transfer  of equity  interests  transferred  or
     otherwise  disposed  of in one or a series of  related  transactions  after
     which (1) the COMPANY  ceases to own directly or  indirectly  substantially
     all equity  interests of in Four Queens  Hotel and Casino;  or (2) Elsinore
     ceases to own directly or  indirectly at least  fifty-one  percent (51%) of
     all outstanding shares of COMPANY. For purposes of the Executive Agreement,
     the parties  understand and agree that any transfer of ownership between or
     among funds managed by Morgens,  Waterfall,  Vintiadis & the COMPANY,  Inc.
     shall not constitute a "Change of Ownership or Control."

(b)  If as a result of a change  of  ownership  or  control,  EXECUTIVE  elected
     option  (1),  above,  with a  successor  owner  and  such  successor  owner
     restructures  EXECUTIVE'S  position  within  said  term  of  the  Executive
     Agreement  such that  EXECUTIVE is demoted,  his job  responsibilities  and
     duties are materially diminished, or his base salary and other benefits are
     materially  reduced,  and, as a result thereof,  EXECUTIVE  resigns at such
     time,  the  successor  owner  shall pay to  EXECUTIVE  one (1) year's  Base
     Salary,  less standard  withholdings  and  deductions,  payable in biweekly
     installments.  COMPANY shall also pay for EXECUTIVE'S  COBRA benefits for a
     period of one (1) year.

5.6  Termination  by Death:
If EXECUTIVE dies during the Term, this Executive  Agreement shall terminate and
the COMPANY shall have no further obligations under this Executive Agreement.

SECTION 6.        Records Of The COMPANY
EXECUTIVE  acknowledges and agrees that all books, records,  reports,  accounts,
documents  or  other  information  of any kind  relating  in any  manner  to the
COMPANY'S  business or to any clients,  customers,  suppliers,  distributors  or
third parties doing business with the COMPANY,  whether  prepared or paid for by
EXECUTIVE  or  otherwise,  coming  into  EXECUTIVE'S  possession,  shall  be the
exclusive  property  of the COMPANY  and shall be  returned  immediately  to the
COMPANY upon  termination  of  employment  for any reason,  or at the  COMPANY'S
request at any time.

SECTION 7.        Notice
Any notices  hereunder  shall be in writing and shall be effective upon personal
delivery  or five  (5)  days  after  deposit  in the U.S.  mail,  registered  or
certified,  return receipt requested,  postage prepaid, addressed to the parties
at the following  addresses or to such other address(es) as the party to receive
such notice shall designate in writing:

                  If to EXECUTIVE:     PHILIP W. MADOW
                                       Last known address on file with COMPANY



                  If to the COMPANY:   ELSINORE CORPORATION
                                       Attn: Chairman of the Board
                                       202 Fremont Street
                                       Las Vegas, NV 89101


SECTION 8.        Governing Law
This Executive  Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under, and construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada,  without regard
to its principles of conflicts of laws. The exclusive forum for  adjudication of
any matter pertaining to this Executive Agreement shall be the federal and state
courts located in Clark County, Nevada.

SECTION 9.        Severability
If any clause or provision of this  Executive  Agreement is adjudged  invalid or
unenforceable  by any court of  competent  jurisdiction  or by  operation of any
applicable  law,  it shall  not  affect  the  validity  of any  other  clause or
provision,  which shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent
jurisdiction finds that any Sections of this Executive Agreement or any portions
thereof are invalid or unenforceable,  the court may modify the Sections, or any
portion thereof, to make them enforceable.

SECTION 10.       Assignment
The parties  agree that in the event of a change of  ownership  or control,  the
COMPANY may assign this  Executive  Agreement to the person or entity  acquiring
ownership or control should  EXECUTIVE elect the first option under section 5.5.
EXECUTIVE  acknowledges  and agrees that the duties and obligations of EXECUTIVE
under this Executive  Agreement are personal and are not assignable or delegable
by the EXECUTIVE.

SECTION 11.       Attorneys' Fees
In the event any lawsuit is commenced in relation to this  Executive  Agreement,
each party to the action shall pay its own attorneys' fees and costs of suit.

SECTION 12.       Confidentiality
The existence of this  Executive  Agreement and its terms are  confidential  and
shall not be disclosed  by  EXECUTIVE or the COMPANY,  except as may be required
pursuant  to a  Change  in  Ownership  or  Control,  by  law or to  enforce  the
provisions hereof.

SECTION 13.       Waiver
No course of dealing or delay  between the parties  shall operate as a waiver of
the rights of any party to this Executive Agreement.  No default,  covenant,  or
condition of this Executive Agreement may be waived other than in writing.

SECTION 14.       Captions and Headings
The Captions and Headings in this  Executive  Agreement  are inserted  only as a
matter of convenience and for reference, and in no way define, limit or describe
the scope of this Executive Agreement or the intent of any provision herein.

SECTION 15.       Miscellaneous
All  references to payment or sums of money in this  Executive  Agreement  shall
mean United States currency only.

SECTION 16.       Entire Executive Agreement
The parties acknowledge and agree that this Executive Agreement  constitutes the
entire  understanding and agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior Executive Agreements, both oral and written. It
is also  understood  and agreed by both parties that the terms and provisions of
this Executive Agreement are contractual and not merely recital.  Both EXECUTIVE
and the COMPANY  further  understand  and agree that unless reduced to a writing
and  signed  by  both  parties,  no  amendments,  revisions,   modifications  or
extensions to this Executive  Agreement will be binding and/or  enforceable upon
either party.

SECTION 17.        Warranty
The Officer of the COMPANY signing this Executive  Agreement warrants that he/he
is authorized and has the power and authority to sign this  Executive  Agreement
on behalf of the COMPANY.

         DATED this 26 day of December, 2002.

ELSINORE CORPORATION                                EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEE:


By:      /s/S. Barton Jacka                         /s/Philip W. Madow
         S. Barton Jacka                            Philip W. Madow
Its:     Secretary/Treasurer









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
