<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>a438939-b.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10B
<TEXT>
03/08/01

                                Eaton Corporation
                         2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                   Item 15 (c)
                                 Exhibit 10 (b)


                                EATON CORPORATION

                      EXECUTIVE STRATEGIC INCENTIVE PLAN I



                      (Effective as of January 1, 1991 and

            Amended and Restated as of June 21, 1994, July 25, 1995,
               April 21, 1998, April 1, 1999, and January 1, 2001)

<PAGE>
















                                       2
<PAGE>





















<PAGE>




                                EATON CORPORATION

                      EXECUTIVE STRATEGIC INCENTIVE PLAN I



1.       PURPOSE

         The purpose of the Executive Strategic Incentive Plan I (the "Plan") is
         to promote the growth and profitability of Eaton Corporation (the
         "Company") through the granting of incentives intended to motivate
         executives of the Company to achieve demanding long-term corporate
         objectives and to attract and retain executives of outstanding ability.

2.       ADMINISTRATION

         Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Plan shall be
         administered by the Compensation and Organization Committee (the
         "Committee") of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") which
         shall consist of at least three directors of the Company selected by
         the Board.

         Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Committee shall have
         complete authority to: (i) interpret all provisions of the Plan
         consistent with law; (ii) designate the executives to participate under
         the Plan; (iii) determine the incentive targets and performance
         objectives applicable to participants; (iv) adopt, amend and rescind
         general and special rules and regulations for the Plan's
         administration; and (v) make all other determinations necessary or
         advisable for the administration of the Plan.

3.       ELIGIBILITY

         Any executive of the Company designated by the Committee in its sole
         discretion shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.

4.       INCENTIVE TARGETS


                                       3
<PAGE>

         (A) Establishment of Incentive Amounts and Conversion to Phantom Common
Share Units

                  Individual Incentive Amounts for each participant with respect
                  to each Plan Award Period (as defined below) shall be
                  determined by the Committee. With respect to Award Periods
                  beginning on or after January 1, 1998, participant incentive
                  targets will be expressed in the form of Phantom Common Share
                  Units which will be determined by the Committee by: (a) first
                  establishing the Individual Incentive Amount in cash for each
                  participant with respect to each Award Period and (b) then
                  dividing such Individual Incentive Amount by the average of
                  the mean prices for the Company's common shares for the first
                  twenty(20) trading days of each Award Period. In all cases,
                  the resulting Phantom Common Share Units shall be rounded up
                  to the nearest 50 whole units. For purposes of the Plan, "mean
                  price" shall be the mean of the highest and lowest selling
                  prices for Company common shares quoted on the New York Stock
                  Exchange List of Composite Transactions on the relevant
                  trading day. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
                  Section 4(A), the Committee may, in its sole discretion, use a
                  different method for establishing incentive targets for
                  participants under the Plan.

         (B)      Award Periods

                  Each Award Period shall be the four-calendar year period
                  commencing as of the first day of the calendar year in which
                  the performance objectives are established for the Award
                  Period as described in Section 4(C). A new Award Period shall
                  commence as of the first day of each calendar year, unless
                  otherwise specified by the Committee.

         (C)      Establishment of Company Performance Objectives

                  As soon as practicable at the beginning of each Award Period,
                  threshold, target, and maximum Company performance objectives
                  for such Award Period shall be established by the Committee.
                  For Award Periods commencing on or after January 1, 1998,



                                       4
<PAGE>

                  unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole
                  discretion, performance objectives will be established using a
                  CFROGC/EPS Growth Performance Matrix which shall use the
                  Company's average cash flow return on gross capital ("CFROGC")
                  for such period along one axis and the Company's cumulative
                  earnings per share ("EPS") for such period along the second
                  axis. Within sixty (60) days after the performance objectives
                  have been established by the Committee, each participant will
                  be provided with written notice of his or her established
                  objectives. In its sole discretion, the Committee may modify
                  previously established performance objectives due to any
                  change in conditions, the occurrence of any events or other
                  factors which make such objectives unsuitable. Notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, after a Change in Control (as hereinafter
                  defined), neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the
                  authority to modify performance objectives in any manner which
                  could prove detrimental to the interests of the Plan's
                  participants.

         (D)      Determination of Payments

                  For each Award Period, payments ranging from 50% to 200% of
                  the Phantom Common Share Units credited under Section 4(A)
                  will be determined by the Committee for the attainment of
                  performance objectives between either threshold and target or
                  target and maximum.

                  For Award Periods beginning on or after January 1, 1998, Final
                  Individual Phantom Common Share Unit Awards shall be
                  determined by the Committee as promptly as practicable after
                  the completion of the Award Period: (a) determining the
                  CFROGC/EPS Growth Matrix Performance Percentage applicable for
                  the Award Period (equal to (i) 50% upon attainment of the
                  threshold performance objective; (ii) 100% upon attainment of
                  the target performance objective; and (iii) 200% upon
                  attainment of the maximum performance; or the applicable
                  percentage for performance between threshold and target or
                  target and maximum); (b) multiplying such percentage by the



                                       5
<PAGE>

                  number of Performance Share Units credited to the participant
                  and (c) further multiplying the result by an Individual
                  Performance Rating which will be a whole percentage between
                  zero and 150% established by the Committee in its sole
                  discretion after considering the recommendations of Company
                  management.

                  The Final Individual Phantom Common Share Unit Award shall be
                  converted to cash at a market value of Company common shares
                  as determined by the Committee based on the average of the
                  mean prices for the Company's common shares for the final
                  twenty (20) trading days of the Award Period), and distributed
                  to the participate within ninety (90) days, unless the
                  participant has made an irrevocable election to defer all or
                  part of the amount of his or her award pursuant to any long
                  term incentive compensation deferral plan adopted by the
                  Committee or the Company.

5.       PRORATA PAYMENTS

         A participant must be employed by the Company or one of its
         subsidiaries at the end of an Award Period in order to be entitled to a
         payment in respect to such Award Period; provided, however, that a
         payment, prorated for the participant's length of service during the
         Award Period, may be authorized by the Committee, in its sole
         discretion, in the event the employment of a participant terminates
         before the end of an Award Period due to death, permanent disability,
         normal or early retirement, closure or divestiture of an Eaton facility
         or any other reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon any
         termination of the Plan by the Committee during the term of any Award
         Period, payments to all participants will be made, prorated for each
         participant's length of service during the Award Period prior to the
         date of Plan termination.

6.       OTHER PROVISIONS

         (A)      Adjustments upon Certain Changes


                                       6
<PAGE>

                  In the event of changes to the structure or corporate
                  organization of the Company's businesses which affect the
                  participants and/or the performance prospects of the Company,
                  the Committee may make appropriate adjustments to individual
                  participant Incentive Targets or to the established
                  performance objectives for incomplete Award Periods.
                  Adjustments under this Section 6 shall be made by the
                  Committee, whose determination as to what adjustments shall be
                  made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and
                  conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after a Change in
                  Control, neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the
                  authority to change established Performance Objectives in any
                  manner which could prove detrimental to the interests of the
                  participant.

         (B)      Change in Control Defined

                  For purposes of the Plan, a Change in Control shall be deemed
to have occurred if:

               (i)         a tender offer shall be made and consummated for the
                           ownership of 25% or more of the outstanding voting
                           securities of the Company,

              (ii)         the Company shall be merged or consolidated with
                           another corporation and as a result of such merger or
                           consolidation less than 75% of the outstanding voting
                           securities of the surviving or resulting corporation
                           shall be owned in the aggregate by the former
                           shareholders of the Company as the same shall have
                           existed immediately prior to such merger or
                           consolidation,

             (iii)         the Company shall sell substantially all of its
                           assets to another corporation which is not a
                           wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,

              (iv)         a "person" within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) or
                           of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                           1934 (as in effect on the effective date of the Plan)
                           shall acquire 25% or more of the outstanding voting



                                       7
<PAGE>

                           securities of the Company (whether directly,
                           indirectly, beneficially or of record). For purposes
                           of the Plan, ownership of voting securities shall
                           take into account and shall include ownership as
                           determined by applying the provisions of Rule
                           13d-3(d)(1)(I) under the Securities Exchange Act of
                           1934 (as in effect on the effective date of the
                           Plan), or

               (v)         during any period of two consecutive years,
                           individuals who at the beginning of such period
                           constitute the Board cease for any reason to
                           constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
                           election, or nomination for election by the Company's
                           shareholders, of each new director was approved by a
                           vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then
                           still in office who were directors at the beginning
                           of the period.

         (C)      Non-Transferability

                  No right to payment under the Plan shall be subject to debts,
                  contract liabilities, engagements or torts of the participant,
                  nor to transfer, anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment,
                  pledge or encumbrance by the participant except by will or the
                  law of descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified
                  domestic relations order.

         (D) Compliance with Law and Approval of Regulatory Bodies

                  No payment shall be made under the Plan except in compliance
                  with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations
                  including, without limitation, compliance with tax
                  requirements.

         (E)      No Right to Employment

                  Neither the adoption of the Plan nor its operation, nor any
                  document describing or referring to the Plan, or any part
                  thereof, shall confer upon any participant under the Plan any
                  right to continue in the employ of the Company or any
                  subsidiary, or shall in any way affect the right and power of



                                       8
<PAGE>

                  the Company or any subsidiary to terminate the employment of
                  any participant under the Plan at any time with or without
                  assigning a reason therefore, to the same extent as the
                  Company might have done if the Plan had not been adopted.

         (F)      Interpretation of the Plan

                  Headings are given to the sections of the Plan solely as a
                  convenience to facilitate reference; such headings, numbering
                  and paragraphing shall not in any case be deemed in any way
                  material or relevant to the construction of the Plan or any
                  provisions thereof. The use of the masculine gender shall also
                  include within its meaning the feminine. The use of the
                  singular shall also include within its meaning the plural and
                  vice versa.

         (G)      Amendment and Termination

                  The Committee may at any time suspend, amend or terminate the
                  Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of a
                  Change in Control, no amendment, suspension or termination of
                  the Plan shall, without the consent of the participant, alter
                  or impair any rights or obligations under the Plan with
                  respect to such participant.

         (H)      Effective Dates of the Plan

                  The Plan was adopted by the Board on April 24, 1991 but the
                  effective date of the Plan shall be January 1, 1991. The Plan
                  was amended and restated as of June 21, 1994, July 25, 1995,
                  April 21, 1998, April 1, 1999 and January 1, 2001 (which
                  includes changes which affect Awards granted on or after
                  January 1, 1998).



                                       9
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
