<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>a4358939-10i.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10I
<TEXT>
                                Eaton Corporation
                         2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                   Item 15 (c)
                                 Exhibit 10 (i)

                              LIMITED EATON SERVICE
                       SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT INCOME PLAN


     Eaton Corporation (the "Company") hereby establishes a Supplemental
Retirement Income Plan (herein referred to as the "Limited Service Plan") for
certain executives of the Company designated by the Board of Directors of the
Company. The Plan was originally effective as of May 1, 1979. This amendment and
restatement of the Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2003.


                                    ARTICLE I
                               PURPOSE OF THE PLAN
                               -------------------

     Upon becoming employed by the Company, certain key executives may have
foregone retirement benefits from their former employer and may not be able to
earn adequate pension benefits from the Company. The Company believes that it is
in the best interest of the Company to be able to attract and retain such
mid-career executives. The purpose of the Limited Service Plan is to provide
each such executive with retirement income in an amount as set forth in the
Agreement (as hereinafter defined) between such executive and the Company, and
thereby provide a total pension benefit that is comparable to the benefit the
executive would have received if he or she had not agreed to the mid-career
change in employment.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ELIGIBILITY
                                   -----------

     All officers of the Company and any other executive of the Company
designated by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") shall be
eligible to participate under the Limited Service Plan (a "Participant"). Each
Participant shall be required to enter into an Agreement with the Company to
evidence that participation.

                                       1
<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE III
                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

     As used in the Plan the following definitions shall apply:

     "Agreement." The written agreement between the Company and Participant
entered into pursuant to the Limited Service Plan and which sets forth the
Supplement payable to the Participant under the plan.

     "Cause." For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have "Cause" to
terminate Participant's employment hereunder upon (i) the willful and continued
failure by Participant to substantially perform Participant's duties with the
Company (other than any such failure resulting from Participant's incapacity due
to physical or mental illness), after a demand for substantial performance is
delivered to Participant by the Board which specifically identifies the manner
in which the Board believes that Participant has not substantially performed
Participant's duties, or (ii) the willful engaging by Participant in gross
misconduct materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. For purposes of
this definition, no act, or failure to act, on Participant's part shall be
considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Participant not in
good faith and without reasonable belief that Participant's action or omission
was in the best interest of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Participant's employment shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause
unless and until there shall have been delivered to Participant a copy of a
resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters
of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held
for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Participant and an opportunity for
Participant, together with Participant's counsel, to be heard before the Board),
finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board Participant was guilty of
conduct set forth above in clauses (i) or (ii) of this definition and specifying
the particulars thereof in detail.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     "Change in Control of the Company." A "Change in Control of the Company"
shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) a tender offer shall be made and
consummated for the ownership of securities of the Company representing 25% or
more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting
securities, (ii) the Company shall be merged or consolidated with another
corporation and as a result of such merger or consolidation less than 75% of the
outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation shall be
owned in the aggregate by the former shareholders of the Company, other than
affiliates (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
"Exchange Act")) of any party to such merger or consolidation, as the same shall
have existed immediately prior to such merger or consolidation, (iii) the
Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another corporation which
is not a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (iv) any "person" (as such term
is used in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then
outstanding securities; or (v) during any period of two (2) consecutive years,
individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the election, or the
nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, of each new director was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office
who were directors at the beginning of the period. For purposes of the Plan,
ownership of voting securities shall take into account and include ownership as
determined by applying the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the Exchange Act
(as then in effect).

                                       3
<PAGE>

     "Committee." The Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board of
Directors of Eaton Corporation.

     "Credited Service." The service credited to a Participant as "Credited
Service" under the Pension Plan.

     "Disability." Any termination of employment which entitles Participant to a
disability benefit under the Pension Plan.

     "Good Reason." Any termination of employment under the following
circumstances shall be for "Good Reason":

     (i) without Participant's express written consent, the assignment to
     Participant of any duties inconsistent with Participant's positions,
     duties, responsibilities and status with the Company immediately prior to a
     Change in Control of the Company, or a change in Participant's reporting
     responsibilities, titles or offices as in effect immediately prior to a
     Change in Control of the Company, or any removal of Participant from or any
     failure to re-elect Participant to any of such positions, except in
     connection with the termination of Participant's employment for Cause,
     Disability or as a result of Participant's death;

     (ii) a reduction by the Company in Participant's base salary as in effect
     immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company or as the same
     may be increased from time to time thereafter; or the failure by the
     Company to increase such base salary each year after a Change in Control of
     the Company by an amount which at least equals, on a percentage basis, the
     average annual percentage merit increase in Participant's base salary
     during the five (5) full calendar years immediately preceding a Change in
     Control of the Company;

                                       4
<PAGE>

     (iii) a failure by the Company to continue Participant's participation in
     the Plan, the Company's Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, Deferred
     Incentive Compensation Plan, Executive Strategic Incentive Plan, Eaton
     Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan, Excess Benefits Plan and Supplemental
     Benefit Plan, as each plan may be modified from time to time but
     substantially in the form presently in effect (collectively, the "Plans"),
     on at least the basis as in effect immediately prior to the Change in
     Control of the Company or to pay Participant any amounts earned under the
     Plans in accordance with the terms of the Plans.

     (iv) the relocation of the Company's principal executive offices to a
     location outside Cuyahoga County, Ohio or any county adjoining Cuyahoga
     County, Ohio, or the Company's requiring Participant to be based anywhere
     other than the Company's principal executive offices or the location where
     Participant is based immediately prior to the Change in Control of the
     Company except for required travel on the Company's business to an extent
     substantially consistent with Participant's business travel obligations in
     effect immediately prior to the Change in Control of the Company, or, in
     the event Participant consents to any such relocation of the Company's
     principal executive offices, the failure by the Company to pay (or
     reimburse Participant for) all reasonable moving expenses incurred by
     Participant relating to a change of Participant's principal residence in
     connection with such relocation and to indemnify Participant against any
     loss (defined as the difference between the actual sale price of such
     residence and the higher of (a) Participant's aggregate investment in such
     residence or (b) the fair market value of such residence as determined by
     any real estate appraiser designated by Participant and reasonably
     satisfactory to the Company) realized in the sale of Participant's
     principal residence in connection with any such change of residence;

                                       5
<PAGE>

     (v) the failure by the Company to continue in effect any benefit or
     compensation plan (including but not limited to the Plans), pension plan,
     life insurance plan, health and accident plan or disability plan in which
     Participant is participating at the time of a Change in Control of the
     Company (or plans providing Participant with substantially similar
     benefits), the taking of any action by the Company which would adversely
     affect Participant's participation in or materially reduce Participant's
     benefits under any of such plans or deprive Participant of any material
     fringe or personal benefit enjoyed by Participant at the time of the Change
     in Control of the Company, or the failure by the Company to provide
     Participant with the number of paid vacation days to which Participant is
     then entitled on the basis of years of service with the Company in
     accordance with the Company's normal vacation policy in effect immediately
     prior to the Change in Control of the Company;

     (vi) the failure of the Company to obtain the agreement by any successor
     (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or
     otherwise) to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, by
     agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Participant, to expressly
     assume this Agreement and the obligations of the Company hereunder; or

     (vii) any purported termination of Participant's employment which is not
     effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of
     a Notice of Termination as herein defined (and, if applicable, the
     definition of "Cause" as herein defined); and for purposes of the Plan, no
     such purported termination shall be effective.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     "Notice of Termination." Any termination of Participant's employment by the
Company for Cause or Disability or by Participant for Good Reason shall be
communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice which
shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of Participant's employment under the provision
so indicated.

     "Pension Plan." The Pension Plan for Eaton Corporation Employees.

     "Supplement." The annual amount of retirement income or the lump sum
payable to Participant in accordance with the provisions of the Limited Service
Plan and the Agreement.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                              PAYMENT OF SUPPLEMENT
                              ---------------------

     Section 4.01. General Obligation. The Company will pay the Supplement to
Participant for life in equal monthly installments, commencing on the first
business day of the month following the month in which Participant retires under
the terms of the Pension Plan after attaining age 55 or on the first business
day of the month following the month in which Participant's employment
terminated due to Disability, unless the Committee in its sole discretion
decides that the Supplement shall be paid in some other form (including, but not
limited to, a lump sum payment). In connection with such determination, the
Committee may take into account the wishes and needs of Participant. If the
Committee decides upon such other form of benefit, the Supplement shall be
actuarially adjusted using the same actuarial factors used under the Pension
Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have no
obligation to pay the Supplement to Participant if Participant terminates
employment with the Company (a) for any reason prior to age 55, or (b) with less
than ten (10) years of Credited Service unless the Participant is age 65 at the
time of termination of employment.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     Section 4.02. Death. If Participant has at least five (5) years of Credit
Service and dies prior to attaining age 65 but after attaining age 55 and while
employed by the Company, the Company will pay a benefit to Participant's
surviving spouse calculated in accordance with the Limited Service Plan and the
Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE V
                            COVENANTS OF PARTICIPANT
                            ------------------------

     By accepting payments hereunder Participant covenants that for a period of
three (3) years after Participant leaves the employment of the Company, he or
she will not engage in any activities which, in the opinion of the Company, are
in competition with the Company or any of its subsidiaries without first
obtaining the written consent of the Company; provided, however, that this
provision shall not apply if, within five (5) years after a Change in Control of
the Company, Participant's employment with the Company is terminated by
Participant for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                                LOSS OF BENEFITS
                                ----------------

     If Participant fails to observe or perform any of the covenants by
Participant contained herein in any material respect, Participant shall forfeit
all rights which he or she may have to any benefits for which provision is made
herein.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII
                           AUTOMATIC LUMP SUM PAYMENT
                           --------------------------

     Section 7.01. Automatic Payment. Except as provided below in this Article
VII, upon the date of a Proposed Change in Control, as defined in Section 7.02
hereof, the Company shall make an immediate Lump Sum Payment, as defined in
Section 7.03 hereof, to each Participant or his or her surviving spouse, as the
case may be. At any time prior to a Proposed Change in Control, the Board may
decide that the Lump Sum Payment shall not be made, upon a Proposed Change in
Control, because any such payment is not then advisable, in the Board's
judgment, in order to protect the benefits of Participants under the Limited
Service Plan. If the Board makes such a decision, it may thereafter (i) take no
further action, in which event the Lump Sum Payments will not be made, (ii)
reconsider such decision and decide at a later date (which may be subsequent to
a Proposed Change in Control) to make Lump Sum Payments, (iii) provide funding
for the Plan benefits by depositing funds in trust for such purpose or (iv) take
no action to protect the Plan benefits.

     Section 7.02. Proposed Change in Control. A Proposed Change in Control
shall mean the first to occur of any of the following events (including the
expiration of the periods specified therein):

          (a) Twenty (20) days after the commencement of a tender offer shall be
     made for the ownership of securities of the Company representing 25% or
     more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting
     securities (unless such tender offer shall have been withdrawn);

                                       9
<PAGE>

          (b) Twenty (20) days after the commencement of solicitation of proxies
     or consents for a merger or consolidation with another corporation and as a
     result of such merger or consolidation less than 75%, in the Company's
     view, of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting
     corporation would be owned in the aggregate by the former shareholders of
     the Company, other than the party and any affiliates (within the meaning of
     the Exchange Act) of any party, to such merger or consolidation, as the
     same shall have existed immediately prior to such merger or consolidation;

          (c) Upon the date that the Company shall have entered into an
     agreement to sell substantially all of its assets to another corporation
     which is not a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

          (d) Within twenty (20) days after any "person" (as such term is used
     in Sections 3(a)(9) and l3(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the
     beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
     representing l5% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then
     outstanding securities; or

          (e) Upon the date that individuals who, at the beginning of any period
     of two consecutive years, constitute the Board, cease for any reason to
     constitute at least 76% thereof, unless the election, or the nomination for
     election by the Company's shareholders, of each new director was approved
     by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who
     were directors at the beginning of the period.

     For purposes of this Section 7.02, ownership of voting securities shall
take into account and include ownership as determined by applying the provisions
of Rule l3d-3(d)(l)(i) of the Exchange Act (as then in effect).

                                       10
<PAGE>

     In exercising its discretion not to make Lump Sum Payments in connection
with any Proposed Change in Control, the Board will take into account whether
such Proposed Change in Control is, in its view, management initiated.

     Section 7.03. Determination of Lump Sum Payment. Lump Sum Payment means an
amount equal to the present value of the total number of annual payments which
otherwise would have been made under the Limited Service Plan based on the
assumption that the Participant's employment with the Company has terminated as
of the date of the Proposed Change in Control and as calculated using the
mortality tables used for the Pension Plan and a rate of interest equal to
"Moody's Corporate Bond Yield Average--Monthly (Average Corporate)" as then most
recently published. In the event the Participant or the Participant's surviving
spouse has begun to receive benefit payments under the Plan prior to the date of
the Proposed Change in Control, the amount of such Lump Sum Payment shall be
equal to the present value of the remaining annual payments which otherwise
would have been made, calculated as described in this Section 7.03.

     Section 7.04. Participation after a Proposed Change in Control. In the
event that the Limited Service Plan is not terminated after a Proposed Change in
Control, any future payment made under the Plan to a Participant who has
received a Lump Sum Payment shall be reduced by taking into account the amount
of such Lump Sum Payment in a manner determined by the Company at the time of
such Lump Sum Payment.

                                       11
<PAGE>


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

     Section 8.01. Assignment. Except as otherwise provided herein, neither
Participant nor any beneficiary for which provision is made herein shall have
the right to sell, alienate, anticipate, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or
otherwise convey the right to receive the Supplement.

     Section 8.02. No Contract of Employment. The Limited Service Plan shall not
be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between the parties hereto, nor
shall any provision hereof restrict the right of the Company to discharge
Participant, or restrict the right of Participant to terminate his or her
employment with the Company.

     Section 8.03. Security. The rights of Participant under the Limited Service
Plan shall be solely those of an unsecured creditor of the Company. Any
securities or fixed or other assets acquired by the Company in order to be able
to satisfy the liabilities assumed by it hereunder, shall not be deemed to be
held under any trust for the benefit of Participant or to be considered security
for the performance of the obligations of the Company but shall be, and remain,
general, unpledged, unrestricted assets of the Company.

     Section 8.04. Conflict. In the case of a conflict between the Limited
Service Plan and the Agreement the terms of the Agreement shall control.

     Section 8.05. Governing Law. The Plan shall be subject to and construed
under the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to any conflicts of
laws principles thereunder.

     Section 8.06. Amendment and Termination. The Company may at any time amend
or terminate the Limited Service Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the
occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company, no amendment or termination
shall, without the consent of Participant, alter or impair any vested rights of
Participant under the Limited Service Plan based upon Participant's age and
years of Credited Service at the time of such amendment or termination or the
manner in which amounts are to be paid to Participant or his or her surviving
spouse under the Limited Service Plan.






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
