<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>a4358939-10m.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10M
<TEXT>

                                Eaton Corporation
                         2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                   Item 15 (c)
                                 Exhibit 10 (m)

                Plan for the Deferred Payment of Directors' Fees
   (originally adopted in 1985 and amended effective as of September 24, 1996
                              and January 28, 1998)

                                    ARTICLE I

                              ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN


1.01 "Establishment of Plan and Effective Date": Eaton corporation (the
     "Company") has established this Plan or the Deferred Payment of Directors'
     Fees (the Plan") effective as of October 23, 1985. The Plan was amended and
     restated as of September 24, 1996 and amended as of January 28, 1998.

1.02 "Statement of Purpose": It is the purpose of the Plan to attract and retain
     qualified persons to serve as Directors of the Company by enabling such
     Directors to defer some or all fees which may be payable to them for future
     services as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or as
     chairman or a member of any committee of the Board.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   DEFINITIONS


     When used herein the following terms shall have the meanings indicated
unless a different meaning is clearly required by the context:

2.01 "Board": The Board of Directors of Eaton Corporation.

2.02 "Change in Control of the Company": For purposes of the Plan, a "Change in
     Control of the Company" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) a tender
     offer shall be made and consummated for the ownership of securities of the
     Company representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
     Company's then outstanding voting securities, (ii) the Company shall be
     merged or consolidated with another corporation and as a result of such
     merger or consolidation less than 75% of the outstanding voting securities
     of the surviving or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate
     by the former shareholders of the Company, other than affiliates (within
     the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) of
     any party to such merger or consolidation, as the same shall have existed
     immediately prior to such merger or consolidation, (iii) the Company shall
     sell substantially all of its assets to another corporation which is not a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, (iv) any "person" (as such term is
     used in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes
     the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
     representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then
     outstanding securities, or (v) during any period of two consecutive years,
     individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board cease
     for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
     election, or the nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, of
     each new Director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the
     Directors then still in office who were Directors at the beginning of the
     period. For purposes of the Plan, ownership of voting securities shall take
     into account and include ownership as determined by applying the provisions
     of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the Exchange Act (as then in effect).


                                       1
<PAGE>

2.03 "Committee": The Corporate Compensation Committee of the Company which
     shall have full power and authority to administer and interpret, in its
     sole discretion, the provisions of the Plan.

2.04 "Company": Eaton Corporation and its corporate successors.

2.05 "Compensation": The total annual fees paid to a Participant for services as
     a Director of the Company including the annual retainer fee, Board meeting
     attendance fees, additional annual retainer fees paid to Board Committee
     chairmen and any other fees paid by the Company for services as a Director
     of the Company.

2.06 "Deferral Plans": The Company's plan of the same name as this Plan and this
     Plan.

2.07 "Deferred Account Balance": At any particular date, the total of all
     Compensation deferred under the Plan and earnings credited thereto less the
     amount of any deferred Compensation previously paid to the Participant.

2.08 "Deferred Compensation Agreement": The written agreement between the
     Company and a Participant substantially in the form attached hereto as
     Exhibit A and made a part hereof.

2.09 "Designated Beneficiary": One or more beneficiaries, as designated by a
     Participant in a written form filed with the Vice President and Secretary
     of the Company and approved by the Committee, to whom payments otherwise
     due to or for the benefit of the Participant hereunder shall be made in the
     event of his death prior to the commencement of benefit payments hereunder
     or the complete payment of such benefit. In the event no such written
     designation is made by a Participant or if such Designated Beneficiary
     shall not be in existence at the time of the Participant's death or if such
     Designated Beneficiary predeceases the Participant, the Participant shall
     be deemed to have designated his estate as the Designated Beneficiary.

                                       2
<PAGE>

2.10 "Failure to Pay": The circumstances described in either (i) or (ii) have
     occurred:


     (i)  Any Participant shall have notified the Company and the Trustee in
          writing that the Company shall have failed to pay to the Participant,
          when due, either directly or by direction to the trustee of any trust
          holding assets for the payment of benefits pursuant to the Plan, at
          least 75% of any and all amounts which the Participant was entitled to
          receive at any time in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and that
          such amounts remain unpaid. Such notice must set forth the amount, if
          any, which was paid to the Participant, and the amount which the
          Participant believes he or she was entitled to receive under the Plan.
          The failure to make such payment shall have continued for a period of
          30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company, and during such
          30-day period the Company shall have failed to prove, by clear and
          convincing evidence as determined by the Trustee in its sole and
          absolute discretion, that such amount was in fact paid or was not due
          and payable; or

     (ii) More than two Participants shall have notified the Company and the
          Trustee in writing that they have not been paid when due, either
          directly or by direction to the Trustee, amounts to which they are
          entitled under the Plan and that such amounts remain unpaid. Each such
          notice must set forth the amount, if any, which was paid to the
          Participant, and the amount which the Participant believes he or she
          was entitled to receive under the Plan. Within 15 days after receipt
          of each such notice, the Trustee shall determine, on a preliminary
          basis, whether any failure to pay such Participants has resulted in a
          failure to pay when due, directly or by direction, at least 75% of the
          aggregate amount due to all Participants under all the Deferral Plans
          in any two-year period, and that such amounts remain unpaid. If the
          Trustee determines that such a failure has occurred, then it shall so
          notify the Company and the Participants in writing within the same 15
          day period. Within a period of 20 days after receipt of such notice
          from the Trustee, the Company shall have failed to prove by clear and
          convincing evidence, in the sole and absolute discretion of the
          Trustee, that such amount was paid or was not due and payable.

2.11 "Funded Amount": With respect to the account of any Participant, the value
     of any assets which have been placed in a grantor trust established by the
     Company to pay benefits with respect to that account, as determined at the
     time initial payments are to be made pursuant to the selections made by the
     Participants in accordance with Section 6.03 .

                                       3
<PAGE>

2.12 "Lump Sum Payment": The lump sum amount which is equal to the then present
     value of the payment, in fifteen annual payments commencing on the date of
     the lump sum payment, of the Participant's Deferred Account Balance plus a
     rate of return thereon equal to the rate or rates of interest specified in
     the Participant's Deferred Compensation Agreement throughout that fifteen
     year period, discounted with a rate of interest equal to "Moody's Corporate
     Bond Yield Average - Monthly (Average Corporates)" most recently published
     by Moody's Investor Services, Inc., or any successor thereto, at the time
     of the calculation.

2.13 "Normal Retirement": Retirement as a Director of the Company at the Normal
     Retirement Date.

2.14 "Normal Retirement Date": The date a Participant retires from the Board of
     Directors after attaining the age of sixty-eight (68).

2.15 "Participant": A Director who is or hereafter becomes eligible to
     participate in the Plan and does participate by electing, in the manner
     specified herein, to defer Compensation pursuant to the Plan.

2.16 "Plan": This Plan for the Deferred Payment of Directors' Fees as contained
     herein which was originally effective as of October 23, 1985, and which has
     been amended from time to time thereafter.

2.17 "Regular Annuity Starting Date": The April 1st immediately following a
     Participant's Normal Retirement Date.

2.18 "Termination and Change in Control": The termination of the service as a
     Director of a Participant for any reason whatsoever prior to a Change in
     Control, upon a Change in Control or during the three-year period
     immediately following a Change in Control.

2.19 "Trustee": Shall mean the trustee of any trust which holds assets for the
     payment of the benefits provided by the Plan.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III

                          ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION


3.01 "Eligibility": Any Director of the Company who is separately compensated
     for his services on the Board and who is first elected to the Board prior
     to 1996 shall be eligible to participate under the Plan. Directors who
     serve as either an officer or an employee of the Company, or who are first
     elected after 1995, shall not be eligible to participate under the Plan.

3.02 "Manner of Election":

     (a)  Any person wishing to commence participation in the Plan must file a
          signed copy of the Deferred Compensation Agreement in the form
          attached as Exhibit A with the Vice President and Secretary of the
          Company at Eaton Center, Cleveland, Ohio 44114. If the Company accepts
          the Election, an eligible Director shall become a Participant in the
          Plan as of December 1, 1985 for an Election filed in 1985 and as of
          the January 1st immediately following the date an Election is filed in
          any year after 1985 if such Election is filed prior to December 1 of
          such year. Upon the request of a Participant, the Committee may in its
          sole discretion approve the termination of future deferrals by such
          Participant.

     (b)  The Board shall be vested with the authority to deny Participants the
          opportunity to defer future Compensation pursuant to the Plan for any
          reason if such denial is applied equitably to all Participants;
          provided, however, that the foregoing authority does not apply to any
          Participant's right to continue to defer the amount constituting his
          then existing Deferred Account Balance and any past and future
          earnings thereon, which amounts shall continue to be deferred and/or
          paid in accordance with the other terms and conditions of this Plan.

3.03 "Limits on Deferred Compensation":

     (a)  Subject to required minimum and maximum annual limitations on the
          amount of Compensation which may be deferred equal to $5,000 and
          $30,000, respectively, a Participant may defer all or any portion of
          his future Compensation which is earned during a period of at least
          four (4) years (16 full calendar quarters) or for the period to his
          Normal Retirement Date, if earlier, or for any period of time longer
          than four years which ends prior to his Normal Retirement Date. Future
          Compensation in excess of the $30,000 annual limitation may be
          deferred pursuant to the Company's Plan for Deferred Payment of
          Directors' Fees adopted as of June 1, 1980 (the "1980 Plan"), which
          plan continues to be effective.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     (b)  Notwithstanding the annual limitations imposed under Section 3.03(a),
          an eligible Participant under the Plan may elect, in the manner
          specified in Section 3.02, prior to December 1, 1985, to have all or
          part of his Compensation which was deferred under the 1980 Plan to be
          held and distributed in accordance with the terms and conditions of
          the Plan.




<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE IV

                               RETIREMENT BENEFITS


4.01 "Normal Retirement Benefit":

     (a)  The Normal Retirement Benefit is a level fifteen (15) year annuity
          payable to a Participant who has attained Normal Retirement in fifteen
          (15) equal annual installments commencing on the Participant's Regular
          Annuity Starting Date and continuing on the anniversary of that date
          each year thereafter until fifteen (15) annual payments have been
          made;

     (b)  The Normal Retirement Benefit shall be calculated by reference to the
          Participant's total Compensation deferred under the Plan and the rate
          or rates of interest specified in his Deferred Compensation Agreement;
          provided, however, that the Committee may determine, in its sole
          discretion, to pay the Normal Retirement Benefit in a Lump Sum
          Payment.

4.02 "Early Termination Benefit": The Normal Retirement Benefit provided under
     the Plan is based on the assumption that each Participant will defer a
     specified amount of Compensation for a specified period of time of not less
     than (4) years or to his Normal Retirement Date, if earlier. In the event a
     Participant has not deferred Compensation in accordance with the terms and
     conditions of the Plan for at least four (4) years, resigns as a Director
     of the Company on a date which is before i) the end of the deferral period
     he elected or ii) his Normal Retirement Date, and iii) any Proposed Change
     in Control of the Company, then in lieu of the Normal Retirement Benefit
     described in Section 4.01(a) hereof, the Participant shall be entitled to
     receive an Early Termination Benefit either at age 68 or at the date of his
     termination as a Director, as determined by the Committee in its sole
     discretion. The Early Termination Benefit shall be equal to his Deferred
     Account Balance at the time of his termination as Director and shall be
     payable in a lump sum or in up to fifteen (15) equal annual installments,
     as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. To the Early
     Termination Benefit payable to a Participant under this Section 4.02 shall
     be added interest at the rate specified in his Deferred Compensation
     Agreement, compounded annually, and credited on the unpaid deferred
     Compensation from the date of termination until the date paid by the
     Company.

4.03 "Entitlement to Normal Retirement Benefit After a Change in Control of the
     Company": Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if within three
     years after a Change in Control of the Company any Participant who, before
     his Normal Retirement Date, is removed as a Director of the Company by a
     vote of the shareholders, resigns as a Director of the Company, completes
     his term of office as a Director of the Company and is not re-elected for
     the next successive term or is otherwise unable to defer additional
     Compensation for a full (4) years or until his Normal Retirement Date,
     whichever is earlier, because of any amendment, suspension or termination
     of the Plan, shall be entitled to receive the Normal Retirement Benefit
     payable as provided in Section 4.01(a) based upon his then existing
     Deferred Account Balance.

                                       6
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V

                                SURVIVOR BENEFIT


5.01 "Survivor Benefit": Upon the occurrence of any of the following events, the
     Company shall pay to a Participant's Designated Beneficiary a benefit as
     defined in this ARTICLE V (herein referred to as a "Survivor Benefit"):

     (a)  The death of a Participant while serving as a Director of the Company;
          or

     (b)  The death of a Participant after becoming entitled to a Normal
          Retirement Benefit or an Early Termination Benefit but prior to
          commencement of payment of either such benefit.

5.02 "Amount of Survivor Benefit": The Survivor Benefit shall be an amount equal
     to the Participant's Deferred Account Balance at the date of his death
     together with interest thereon, compounded annually, from the date
     Compensation was deferred until the date it is completely paid by the
     Company (a "Deferral Period") at a rate equal to the prime rate announced
     by AmeriTrust Company National Association in Cleveland, Ohio (or any
     successor thereto) (hereinafter referred to as the "Prime Rate") from time
     to time during the Deferral Period. The Survivor Benefit shall be paid
     either in a lump sum or in up to fifteen (15) annual installments, as
     determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.

5.03 "Survivor Benefit After Commencement of Benefit Payments to the
     Participant": In the event a Participant who has begun to receive benefit
     installment payments under the Plan dies prior to full payment of his
     Normal Retirement Benefit or Early Termination Benefit, all remaining
     payments due hereunder shall be made to such Participant's Designated
     Beneficiary, either in a lump sum or in installments, in such amounts and
     over such periods, not exceeding the remaining period from the date of the
     Participant's death, as the Committee may direct in its sole discretion.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                        CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO PARTICIPANTS


6.01 "Termination and Change in Control": Notwithstanding anything herein to the
     contrary, upon the occurrence of a Termination and Change in Control, the
     Participants shall be entitled to receive from the Company the payments as
     provided in Section 6.03.

6.02 "Failure to Pay": Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the
     occurrence of a Failure to Pay, each Participant covered by the situation
     described in clause (i) of the definition of Failure to Pay, or each of the
     Participants in the event of a situation described in clause (ii) of that
     definition, as the case may be, shall be entitled to receive from the
     Company the payments as provided in Section 6.03.

6.03 "Payment Requirement": No later than the first to occur of (i) six months
     following the date hereof for any current Participant, (ii) a Termination
     and Change in Control or a Failure to Pay for any current Participant or
     (iii) the date upon which any person who is not a current Participant upon
     the date hereof becomes a Participant, each Participant shall select one of
     the payment alternatives set forth below with respect to that portion of
     the Participant's account equal to the full amount of the account minus the
     Funded Amount, and with respect to that portion of the account equal to the
     Funded Amount. The payment alternatives selected with respect to the two
     portions of the account need not be the same. The payment alternatives are
     as follows:

     (a)  a Lump Sum Payment within 30 days following the Termination and Change
          in Control or Failure to Pay, as the case may be;

     (b)  payment in monthly, quarterly, semiannual or annual payments, over a
          period not to exceed fifteen years, as selected by the Participant at
          the time provided in the first paragraph of this Section 6.03,
          commencing within 30 days following the Termination and Change in
          Control or Failure to Pay, as the case may be, which are substantially
          equal in amount, except that earnings attributable to periods
          following Termination and Change in Control or Failure to Pay at the
          rate or rates of interest specified in the Participant's Deferred
          Compensation Agreement shall be included with each payment. Payment
          shall be made to each such Participant in accordance with his or her
          selected alternative as provided in Sections 6.01 and 6.02.

                                       8
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII

                            AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION


7.01 "Right to Amend and Terminate the Plan": The Company fully expects to
     continue the Plan but it reserves the right, at any time or from time to
     time, by action of the Board, to modify or amend the Plan, in whole or in
     part. In addition, the Company reserves the right by action of the Board to
     terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time and for any reason,
     including, but not limited to, adverse changes in the federal tax laws.
     Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no amendment, modification
     or termination of the Plan shall, without the consent of the Participant,
     alter this provision or impair any of the Participant's rights under the
     Plan with respect to benefits accrued prior to such amendment, modification
     or termination.

7.02 "Plan Termination Benefit":

     (a)  In the event of the complete termination of the Plan, each Participant
          shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to his then Deferred
          Account Balance (other than amounts initially deferred under the l980
          Plan which will continue to be held in accordance with the terms of
          the Plan) together with interest thereon at the Prime Rate in effect
          from time to time during such Deferral Period, compounded annually,
          and credited from the date of deferral until the date paid by the
          Company (hereinafter referred to as a "Plan Termination Benefit"). As
          determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Plan
          Termination Benefit shall be payable either in a lump sum or in up to
          fifteen (15) annual installments commencing at the time elected by the
          Participant in his Deferred Compensation Agreement prior to the
          Deferral Period.

     (b)  In the event of a Participant's death prior to the complete payment of
          the benefits provided under this Section 8.02, all remaining payments
          due hereunder shall be made to the Participant's Designated
          Beneficiary in the same amount as was being received by the
          Participant.

7.03 "Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan After a Change in Control of the
     Company": Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no amendment
     shall be made to the Plan after a Change in Control of the Company which
     would alter or impair this Section 7.03 or any rights or obligations under
     the Plan in relation to any Participant without the prior written consent
     of the Participant; and in the event of complete termination of the Plan
     after a Change in Control of the Company, each Participant shall be
     entitled to receive his Normal Retirement Benefit, if greater than the Plan
     Termination Benefit, payable as provided in Section 4.01(a) based upon his
     then existing Deferred Account Balance.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS


8.01 "Non-Alienation of Benefits": Subject to any federal statute to the
     contrary, no right or benefit under the Plan shall be subject to
     anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge,
     and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, or
     charge any right or benefit under the Plan shall be void. No right or
     benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the
     debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of the person entitled to such
     benefits. If a Participant or his Designated Beneficiary (if entitled to
     benefits under the Plan) shall become bankrupt, or attempt to anticipate,
     alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, or charge any right hereunder,
     then such right or benefit shall, in the discretion of the Committee, cease
     and terminate, and in such event, the Company may hold or apply the same or
     any part thereof for the benefit of the Participant or his spouse,
     children, or other dependents, or any of them, in such manner and in such
     amounts and proportions as the Committee may deem proper.

8.02 "No Trust Created": The obligations of the Company to make payments
     hereunder shall constitute a liability of the Company to the Participant.
     Such payments shall be made from the general funds of the Company, and the
     Company shall not be required to establish or maintain any special or
     separate fund, or purchase or acquire life insurance on a Participant's
     life, or otherwise to segregate assets to assure that such payments shall
     be made, and neither a Participant nor Designated Beneficiary shall have
     any interest in any particular asset of the Company by reason of its
     obligations hereunder. Nothing contained in the Plan shall create or be
     construed as creating a trust of any kind or any other fiduciary
     relationship between the Company and a Participant or any other person.

8.03 "No Employment Agreement": The Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a
     contract of employment between the Company and a Participant. Neither shall
     the execution of the Plan nor any action taken by the Company pursuant to
     the Plan be held or construed to confer on a Participant any legal right to
     be continued as Director of the Company, in an executive position or in any
     other capacity with the Company whatsoever; nor shall any provision herein
     restrict the right of any Participant to resign as a Director.

8.04 "Binding Effect": Obligations incurred by the Company pursuant to the Plan
     shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its
     successors and assigns, and the Participant or his Designated Beneficiary.

                                       10
<PAGE>

8.05 "Claims for Benefits": Each Participant or Designated Beneficiary must
     claim any benefit to which he may be entitled under this Plan by filing a
     written notification with the Vice President and Secretary of the Company.
     The Committee shall make all determinations with respect to such claims for
     benefits. If a claim is denied by the Committee, it must be denied within a
     reasonable period of time in a written notice stating the following:

     (a)  The specific reason for the denial.

     (b)  The specific reference to the Plan provision on which the denial is
          based.

     (c)  A description of additional information necessary for the claimant to
          present his claim, if any, and an explanation of why such information
          is necessary.

     (d)  An explanation of the Plan's claims review procedure.

     The claimant may have a review of the denial by the Committee by filing a
     written notice with the Vice President and Secretary of the Company within
     sixty (60) days after the notice of the denial of his claim.

     The written decision by the Committee with respect to the review must be
     given within one hundred and twenty (120) days after receipt of the written
     request.

8.06 "Entire Plan": This document and any amendments hereto contain all the
     terms and provisions of the Plan and shall constitute the entire Plan, any
     other alleged terms or provisions being of no effect.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                  CONSTRUCTION


9.01 "Governing Law": The Plan shall be construed and governed in accordance
     with the law of the State of Ohio.

9.02 "Gender": The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall be
     deemed to include the feminine gender, and the singular may include the
     plural, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary.

9.03 "Headings, etc.": The cover page of the Plan, the Table of Contents and all
     headings used in this Plan are for convenience of reference only and are
     not part of the substance of the Plan.


                                       12
<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit A


                         DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT


     THIS AGREEMENT is made this ________ day of ___________________, 20_,
between EATON CORPORATION (hereinafter the "Company"), an Ohio corporation, and
_______________________, a non-employee Director of the Company (hereinafter
called "Participant").

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved a Plan for the
Deferred Payment of Directors' Fees (the "Plan") for the purpose of attracting
and retaining qualified persons to serve as Directors of the Company;

     WHEREAS, the Plan provides that a Director becomes a participant under the
Plan upon the execution and delivery by him of a Deferred Compensation
Agreement, in the form of this Agreement, to the Administrative Committee under
the Plan, and the acceptance of such agreement by the Company;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained,
the Company and the Participant hereby agree as follows:

     1. Participation. This Agreement is made to evidence the Participant's
     participation in the Plan, to set forth the amount of the Participant's
     Compensation to be deferred thereunder and to establish the interest rates
     to be used to calculate the Participant's Normal Retirement Benefit and his
     Early Termination Benefit under the Plan.

     2. The Plan Controls. The Plan (and all its provisions), as it now exists
     and as it may be amended hereafter, is incorporated herein and made a part
     of this Agreement, and the provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended
     from time to time, shall control the terms and conditions of this Agreement
     and anything contained herein which is inconsistent with the Plan, as so
     amended, shall be of no force or effect.

     3. Definitions. When used herein, the terms which are defined in the Plan
     shall have the meanings given them in the Plan.

     4. No Interest Created. Neither the Participant nor his Designated
     Beneficiary shall have any interest in any specific asset of the Company,
     including policies of insurance. The Participant and his Designated
     Beneficiary shall have only the right to receive the benefits provided
     under the Plan.

     5. Deferrals. Pursuant to ARTICLE III of the Plan, the Participant hereby
     elects to defer the receipt of, and the Company hereby elects to defer the
     payment of, future Compensation in the amount of_________________ dollars
     ($_______________________ ) for each calendar year during the period
     of________________________ to ____________________.

                                       13
<PAGE>

     6. Normal Retirement Benefit Interest Rate. The Participant's Normal
     Retirement Benefit shall be determined by crediting interest to the
     Participant's total Compensation deferred under the Plan (including amounts
     transferred from the Company's Plan for the Deferred Payment of Directors'
     Fees established as of June 1, 1980) at the rate of ____ % compounded
     annually from the date of deferral until paid by the Company.

     7. Early Termination Benefit Interest Rate. In accordance with ARTICLE IV
     of the Plan, interest shall be credited to the Early Termination Benefit at
     a rate equal to ____%, compounded annually.

     8. Disposition In the Event of Plan Termination. In the event the Company
     determines to terminate the Plan, the Participant hereby elects to have his
     Plan Termination Benefit (other than amounts transferred from the 1980
     Plan) distributed as indicated by the Participant below: (The Participant
     should check only one of the boxes below and sign his initials in the
     opposite blank).

         _________        I hereby elect to have payment of the Plan
                          Termination
         initials         Benefit commence within a reasonable period of
                          time after the Plan termination date; or
                                                                --

         _________        I hereby elect to have the Plan Termination Benefit
                          be retained by the Company, credited with
         initials         interest during the Deferral Period,
                          compounded annually, at the Prime
                          Rate and paid commencing upon the
                          earlier to occur of my Normal
                          Retirement or my resignation from
                          the Board of Directors of the
                          Company.

     The Company shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Plan
     Termination Benefit shall be paid in a lump sum or in up to fifteen (15)
     annual installments.

     9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
     understanding by and between the Company and the Participant, and no
     representations, promises, agreements, or understandings, written or oral,
     not contained herein shall be of any force or effect.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
