<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a4358939-10d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10D
<TEXT>
                                Eaton Corporation
                         2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                   Item 15 (c)
                                 Exhibit 10 (d)


                                EATON CORPORATION

                             1991 STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.       Purpose

The Plan enables professional and management employees who contribute
significantly to the success of Eaton Corporation (the "Company") to participate
in its future prosperity and growth and further to identify their interests with
those of the shareholders. The purpose of the Plan is to provide long-term
incentive for gain through outstanding service to the Company and its
shareholders and to assist in recruiting and retaining people of ability and
initiative in professional and management positions.

2.       Administration

The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors (the "Committee") which shall consist of at least three directors
selected by the Board. The Board may also select one or more directors as
alternate members of the Committee, who may take the place of any absent member
or members at any meeting of the Committee. Members of the Committee are not
eligible to be granted an option under the Plan and each shall be a
"disinterested person" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ("Rule 16b-3"). The Committee shall have complete authority
to interpret all provisions of the Plan consistent with law, to prescribe the
form of instruments evidencing any option or Stock Appreciation Rights granted
under the Plan, to adopt, amend and rescind general and special rules and
regulations for its administration, and to make all other determinations
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.

3.       Eligibility

Any salaried employee (including officers) of the Company and any of its
subsidiaries (including any subsidiary acquired after adoption of the Plan) who
in the judgment of the Committee occupies a professional or management position
in which his efforts contribute to the profits or growth of the Company or a
subsidiary may be granted an option. Directors of the Company who are not also
salaried employees are not eligible to participate in the Plan.

The Committee will designate employees to whom options are to be granted and
will specify the number of shares subject to each option.

4.       Shares Subject to Option

Options may be granted under the Plan on or after May 1, 1991. Each option so
granted will give the employee the right to purchase a designated number of the
Company's common shares with a par value of 50(cent) each ("shares"), (subject
to adjustment under Section 9 hereof). Upon exercise of any option or Stock
Appreciation Rights, the Company may deliver to the employee authorized but
unissued shares, treasury shares, or any combination thereof.

The Committee will maintain records showing the cumulative total of all shares
subject to options outstanding under the Plan. The number of shares delivered
under the Plan shall not exceed in the aggregate 1,250,000. This number may be
adjusted to reflect any change in the capitalization of the Company resulting
from a stock dividend or a stock split or other adjustment contemplated by
Section 9 hereof and occurring after the adoption of the Plan. Subject to
Section 6(D) hereof, if an option is terminated or cancelled, in whole or in
part, for any reason other than the exercise thereof, the shares allocated to
the option or portion thereof so terminated or cancelled may be reallocated to
another option or options to be granted under the Plan.

5.       Stock Options

(A) Allotment of Shares

    (1) Subject to the limitations specified in Section 5(A) (2) hereof, the
    Committee may grant to participants (i) options which are intended to
    qualify as incentive stock options ("Incentive Stock Options") under Section
    422A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code"); (ii) options
    which are not intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options; or (iii) both
    of the foregoing if not granted to a participant in tandem where the
    exercise of one type of option would reduce the shares available under the
    other type of option.

    (2) The aggregate fair market value (determined at the time the option is
    granted) of the shares with respect to Stock Options are exercisable for the
    first time by any participant during any calendar year (under all plans of
    the Company and its subsidiaries) shall not exceed $100,000.

<PAGE>


    (3) Options which are not Incentive Stock Options may be granted to any
    participant without regard to the limitation stated in Section 5(A)(2),
    hereof.

(B) Option Price

The price per share for shares purchased by the exercise of any option granted
under the Plan will be the fair market value per share of such shares at the
time the option is granted.

(C) Option Period

Each option shall expire on such date as the Committee shall determine, but not
later than the tenth anniversary of the date on which the option is granted.

(D) Exercise of Options

    (1)  By a Participant During Continuous Employment

    Subject to the provisions of the Plan, each option granted hereunder shall
    be exercisable on such date or dates and during such period and for such
    number of shares as the Committee may determine; provided, however, that in
    no event shall an option be exercisable prior to six months from the date of
    grant.

    Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs (2) and (3) of paragraph (D) of
    this Section 5, an employee may not exercise any part of an option granted
    under the Plan unless, at the time of such exercise, he has been in the
    continuous employment of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company since
    the date the option was granted. The Committee may decide in each case to
    what extent leaves of absence for government or military service, illness,
    temporary disability, or other reasons shall not for this purpose be deemed
    interruptions of continuous employment.

    No option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the
    date the option was granted. During the lifetime of an employee to whom an
    option is granted, the option may be exercised only by the employee, his
    attorney-in-fact, or his guardian as hereinafter provided.

    On a case-by-case basis, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
    accelerate the schedule of the time or times when an option granted under
    the Plan may be exercised.

    (2)  By a Former Employee

    No person may exercise an option after he ceases to be an employee of the
    Company or any subsidiary unless he ceases to be an employee of the Company
    as a result of normal retirement, early retirement, or disability
    retirement, either physical or mental, or because of physical or mental
    disability. In these instances, the option may be exercised by him, his
    attorney-in-fact, or his guardian, as appropriate, at any time after the
    date on which he ceases to be an employee (but no later than the end of the
    fixed term of the option) for the number of shares for which the option
    could have been exercised at the time he ceased to be an employee, or for
    such greater number of shares subject to the option as to which the
    Committee may authorize an acceleration of the schedule of the time or times
    of exercise under the option.

    (3)  In Case of Death

    If an employee or former employee who was granted an option dies, and at the
    time of death was entitled to exercise any option granted under the Plan,
    the option may be exercised within twelve months after the death of the
    employee or former employee (but no later than the end of the fixed term of
    the option) by his estate, or by a person who acquires the right to exercise
    the option by bequest or inheritance. The option may be exercised only for
    the number of shares for which it could have been exercised at the time the
    employee or former employee died, or for such greater number of shares
    subject to the option for which the Committee may authorize an acceleration
    of the schedule of the time or times of exercise under the option.

    (4)  Purchase of Options Following Death

    Following the death of an employee or former employee who at the time of his
    death was entitled to exercise any option granted under the Plan, the
    Company may, at its election, upon the request of the then holder of the
    option, at any time prior to its exercise, purchase the option at an
    aggregate price (payable in cash or shares or a combination of both) equal
    to the excess of the fair market value per share on the date of receipt by
    the Company of the request over the option price per share, multiplied by
    the number of shares to which the option was then subject to exercise. Only
    the number of shares, if any, transferred in payment for options purchased
    by the Company pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall be charged against
    the maximum number of shares which may be delivered under the Plan as set
    forth in Section 4 hereof.

                                       2

<PAGE>


6. Stock Appreciation Rights

(A) The Committee may grant Stock Appreciation Rights in connection with all or
part of any option granted under the Plan, either at the time of the grant of
the option or at any time thereafter during the term of the option.

(B) Stock Appreciation Rights entitle the holder of an option in connection with
which such Stock Appreciation Rights are granted, upon exercise of the Stock
Appreciation Rights, to surrender the option, or any applicable portion thereof,
to the extent unexercised, and to receive a number of shares, or cash and
shares, determined pursuant to subparagraphs (3) and (4) of paragraph (C) of
this Section 6. The option shall, to the extent so surrendered, thereupon cease
to be exercisable.

(C) Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to the following terms and
conditions and to other terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as
shall from time to time be approved by the Committee:

   (1) Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable at such time or times and
   to the extent, but only to the extent, that the option to which they relate
   shall be exercisable.

   (2) Stock Appreciation Rights shall in no event be exercisable unless and
   until the holder of the Stock Appreciation Rights has completed at least
   twelve months of continuous service with the Company or a subsidiary of the
   Company, or both, immediately following the date upon which the Stock
   Appreciation Rights were granted.

   (3) Upon exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights, the holder shall be entitled
   to receive a number of shares equal in aggregate fair market value to the
   amount by which the fair market value per share on the date of such exercise
   shall exceed the option price per share of the related option, multiplied by
   the number of shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Rights have
   been exercised.

   (4) As the Committee shall determine in its discretion, up to one-half of the
   Company's obligation arising from an exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights
   may be settled by the payment of cash. Any exercise of Stock Appreciation
   Rights by an officer of the Company subject to Section 16(b) of the
   Securities Exchange Act of 1934 involving a partial cash settlement may be
   made, in accordance with Rule 16b-3, only during a period of time beginning
   on the third business day following the date of release for publication of
   any annual or quarterly summary statement of the Company's revenues and
   earnings and ending on the twelfth business day following that date.
   Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (3) of paragraph (C) of this
   Section 6, the Committee shall determine a single fair market value of the
   shares for each exercise period referred to in the preceding sentence, which
   fair market value shall not be higher than the highest sale price of the
   shares during the exercise period, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange
   list of composite transactions, which shall be applicable to all Stock
   Appreciation Rights exercised by any of the officers of the Company subject
   to Section 16(b) during the exercise period which involve a partial cash
   settlement.

(D) To the extent that Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercised, the option
in connection with which the Stock Appreciation Rights have been granted shall
be deemed to have terminated for a reason other than the exercise thereof for
the purpose of the limitation on the aggregate number of shares that may be
delivered under the Plan, and only the number of shares delivered upon the
exercise of the Stock Appreciation Rights shall be charged against the maximum
number of shares which may be delivered under the Plan, as set forth in Section
4 hereof.

7.       Method of Exercise

Each option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan shall be deemed
exercised when the holder shall indicate the decision to do so in writing
delivered to the Company, and, in the case of an option, shall at the same time
tender to the Company payment in full for the shares for which the option is
exercised, and shall comply with such other reasonable requirements as the
Committee may establish pursuant to Section 10 hereof. Payment for the shares
shall be made in cash or, in the discretion of the Committee, through delivery
of shares or a combination of cash and shares. No person, estate or other entity
shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with reference to shares subject
to an option or Stock Appreciation Right until a certificate or certificates for
the shares have been delivered to such person, estate or other entity.

                                       3

<PAGE>

An option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan may be exercised
for any lesser number of shares than the full amount for which it could be
exercised. Such partial exercise of an option or Stock Appreciation Right shall
not affect the right to exercise the option or Stock Appreciation Right from
time to time in accordance with the Plan for the remaining shares subject to the
option or Stock Appreciation Right.

8.       Assignability

No option or Stock Appreciation Right granted to an employee under the Plan
shall be transferable by him except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution,

9.       Adjustment upon Change of Shares

In the event of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, reclassification,
recapitalization, combination or exchange of shares, stock split, stock
dividend, rights offering or other events affecting shares of the Company, the
number and class of shares then subject to options previously granted under the
Plan, and the price per share payable upon exercise of such options, shall be
equitably adjusted by the Committee to reflect the change.

10.      Compliance with Law and Approval of Regulatory Bodies

No option and no Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable and no shares
will be delivered under the Plan except in compliance with all applicable
federal and state laws and regulations, including without limitation, compliance
with withholding tax requirements and with the rules of all domestic stock
exchanges on which the Company's shares may be listed. Any share certificate
issued to evidence shares for which an option is exercised may bear legends and
statements the Committee shall deem advisable to assure compliance with federal
and state laws and regulations. No option and no Stock Appreciation Right shall
be exercisable, and no shares will be delivered under the Plan, until the
Company has obtained consent or approval from regulatory bodies, federal or
state, having jurisdiction over such matters as the Committee may deem
advisable.

In the case of the exercise of an option by a person or estate acquiring the
right to exercise the option by bequest or inheritance, the Committee may
require reasonable evidence as to the ownership of the option and may require
such consents and releases of taxing authorities that it may deem advisable.

                                       4

<PAGE>



11.      General Provisions

Neither the adoption of the Plan nor its operation, nor any document describing
or referring to the Plan, or any part thereof, shall confer upon any employee
any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary, or shall
in any way affect the right and power of the Company or any subsidiary to
terminate the employment of any employee at any time with or without assigning a
reason therefor to the same extent as the Company might have done if the Plan
had not been adopted.

Headings are given to the sections of the Plan solely as a convenience to
facilitate reference; such headings, numbering and paragraphing shall not in any
case be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction of the Plan
or any provisions thereof. The use of the masculine gender shall also include
within its meanings the feminine. The use of the singular shall also include
within its meaning the plural, and vice versa.

12.      Amendment

The Board of Directors of the Company may alter, amend or terminate the Plan
from time to time, except that no amendment to the Plan may become effective for
which approval of the shareholders is necessary for the continued applicability
to the Plan of Rule 16b-3.

13.      Duration of the Plan

No option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be granted under the Plan after
December 31, 2000. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted before that
date shall remain valid thereafter in accordance with their terms.

14.      Effective Date of Plan

The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 23,
1991. It will become effective if and when approved by shareholders holding a
majority of the Company's outstanding common shares entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 1991.

                                       5

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
