<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10_248.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10_248
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.248

                         THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
                            2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
                           as Amended October 23, 2002

Article 1. Introduction.

     The Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors  on February  28, 2001.  The
purpose of this Plan is to promote the long-term  success of the Company and the
creation  of  incremental  stockholder  value  by (a)  encouraging  Non-Employee
Directors and Key Employees to focus on long-range  objectives,  (b) encouraging
the  attraction and retention of  Non-Employee  Directors and Key Employees with
exceptional  qualifications  and  (c)  linking  Non-Employee  Directors  and Key
Employees  directly to  stockholder  interests.  The Plan seeks to achieve  this
purpose by providing  for Awards in the form of Restricted  Shares,  Performance
Share  Awards or  Options,  which may  constitute  incentive  stock  options  or
nonstatutory  stock  options.  The Plan shall be governed  by, and  construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware.

Article 2. Administration.

     2.1 The Committee.  The Plan shall be  administered  by the Committee.  The
Committee shall consist of two or more Directors,  who shall be appointed by the
Board.

     2.2  Committee  Responsibilities.   The  Committee  shall  select  the  Key
Employees  who are to  receive  Awards  under the Plan,  determine  the  amount,
vesting  requirements  and other  conditions  of such Awards,  may interpret the
Plan,  and make all other  decisions  relating to the operation of the Plan. The
Committee  may  adopt  such  rules  or  guidelines  as it deems  appropriate  to
implement the Plan. The Committee's determinations under the Plan shall be final
and binding on all persons.

Article 3. Limitations on Awards.

     The aggregate  number of Restricted  Shares,  Performance  Share Awards and
Options  awarded under the Plan shall not exceed  70,000,000.  If any Restricted
Shares, Performance Share Awards or Options are forfeited, or if any Performance
Share Awards terminate for any other reason without the associated Common Shares
being  issued,  or if any Options  terminate  for any other reason  before being
exercised,  then such  Restricted  Shares,  Performance  Share Awards or Options
shall again become available for Awards under the Plan.

     Subject to the overall limit on the aggregate  shares set forth above,  the
following limitations shall apply: (a) The maximum number of Common Shares which
may be  granted  subject to an Option to any one  Participant  in any one fiscal
year shall be  5,000,000;  and (b) The maximum  number of  Restricted  Shares or
Performance  Share Awards which may be granted to any one Participant in any one
fiscal  year shall be  1,000,000.  The  limitations  set forth in the  preceding
sentence shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 10; and

     The  limitations  of this  Article 3 shall each be  subject  to  adjustment
pursuant to Article  10. Any Common  Shares  issued  pursuant to the Plan may be
authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares.

Article 4. Eligibility.

     4.1  General  Rule.  Key  Employees  and  Non-Employee  Directors  shall be
eligible for designation as Participants by the Committee.

     4.2 Non-Employee  Directors.  In addition to any awards pursuant to Section
4.1,  Non-Employee  Directors  shall be entitled to receive the automatic  NQSOs
described in this Section 4.2.

     (a) Each  Non-Employee  Director shall receive an NQSO covering a number of
     Common Shares for each Award Year with respect to which he or she serves as
     a  Non-Employee  Director on the grant date  described  in  subsection  (b)
     below,  to be calculated  by dividing  $150,000 by the Fair Market Value of
     the Common Shares on the grant date described in subsection (b) below; and

     (b)  The  NQSO  for a  particular  Award  Year  shall  be  granted  to each
     Non-Employee Director as of May 15 of each Award Year, and if May 15 is not
     a  business  day,  then  the  grant  shall  be made  on and as of the  next
     succeeding business day;

     (c) Each NQSO shall be exercisable in full at all times during its term;

     (d) The term of each NQSO shall be 10 years;  provided,  however,  that any
     unexercised NQSO shall expire on the earlier of the date 10 years after the
     date of grant or three (3)  months  following  the date  that the  Optionee
     ceases to be a Non-Employee Director or a Key Employee for any reason other
     than  death or  disability.  If an  Optionee  ceases  to be a  Non-Employee
     Director or Key Employee on account of death or disability, any unexercised
     NQSO shall  expire on the  earlier  of the date 10 years  after the date of
     grant or one year after the date of death or disability  of such  Director;
     and

     (e) The  Exercise  Price  under each NQSO shall be equal to the Fair Market
     Value  on the date of  grant  and  shall  be  payable  in any of the  forms
     described in Article 6.

     4.3 Ten-Percent Stockholders.  A Key Employee who owns more than 10 percent
of the total combined  voting power of all classes of  outstanding  stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO
unless (a) the Exercise price under such ISO is at least 110 percent of the Fair
Market  Value  of a Common  Share  on the date of grant  and (b) such ISO by its
terms is not  exercisable  after the  expiration  of five years from the date of
grant.

     4.4 Attribution  Rules.  For purposes of Section 4.3, in determining  stock
ownership,  a Key Employee  shall be deemed to own the stock owned,  directly or
indirectly, by or for his or her brothers,  sisters, spouse, ancestors or lineal
descendants.  Stock  owned,  directly or  indirectly,  by or for a  corporation,
partnership,  estate or trust shall be deemed to be owned  proportionately by or
for its stockholders, partners or beneficiaries. Stock with respect to which the
Key Employee holds an option shall not be counted.

     4.5 Outstanding  Stock.  For purposes of Section 4.3,  "outstanding  stock"
shall include all stock actually  issued and outstanding  immediately  after the
grant of the ISO to the Key  Employee.  "Outstanding  stock"  shall not  include
treasury shares or shares authorized for issuance under outstanding options held
by the Key Employee or by any other person.

     4.6 Options Issued To Non-Employee  Directors In Lieu of Fee Deferrals.  In
addition to any awards pursuant to Sections 4.1 and 4.2, a Non-Employee Director
who  elects to defer the  receipt  of amounts  pursuant  to  Section  5.1 of The
Charles Schwab Corporation Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Directors
Deferred  Compensation  Plan") and elects to receive  stock options in lieu of a
Deferral  Account balance  pursuant to Section 5.4(2) of the Directors  Deferred
Compensation  Plan,  shall be entitled to receive a grant of NQSOs  hereunder on
the date the amounts would have been payable to the Non-Employee Director if the
Non-Employee  Director  had not made such  deferral  election.  Any NQSOs issued
pursuant  to this  Section  shall be issued  pursuant  to the terms set forth in
subsections (c), (d) and (e) of Section 4.2 hereof.

     4.7  Performance  Shares Issued To Non-Employee  Directors  Pursuant to Fee
Deferrals.  In  addition  to any  awards  pursuant  to  Sections  4.1 and 4.2, a
Non-Employee  Director  who elects to defer the  receipt of amounts  pursuant to
Section 5.1 of The Directors'  Deferred  Compensation Plan and elects to receive
payment  in  Shares  pursuant  to  Section  5.4(1)  of  the  Directors  Deferred
Compensation  Plan,  shall be entitled to receive a grant of Performance  Shares
hereunder on the date the amounts  would have been  payable to the  Non-Employee
Director if the Non-Employee  Director had not made such deferral election.  For
purposes of this  section,  the term  Non-Employee  Director  shall also include
non-employee  directors  of  any  Subsidiary,  if  the  Committee  has  approved
participation in the Directors Deferred  Compensation Plan for such Subsidiary's
non-employee directors.

Article 5. Options.

     5.1 Stock Option Agreement. Each grant of an Option under the Plan shall be
evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such
Option shall be subject to all applicable  terms and conditions of the Plan, and
may be subject to any other terms and conditions which are not inconsistent with
the Plan and which the  Committee  deems  appropriate  for  inclusion in a Stock
Option Agreement.  The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered
into under the Plan need not be  identical.  The  Committee may designate all or
any part of an  Option  as an ISO  (or,  in the  case of a Key  Employee  who is
subject to the tax laws of a foreign  jurisdiction,  as an option qualifying for
favorable tax treatment under the laws of such foreign jurisdiction), except for
Options granted to Non-Employee Directors.

     5.2 Options Nontransferability.  Subject to the provisions of Section 14.2,
no Option  granted under the Plan shall be  transferable  by the Optionee  other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. An Option may be exercised
during the  lifetime of the  Optionee  only by him or her. No Option or interest
therein may be  transferred,  assigned,  pledged or hypothecated by the Optionee
during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made
subject to execution, attachment or similar process.

     5.3 Number of Shares.  Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number
of Common Shares  subject to the Option and shall provide for the  adjustment of
such number in  accordance  with Article 10. Each Stock Option  Agreement  shall
also specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NQSO.

     5.4 Exercise Price.  Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the Exercise
Price.  The Exercise Price under an Option shall not be less than 100 percent of
the Fair  Market  Value  of a Common  Share  on the  date of  grant,  except  as
otherwise  provided  in Section  4.3.  Subject to the  preceding  sentence,  the
Exercise  Price  under any Option  shall be  determined  by the  Committee.  The
Exercise Price shall be payable in accordance with Article 6.

     5.5  Exercisability and Term. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the
date when all or any  installment  of the Option is to become  exercisable.  The
Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option. The term of an
ISO shall in no event  exceed 10 years from the date of grant,  and  Section 4.3
may require a shorter  term.  Subject to the preceding  sentence,  the Committee
shall  determine when all or any part of an Option is to become  exercisable and
when such Option is to expire;  provided that, in appropriate cases, the Company
shall have the  discretion  to extend  the term of an Option or the time  within
which,  following termination of employment,  an Option may be exercised,  or to
accelerate the exercisability of an Option. A Stock Option Agreement may provide
for expiration  prior to the end of its term in the event of the  termination of
the  Optionee's  employment and shall provide for the suspension of vesting when
an  employee  is on a leave of  absence  for a period in excess of six months in
appropriate  cases, as determined by the Company;  provided that,  except to the
extent  otherwise  specified  by the  Committee  at the time of  grant,  (i) the
exercisability of Options shall be accelerated in the event of the Participant's
death or Disability;  (ii) in the case of Retirement,  the exercisability of all
outstanding  Options shall be accelerated,  other than any Options that had been
granted  within two years of the date of the  Optionee's  Retirement;  and (iii)
vesting  shall be  suspended  when an  employee  is on a leave of absence  for a
period in excess  of six  months in  appropriate  cases,  as  determined  by the
Company.  Except as  provided  in  Section  4.2,  NQSOs may also be  awarded  in
combination with Restricted Shares, and such an Award may provide that the NQSOs
will not be exercisable unless the related  Restricted Shares are forfeited.  In
addition,  NQSOs  granted  under  this  Section  5 may  be  granted  subject  to
forfeiture  provisions  which  provide  for  forfeiture  of the Option  upon the
exercise of tandem awards,  the terms of which are established in other programs
of the Company.

     5.6  Limitation  on  Amount  of  ISOs.  The  aggregate  fair  market  value
(determined at the time the ISO is granted) of the Common Shares with respect to
which  ISOs are  exercisable  for the  first  time by the  Optionee  during  any
calendar year (under all incentive  stock option plans of the Company) shall not
exceed $100,000;  provided,  however, that all or any portion of an Option which
cannot be exercised as an ISO because of such limitation  shall be treated as an
NQSO.

     5.7 Effect of Change in Control. The Committee (in its sole discretion) may
determine,  at the time of granting an Option,  that such  Option  shall  become
fully  exercisable  as to all Common Shares  subject to such Option  immediately
preceding any Change in Control with respect to the Company.

     5.8  Restrictions  on Transfer of Common  Shares.  Any Common Shares issued
upon  exercise  of an  Option  shall  be  subject  to  such  special  forfeiture
conditions,  rights of  repurchase,  rights of first refusal and other  transfer
restrictions  as the Committee may  determine.  Such  restrictions  shall be set
forth in the  applicable  Stock Option  Agreement and shall apply in addition to
any general restrictions that may apply to all holders of Common Shares.

     5.9  Authorization of Replacement  Options.  Concurrently with the grant of
any Option to a Participant  (other than NQSOs granted pursuant to Section 4.2),
the Committee may authorize the grant of  Replacement  Options.  If  Replacement
Options have been authorized by the Committee with respect to a particular award
of Options (the "Underlying Options"),  the Option Agreement with respect to the
Underlying  Options  shall  so  state,  and  the  terms  and  conditions  of the
Replacement  Options  shall be provided  therein.  The grant of any  Replacement
Options  shall be  effective  only upon the exercise of the  Underlying  Options
through the use of Common  Shares  pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section  6.3.  The
number of  Replacement  Options  shall equal the number of Common Shares used to
exercise the Underlying Options,  and, if the Option Agreement so provides,  the
number  of  Common  Shares  used to  satisfy  any tax  withholding  requirements
incident to the exercise of the  Underlying  Options in accordance  with Section
13.2. Upon the exercise of the Underlying Options, the Replacement Options shall
be evidenced by an amendment to the Underlying Option Agreement. Notwithstanding
the fact that the Underlying  Option may be an ISO, a Replacement  Option is not
intended to qualify as an ISO. The Exercise Price of a Replacement  Option shall
be no less than the Fair Market Value of a Common Share on the date the grant of
the Replacement  Option becomes  effective.  The term of each Replacement Option
shall be equal to the remaining  term of the Underlying  Option.  No Replacement
Options  shall be granted to Optionees  when  Underlying  Options are  exercised
pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Underlying Option Agreement  following
termination of the Optionee's employment. The Committee, in its sole discretion,
may establish  such other terms and  conditions  for  Replacement  Options as it
deems appropriate.

     5.10 Options Granted to Non-United States Key Employees. In the case of Key
Employees who are subject to the tax laws of a foreign jurisdiction, the Company
may issue Options to such Key Employees  that contain terms  required to conform
with any  requirements  for favorable tax treatment  imposed by the laws of such
foreign  jurisdiction,  or as  otherwise  may be  required  by the  laws of such
foreign  jurisdiction.  The terms of any such  Options  shall be governed by the
Plan,  subject to the terms of any Addendum to the Plan specifically  applicable
to such Options.

     5.11 Effect of Job  Elimination.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
contained in the Plan or in any Stock Option  Agreement or Stock Award Agreement
entered  into with  respect to an Award  pursuant to the Plan,  in the case of a
Participant who is an Officer, and who becomes entitled to receive payments with
respect to a Severance  Period pursuant to the Charles Schwab Severance Pay Plan
(the "Severance  Plan") on account of a Job  Elimination,  the terms of the Plan
and any Stock  Option  Agreement  or Stock  Award  Agreement  entered  into with
respect to an Award  shall be  applied by  treating  the  Participant  as if the
Participant had terminated employment on the Participant's Termination Date. For
purposes  of  applying  this  Section,  the  terms  Officer,  Severance  Period,
Termination  Date, and Job Elimination  shall have the meanings set forth in the
Severance Plan.

Article 6. Payment for Option Shares.

     6.1 General Rule.  The entire  Exercise  Price of Common Shares issued upon
exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Common Shares
are purchased,  except that the Company may at any time accept payment  pursuant
to Section 6.2 or 6.3.

     6.2 Surrender of Stock.  To the extent that this Section 6.2 is applicable,
payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made with Common Shares
which are  surrendered  to the  Company.  Such Common  Shares shall be valued at
their Fair  Market  Value on the date when the new Common  Shares are  purchased
under the Plan.  In the event  that the  Common  Shares  being  surrendered  are
Restricted Shares that have not yet become vested,  the same restrictions  shall
be imposed upon the new Common Shares being purchased.

     6.3  Exercise/Sale.  To the extent this Section 6.3 is applicable,  payment
may be made by the  delivery  (in a  manner  prescribed  by the  Company)  of an
irrevocable  direction  to Charles  Schwab & Co.,  Inc.  to sell  Common  Shares
(including  the Common  Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Options) and to
deliver  all or part of the sales  proceeds  to the Company in payment of all or
part of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes.


Article 7. Restricted Shares and Performance Share Awards.

     7.1 Time,  Amount and Form of Awards.  The Committee  may grant  Restricted
Shares or  Performance  Share  Awards with  respect to an Award Year during such
Award Year or at any time  thereafter.  Each such Award shall be  evidenced by a
Stock Award Agreement between the Award recipient and the Company. The amount of
each Award of Restricted  Shares or Performance Share Awards shall be determined
by the Committee. Awards under the Plan may be granted in the form of Restricted
Shares  or  Performance  Share  Awards  or in any  combination  thereof,  as the
Committee  shall  determine  at its sole  discretion  at the time of the  grant.
Restricted Shares or Performance Share Awards may also be awarded in combination
with  NQSOs,  and such an  Award  may  provide  that the  Restricted  Shares  or
Performance  Share Awards will be forfeited in the event that the related  NQSOs
are exercised.

     7.2 Payment for  Restricted  Share  Awards.  To the extent that an Award is
granted in the form of Restricted Shares, the Award recipient, as a condition to
the grant of such Award,  shall be required to pay the Company in cash an amount
equal to the par value of such Restricted Shares.

     7.3 Vesting or Issuance  Conditions.  Each Award of Restricted Shares shall
become vested,  in full or in installments,  upon satisfaction of the conditions
specified in the Stock Award  Agreement.  Common Shares shall be issued pursuant
to Performance  Share Awards in full or in installments upon satisfaction of the
issuance conditions specified in the Stock Award Agreement.  The Committee shall
select the vesting  conditions  in the case of  Restricted  Shares,  or issuance
conditions in the case of Performance Share Awards,  which may be based upon the
Participant's service, the Participant's performance,  the Company's performance
or such other criteria as the Committee may adopt; provided that, in the case of
an  Award  of  Restricted   Shares  where  vesting  is  based  entirely  on  the
Participant's service (except to the extent otherwise specified by the Committee
at the time of grant),  (i)  vesting  shall be  accelerated  in the event of the
Participant's death or Disability; (ii) in the case of Retirement, vesting shall
be  accelerated  for all  Restricted  Shares that had been granted more than two
years prior to the date of the Participant's Retirement; and (iii) vesting shall
be suspended when an employee is on a leave of absence for a period in excess of
six months in appropriate cases, as determined by the Company. The Committee, in
its sole discretion, may determine, at the time of making an Award of Restricted
Shares,  that such Award shall become fully vested in the event that a Change in
Control  occurs  with  respect  to the  Company.  The  Committee,  in  its  sole
discretion, may determine, at the time of making a Performance Share Award, that
the  issuance  conditions  set forth in such Award  shall be waived in the event
that a Change in Control occurs with respect to the Company.

     7.4  Form  of  Settlement  of  Performance  Share  Awards.   Settlement  of
Performance Share Awards shall only be made in the form of Common Shares.  Until
a Performance  Share Award is settled,  the number of  Performance  Share Awards
shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 10.

     7.5 Death of Recipient. Any Common Shares that are to be issued pursuant to
a  Performance  Share Award after the  recipient's  death shall be  delivered or
distributed to the recipient's beneficiary or beneficiaries. Each recipient of a
Performance Share Award under the Plan shall designate one or more beneficiaries
for this purpose by filing the prescribed  form with the Company.  A beneficiary
designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any
time before the Award recipient's  death. If no beneficiary was designated or if
no designated  beneficiary survives the Award recipient,  then any Common Shares
that  are  to  be  issued  pursuant  to a  Performance  Share  Award  after  the
recipient's  death shall be delivered or distributed to the recipient's  estate.
The Committee, in its sole discretion,  shall determine the form and time of any
distribution(s) to a recipient's beneficiary or estate.

Article 8. Claims Procedures.

     Claims  for  benefits  under the Plan  shall be filed in  writing  with the
Committee on forms supplied by the Committee.  Written notice of the disposition
of a claim shall be furnished to the claimant  within 90 days after the claim is
filed.  If the claim is denied,  the notice of  disposition  shall set forth the
specific  reasons for the denial,  citations to the pertinent  provisions of the
Plan, and, where appropriate,  an explanation as to how the claimant can perfect
the claim. If the claimant wishes further consideration of his or her claim, the
claimant may appeal a denied claim to the Committee  (or to a person  designated
by the Committee) for further review. Such appeal shall be filed in writing with
the  Committee  on a form  supplied by the  Committee,  together  with a written
statement of the claimant's position, no later than 90 days following receipt by
the  claimant  of  written  notice  of the  denial of his or her  claim.  If the
claimant so requests,  the  Committee  shall  schedule a hearing.  A decision on
review  shall be made  after a full and fair  review  of the  claim and shall be
delivered in writing to the claimant no later than 60 days after the Committee's
receipt of the notice of appeal,  unless  special  circumstances  (including the
need to hold a hearing)  require an extension of time for processing the appeal,
in which case a written decision on review shall be delivered to the claimant as
soon as possible  but not later than 120 days after the  Committee's  receipt of
the  appeal  notice.  The  claimant  shall be  notified  in  writing of any such
extension of time. The written decision on review shall include specific reasons
for the  decision,  written  in a  manner  calculated  to be  understood  by the
claimant, and shall specifically refer to the pertinent Plan provisions on which
it is based. All  determinations  of the Committee shall be final and binding on
Participants and their beneficiaries.

Article 9. Voting Rights and Dividends.

     9.1 Restricted Shares. All holders of Restricted Shares shall have the same
voting, dividend, and other rights as the Company's other stockholders.

     9.2 Performance Share Awards. The holders of Performance Share Awards shall
have no voting or  dividend  rights  until  such time as any  Common  Shares are
issued pursuant thereto, at which time they shall have the same voting, dividend
and other rights as the Company's other stockholders.

Article 10. Protection Against Dilution; Adjustment of Awards.

     10.1  General.  In the event of a  subdivision  of the  outstanding  Common
Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Common Shares, a declaration of a
dividend  payable  in  a  form  other  than  Common  Shares,  a  combination  or
consolidation  of  the  outstanding  Common  Shares  (by   reclassification   or
otherwise) into a lesser number of Common Shares, a recapitalization,  a spinoff
or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments in one
or more of (a) the number of Options,  Restricted  Shares and Performance  Share
Awards  available for future  Awards under Article 3, (b) the maximum  number of
Common Shares which may be granted under Article 3 to any one Participant in any
one  fiscal  year  either  subject  to an  Option  or as  Restricted  Shares  or
Performance Share Awards, (c) the number of Performance Share Awards included in
any prior Award which has not yet been settled,  (d) the number of Common Shares
covered  by  each  outstanding  Option  or (e) the  Exercise  Price  under  each
outstanding Option.

     10.2  Reorganizations.  Subject to the  provisions  of Section  5.7, in the
event  that  the  Company  is a  party  to a  merger  or  other  reorganization,
outstanding  Options,  Restricted  Shares and Performance  Share Awards shall be
subject  to the  agreement  of  merger or  reorganization.  Such  agreement  may
provide,  without  limitation,  for the assumption of outstanding  Awards by the
surviving  corporation or its parent,  for their continuation by the Company (if
the  Company  is a  surviving  corporation),  for  accelerated  vesting  or  for
settlement in cash.

     10.3  Reservation  of Rights.  Except as  provided  in this  Article  10, a
Participant  shall have no rights by reason of any subdivision or  consolidation
of shares of stock of any class,  the payment of any stock dividend or any other
increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. Any issue by
the  Company of shares of stock of any class,  or  securities  convertible  into
shares of stock of any class,  shall not  affect,  and no  adjustment  by reason
thereof  shall be made with  respect to, the number or Exercise  Price of Common
Shares  subject to an Option.  The grant of an Award  pursuant to the Plan shall
not  affect in any way the right or power of the  Company  to make  adjustments,
reclassifications,  reorganizations  or  changes  of  its  capital  or  business
structure, to merge or consolidate or to dissolve,  liquidate,  sell or transfer
all or any part of its business or assets.

Article 11. Limitation of Rights.

     11.1  Employment  Rights.  Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the
Plan shall be deemed to give any  individual  a right to remain  employed by the
Company or any Subsidiary. The Company and its Subsidiaries reserve the right to
terminate  the  employment of any employee at any time,  with or without  cause,
subject only to a written employment agreement (if any).

     11.2  Stockholders'  Rights.  A Participant  shall have no dividend rights,
voting or other  rights as a  stockholder  with  respect  to any  Common  Shares
covered by his or her Award prior to the issuance of such Common Shares, whether
by issuance of a certificate, book entry or other procedure. No adjustment shall
be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to
the date when such  certificate  is  issued,  except as  expressly  provided  in
Articles 7, 9 and 10.

     11.3 Creditors'  Rights. A holder of Performance Share Awards shall have no
rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company.  Performance Share
Awards represent unfunded and unsecured  obligations of the Company,  subject to
the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Award Agreement.

     11.4   Government   Regulations.   Any   other   provision   of  the   Plan
notwithstanding, the obligations of the Company with respect to Common Shares to
be issued  pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to all applicable  laws,  rules
and  regulations,  and such  approvals  by any  governmental  agencies as may be
required.  The Company reserves the right to restrict,  in whole or in part, the
delivery of Common Shares pursuant to any Award until such time as:

     (a) Any legal  requirements  or  regulations  have been met relating to the
     issuance of such Common Shares or to their  registration,  qualification or
     exemption from  registration or  qualification  under the Securities Act of
     1933, as amended, or any applicable state securities laws; and

     (b)  Satisfactory  assurances  have been received that such Common  Shares,
     when  issued,  will be duly  listed on the New York Stock  Exchange  or any
     other securities exchange on which Common Shares are then listed.

Article 12. Limitation of Payments.

     12.1 Basic Rule. Any provision of the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding,
in the event that the independent  auditors most recently  selected by the Board
(the  "Auditors")  determine  that any  payment  or  transfer  in the  nature of
compensation to or for the benefit of a Participant, whether paid or payable (or
transferred or transferable)  pursuant to the terms of this Plan or otherwise (a
"Payment"),  would be  nondeductible  for federal income tax purposes because of
the provisions  concerning  "excess  parachute  payments" in section 280G of the
Code, then the aggregate present value of all Payments shall be reduced (but not
below zero) to the Reduced Amount; provided, however, that the Committee, at the
time of making an Award under this Plan or at any time  thereafter,  may specify
in writing  that such Award  shall not be so reduced and shall not be subject to
this Article 12. For purposes of this Article 12, the "Reduced  Amount" shall be
the amount,  expressed as a present value, which maximizes the aggregate present
value of the Payments  without  causing any Payment to be  nondeductible  by the
Company because of section 280G of the Code.

     12.2  Reduction of Payments.  If the  Auditors  determine  that any Payment
would be  nondeductible  because of section  280G of the Code,  then the Company
shall  promptly  give the  Participant  notice to that  effect and a copy of the
detailed  calculation thereof and of the Reduced Amount, and the Participant may
then elect,  in his or her sole  discretion,  which and how much of the Payments
shall be  eliminated or reduced (as long as after such  election,  the aggregate
present  value of the Payments  equals the Reduced  Amount) and shall advise the
Company in writing of his or her  election  within 10 days of receipt of notice.
If no such election is made by the Participant  within such 10-day period,  then
the Company may elect which and how much of the Payments  shall be eliminated or
reduced  (as long as after such  election  the  aggregate  present  value of the
Payments equals the Reduced Amount) and shall notify the Participant promptly of
such  election.  For  purposes  of this  Article  12,  present  value  shall  be
determined in accordance with section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. All determinations
made by the Auditors under this Article 12 shall be binding upon the Company and
the  Participant  and  shall be made  within  60 days of the date when a Payment
becomes  payable or  transferable.  As promptly as  practicable  following  such
determination and the elections hereunder,  the Company shall pay or transfer to
or for the benefit of the Participant such amounts as are then due to him or her
under the Plan,  and shall promptly pay or transfer to or for the benefit of the
Participant  in the  future  such  amounts as become due to him or her under the
Plan.

     12.3  Overpayments  and  Underpayments.  As a result of  uncertainty in the
application of section 280G of the Code at the time of an initial  determination
by the Auditors  hereunder,  it is possible that Payments will have been made by
the  Company  which  should  not  have  been  made  (an  "Overpayment")  or that
additional Payments which will not have been made by the Company could have been
made (an  "Underpayment"),  consistent in each case with the  calculation of the
Reduced  Amount  hereunder.  In the  event  that the  Auditors,  based  upon the
assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or
the Participant  which the Auditors  believe has a high  probability of success,
determine that an Overpayment has been made, such  Overpayment  shall be treated
for all purposes as a loan to the Participant which he or she shall repay to the
Company on  demand,  together  with  interest  at the  applicable  federal  rate
provided in section 7872(f)(2) of the Code;  provided,  however,  that no amount
shall be payable by the  Participant  to the  Company if and to the extent  that
such  payment  would not reduce the amount  which is subject to  taxation  under
section  4999 of the Code.  In the event  that the  Auditors  determine  that an
Underpayment  has  occurred,   such  Underpayment  shall  promptly  be  paid  or
transferred  by the Company to or for the benefit of the  Participant,  together
with interest at the applicable  federal rate provided in section  7872(f)(2) of
the Code.

     12.4  Related  Corporations.  For  purposes  of this  Article  12, the term
"Company" shall include affiliated  corporations to the extent determined by the
Auditors in accordance with section 280G(d)(5) of the Code.

Article 13. Withholding Taxes.

     13.1 General. To the extent required by applicable federal, state, local or
foreign law, the recipient of any payment or  distribution  under the Plan shall
make  arrangements  satisfactory  to the  Company  for the  satisfaction  of any
withholding   tax   obligations   that  arise  by  reason  of  such  payment  or
distribution.  The  Company  shall  not be  required  to make  such  payment  or
distribution until such obligations are satisfied.

     13.2 Nonstatutory  Options,  Restricted Shares or Performance Share Awards.
The Committee may permit an Optionee who exercises NQSOs, or who receives Awards
of Restricted  Shares,  or who receives Common Shares pursuant to the terms of a
Performance  Share Award,  to satisfy all or part of his or her  withholding tax
obligations  by having the Company  withhold a portion of the Common Shares that
otherwise  would be issued to him or her under such Awards.  Such Common  Shares
shall be valued at their  Fair  Market  Value on the date when  taxes  otherwise
would be withheld  in cash.  The payment of  withholding  taxes by  surrendering
Common Shares to the Company, if permitted by the Committee, shall be subject to
such  restrictions  as the  Committee  may impose,  including  any  restrictions
required by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Article 14. Assignment or Transfer of Award.

     14.1  General  Rule.  Any  Award  granted  under  the  Plan  shall  not  be
anticipated,  assigned,  attached,  garnished,  optioned,  transferred  or  made
subject to any creditor's  process,  whether  voluntarily,  involuntarily  or by
operation of law, except to the extent specifically permitted by Section 14.2.

     14.2  Exceptions to General Rule.  Notwithstanding  Section 14.1, this Plan
shall not preclude (i) a Participant  from designating a beneficiary to succeed,
after the Participant's  death, to those of the Participant's  Awards (including
without  limitation,  the right to exercise any  unexercised  Options) as may be
determined  by the  Company  from  time to time in its sole  discretion,  (ii) a
transfer of any Award hereunder by will or the laws of descent or  distribution,
or  (iii) a  voluntary  transfer  of an  Award  (other  than an ISO) to a trust,
partnership or limited  liability company for the benefit of one or more members
of the Participant's  family,  subject to the prior approval of the Committee or
its designee;  provided that, in the case of an Award granted prior to September
25,  2002,  such  approval  shall not be  required  for a transfer to a trust or
partnership if the Participant  has sole  investment  control over such trust or
partnership

<PAGE>


Article 15. Future of Plans.

     15.1  Term of the  Plan.  The  Plan,  as set  forth  herein,  shall  become
effective on May 7, 2001. The Plan shall remain in effect until it is terminated
under Section 15.2, except that no ISOs shall be granted after May 6, 2011.

     15.2 Amendment or  Termination.  The Committee may, at any time and for any
reason,  amend or terminate the Plan; provided,  however,  that any amendment of
the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company's  stockholders  to the
extent required by applicable laws, regulations or rules.

     15.3 Effect of Amendment or  Termination.  No Award shall be made under the
Plan  after  the  termination  thereof.  The  termination  of the  Plan,  or any
amendment thereof, shall not affect any Option,  Restricted Share or Performance
Share Award previously granted under the Plan.

Article 16. Definitions.

     16.1  "Award"  means  any  award  of an  Option,  a  Restricted  Share or a
Performance Share Award under the Plan.

     16.2  "Award  Year"  means a fiscal  year  beginning  January 1 and  ending
December 31 with respect to which an Award may be granted.

     16.3 "Board" means the Company's  Board of Directors,  as constituted  from
time to time.

     16.4  "Change in  Control"  means the  occurrence  of any of the  following
events after the effective date of the Plan as set out in Section 15.1:

     (a) A change in control  required to be  reported  pursuant to Item 6(e) of
     Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act;

     (b) A change in the  composition  of the Board,  as a result of which fewer
     than two-thirds of the incumbent directors are directors who either (i) had
     been  directors  of the Company 24 months prior to such change or (ii) were
     elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes
     of at least a  majority  of the  directors  who had been  directors  of the
     Company 24 months  prior to such change and who were still in office at the
     time of the election or nomination;

     (c) Any "person"  (as such term is used in sections  13(d) and 14(d) of the
     Exchange Act) becomes the  beneficial  owner,  directly or  indirectly,  of
     securities of the Company  representing  20 percent or more of the combined
     voting power of the Company's then outstanding  securities  ordinarily (and
     apart from rights accruing under special circumstances) having the right to
     vote at  elections  of  directors  (the "Base  Capital  Stock");  provided,
     however, that any change in the relative beneficial ownership of securities
     of any person  resulting solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of
     outstanding  shares of Base Capital Stock,  and any decrease  thereafter in
     such person's  ownership of  securities,  shall be  disregarded  until such
     person  increases  in any manner,  directly or  indirectly,  such  person's
     beneficial ownership of any securities of the Company.

     16.5 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     16.6  "Committee"  means  the  Compensation  Committee  of  the  Board,  as
constituted from time to time.

     16.7 "Common Share" means one share of the common stock of the Company.

     16.8   "Company"   means  The  Charles  Schwab   Corporation,   a  Delaware
corporation.

     16.9 "Disability" means the inability to engage in any substantial  gainful
activity  considering the  Participant's  age,  education and work experience by
reason  of any  medically  determined  physical  or mental  impairment  that has
continued without  interruption for a period of at least six months and that can
be expected to be of long, continued and indefinite duration. All determinations
as to  whether a  Participant  has  incurred a  Disability  shall be made by the
Employee Benefits Administration Committee of the Company, the findings of which
shall be final, binding and conclusive.

     16.10 "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended.

     16.11 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     16.12  "Exercise  Price" means the amount for which one Common Share may be
purchased  upon  exercise of an Option,  as  specified  by the  Committee in the
applicable Stock Option Agreement.

     16.13  "Fair  Market  Value"  means  the  market  price of a Common  Share,
determined by the committee as follows:

     (a) If the  Common  Share  was  traded on a stock  exchange  on the date in
     question,  then the Fair Market  Value shall be equal to the closing  price
     reported by the applicable composite-transactions report for such date;

     (b) If the Common Share was traded over-the-counter on the date in question
     and was classified as a national  market issue,  then the Fair Market Value
     shall be equal to the last  transaction  price quoted by the NASDAQ  system
     for such date;

     (c) If the Common Share was traded over-the-counter on the date in question
     but was not  classified as a national  market  issue,  then the Fair Market
     Value shall be equal to the mean between the last  reported  representative
     bid and asked prices quoted by the NASDAQ system for such date; and

     (d) If none of the foregoing provisions is applicable, then the Fair Market
     Value shall be  determined  by the Committee in good faith on such basis as
     it deems appropriate.

     16.14 "ISO" means an incentive stock option  described in section 422(b) of
the Code.

     16.15 "Key Employee" means (1) a key common-law  employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary,  as determined by the Committee,  or (2) a non-employee director
of any Subsidiary, as determined by the Committee.

     16.16 "Named Executive  Officer" means a Participant who, as of the date of
vesting of an Award is one of a group of "covered  employees," as defined in the
Regulations promulgated under Code Section 162(m), or any successor statute.

     16.17  "Non-Employee  Director"  means a member  of the  Board who is not a
common-law employee.

     16.18 "NQSO" means an employee  stock option not  described in sections 422
through 424 of the Code.

     16.19  "Option"  means an ISO or NQSO or, in the case of a Key Employee who
is subject to the tax laws of a foreign  jurisdiction,  an option qualifying for
favorable  tax  treatment  under  the  laws of such  jurisdiction,  including  a
Replacement Option,  granted under the Plan and entitling the holder to purchase
one Common Share.

     16.20  "Optionee"  means an  individual,  or his or her estate,  legatee or
heirs at law that holds an Option.

     16.21 "Participant"  means a Non-Employee  Director or Key Employee who has
received an Award.

     16.22  "Performance  Share Award" means the conditional right to receive in
the future one Common Share, awarded to a Participant under the Plan.

     16.23 "Plan"  means this 1992 Stock  Incentive  Plan of The Charles  Schwab
Corporation, as it may be amended from time to time.

     16.24  "Replacement  Option"  means  an  Option  that  is  granted  when  a
Participant  uses a Common  Share held or to be acquired by the  Participant  to
exercise an Option and/or to satisfy tax  withholding  requirements  incident to
the exercise of an Option.

     16.25  "Restricted  Share"  means a Common Share  awarded to a  Participant
under the Plan.

     16.26  "Retirement" shall mean any termination of employment of an Optionee
for any reason  other than death at any time  after the  Optionee  has  attained
Retirement Age. For this purpose,  Retirement Age shall mean age fifty (50), but
only if, at the time of such termination, the Participant has been credited with
at least seven (7) Years of Service under the SchwabPlan  Retirement Savings and
Investment Plan; provided, however, that if at the time of grant of an Option an
Optionee  is a  Participant  in a  qualified  retirement  plan  maintained  by a
Subsidiary (other than the SchwabPlan  Retirement  Savings and Investment Plan),
then Retirement Age shall have the same meaning as the Normal Retirement Date as
defined in such plan.

     16.27 "Stock Award Agreement"  means the agreement  between the Company and
the recipient of a Restricted  Share or  Performance  Share Award which contains
the terms,  conditions and  restrictions  pertaining to such Restricted Share or
Performance Share Award.

     16.28 "Stock Option  Agreement" means the agreement between the Company and
an Optionee which contains the terms,  conditions and restrictions pertaining to
his or her option.

     16.29  "Subsidiary"  means any corporation or other entity,  if the Company
and/or one or more other  Subsidiaries own not less than 50 percent of the total
combined  voting power of all classes of outstanding  stock of such  corporation
(or ownership interest of such other entity). A corporation or other entity that
attains  the status of a  Subsidiary  on a date after the  adoption  of the Plan
shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date.

<PAGE>

                                    ADDENDUM

               THE UNITED KINGDOM 2001 OFFICER SHARE OPTION SCHEME

                        OF THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION


This Addendum to The Charles Schwab  Corporation  2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the
"2001 Plan") shall constitute the rules of the United Kingdom 2001 Officer Share
Option Scheme ("Scheme") of The Charles Schwab  Corporation (the "Company"),  as
approved by the United  Kingdom's  Board of Inland  Revenue  ("Inland  Revenue")
under Schedule 9 to the United Kingdom's  Income and Corporation  Taxes Act 1988
(the "Act").

Definitions

1    Except as specifically set forth in this Addendum, the terms and conditions
     of the 2001 Plan shall  apply to the scheme.  In  addition,  the  following
     definitions will apply to this Scheme:

     1.1  References  to the  "Act"  are  to the  United  Kingdom's  Income  and
          Corporation Taxes Act 1998.

     1.2  The  expression  "New  Option"  means an  Option  over  shares  in the
          Acquiring  Company  (as  defined  in rule 5.2) or some  other  company
          falling  within  paragraph  10(b) or 10(c) of  Schedule  9 to the Act,
          meeting the requirements of sub-paragraphs 15(3)(a) to (d) of Schedule
          9 to the Act,  granted in consideration of the release of a subsisting
          Option within the "appropriate  period" (as defined by paragraph 15(2)
          of Schedule 9 to the Act).

     1.3  The expression  "Option-holder" means the person to whom an option has
          been granted  under this Scheme and  references  to "Optionee " in the
          2001 Plan shall be construed accordingly.

     1.4  The  expression  "Participating  Company"  means the  Company  and any
          company which is under the control of the Company,  within the meaning
          of  section  840 of the Act,  and to which the  Committee  shall  have
          resolved that this Scheme shall for the time being extend.

     1.5  References to  "Qualifying  Shares" in this Addendum are references to
          Shares  which  satisfy  the  requirements  of  paragraphs  10 to 14 of
          Schedule 9 to the Act.

     1.6  References  to "Shares" in this  addendum are  references to shares or
          shares of Common Stock in the Company.

Eligibility and Grant

     2.1  Options may only be granted  under the Scheme to a Key Employee who is
          an employee (other than one who is a director) or a full-time director
          of a  Participating  Company,  and for this  purpose a person shall be
          treated as a full-time  director of a  Participating  Company if he is
          obliged  to  devote  not  less  than 25 hours a week,  excluding  meal
          breaks,  to the  performance of the duties of his office or employment
          with that company (or with that company and any other company which is
          a  Participating  Company).  References in the 2001 Plan to "employee"
          shall be construed accordingly.

     2.2  No Options  under this  Scheme may be granted to, or  exercised  by, a
          person who is not eligible to  participate by virtue of paragraph 8 of
          Schedule 9 to the Act, as modified by section 187 (3) (a) of the Act.

     2.3  No Option may be  granted  at a time when the Shares  over which it is
          granted are not Qualifying Shares.

     2.4  For the  purposes  of Article  5.4 of the 2001 Plan,  the Fair  Market
          Value,  as  determined by the Committee in respect of any Option under
          this Scheme,  shall be as defined in  Article16.13(a) of the 2001 Plan
          if the Stock  Exchange  referred  to in that  Article  is the New York
          Stock  Exchange and the closing  price  referred to in that Article is
          the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange and in any other case
          shall be not less than the  market  value of the shares on the date of
          grant(or  such  earlier  date as may be  agreed  with the Board of the
          Inland  Revenue) and agreed in advance with the United  Kingdom Inland
          Revenue Shares Valuation Division.

     2.5  Only Options (as defined in the 2001 Plan) shall be granted under this
          Scheme and no Replacement  Options,  Restricted  Shares or Performance
          Share  Awards as outlined in Articles 5.9 and 7 of the 2001 Plan shall
          be granted  under this Scheme.  Articles  5.9, 7, 9 and 12 of the 2001
          Plan  shall not apply for the  purposes  of this  Scheme and an Option
          granted under the Scheme need not comply with the  requirement  in the
          second sentence of Article 5.3. No Options shall be granted under this
          Scheme pursuant to Articles 4.6 or 4.7 of the 2001 Plan.

     2.6  No Option granted under this Scheme shall be exercisable more than ten
          years after the date the Option is granted.

Limitation on Awards

     3.   For the  purposes  of Article 3 of the 2001 Plan,  any Option  granted
          under this  Scheme to any person  shall be limited  and take effect so
          that the sterling  equivalent of the amount payable on the exercise of
          such  Option,  when  added to the  aggregate  sterling  equivalent  of
          amounts  payable on the  exercise  of options  over  Shares  which are
          capable of being  acquired  under  subsisting  rights  obtained by the
          Participant  under  this  Scheme  or any  other  share  option  scheme
          established  by the  Company or any  associated  company  (within  the
          meaning  contained  in  section  416 of the  Act) of the  Company  and
          approved  under  Schedule  9 to the  Act  (but  excluding  any  rights
          obtained under a savings related share option scheme) shall not exceed
          the limit set out in paragraph 28 of Schedule 9 to the Act.

          For the purposes of this Scheme, the sterling equivalent of any amount
          payable on the  exercise  of an option  shall be the amount  converted
          into pounds  sterling  at the  highest  buying rate shown in the day's
          spread as  published in the  Financial  Times for the date of grant of
          such  option or at such other rate as may be agreed  from time to time
          with the United Kingdom Inland Revenue Shares Valuation Division.

Exercise

     4.1  No Option may be  exercised  whilst  this Scheme is and is intended to
          remain approved by the Inland Revenue unless the Shares which would be
          acquired are Qualifying Shares.

     4.2  Any terms and conditions imposed by the Committee under Article 5.1 of
          the 2001 Plan for the  exercise of Options  granted  under this Scheme
          shall be factual and objective and laid down at the time of grant. Any
          such terms or conditions shall not be amended or waived after the time
          of grant unless they relate to performance targets and event or events
          have  occurred such that the  Committee  reasonably  believes that the
          original  conditions as amended or waived will be a fairer measure and
          would not be more  difficult to satisfy  than the original  condition.
          Any other terms  determined by the Company may only be imposed if they
          otherwise  comply with the  requirements  set out in Schedule 9 to the
          Act.

     4.3  Notwithstanding  Article  5.2 of  the  2001  Plan,  no  Option  may be
          transferred  by  will,  and on the  death  of  the  Option-holder  any
          subsisting Option may be exercised by his personal representatives not
          later than one year after the date of his death.  Article  14.2 of the
          2001 Plan shall not apply.

     4.4  Article  5.5 of the 2001 Plan  shall not  apply to this  Scheme.  Each
          Stock  Option  Agreement  shall  specify when issued on grant the date
          when all or any  instalment  of the  Option is to  become  exercisable
          including  whether  there  shall be any  acceleration  of  vesting  on
          certain events (the vesting of the Option). The Stock Option Agreement
          shall also specify the term of the Option.  Any subsisting Options may
          be  exercised  by the  Participant  or, if  deceased,  by his personal
          representatives  in whole or in part  (including any unvested part) at
          the  time of or,  subject  to rule  4.5,  at any  time  following  the
          occurrence of the earliest of the following events:

          (i)  the death of the Participant; and

          (ii) upon the  Participant  ceasing to be a director  or employee of a
               Participating Company or the Company or any Subsidiary as defined
               in Article  16.29 of the 2001 Plan where  that  cessation  was by
               reason  of  Disability  or  injury  (in  the  latter  case on the
               production  of such evidence as the  Committee  shall  reasonably
               require  to show the  Option-holder  has  ceased to  exercise  by
               reason of injury and is incapable of exercising  that  employment
               and is likely to remain so incapable for the foreseeable  future)
               or  redundancy  as defined in the  Employment  Rights Act 1996 or
               Retirement.

     4.5  An Option shall lapse and become  thereafter  incapable of exercise on
          the earliest of the following events:

          (i)  the tenth anniversary of the date the Option is granted;

          (ii) where a  Participant  ceases to be a director  or  employee  of a
               Participating Company or the Company or any Subsidiary as defined
               in  Article  16.29  of the  2001  Plan  by  reason  of  death  or
               Disability,  or  injury  the  first  anniversary  following  such
               cessation;

          (iii)where a  Participant  ceases to be a director  or  employee  of a
               Participating Company or the Company or any Subsidiary as defined
               in Article  16.29 of the 2001 Plan by reason of  Retirement,  the
               second anniversary following such cessation; and

          (iv) where a  Participant  ceases to be a director  or  employee  of a
               Participating Company or the Company or any Subsidiary as defined
               in Article 16.29 of the 2001 Plan for any reason other than those
               set out above, including redundancy,  three months following such
               cessation; and

          (v)  the end of the period of exercisability  determined in accordance
               with rule 5.

     4.6  Payment  for  Shares on the  exercise  of Options  granted  under this
          Scheme  shall be in cash and not  through  the  delivery  of Shares of
          Common  Stock or otherwise as described in Articles 6.2 and 6.3 of the
          2001 Plan.

     4.7  Shares  shall  be  issued  and  the  Option-holder   registered  as  a
          shareholder within 30 days of receipt of a valid exercise notice.

     4.8  Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 5.8 or 6.2 of the 2001 Plan,
          any Shares  issued upon the  exercise  of an Option  under this Scheme
          shall  not  be  subject  to  any  forfeiture  conditions,   rights  of
          repurchase, rights of first refusal or any other transfer restrictions
          that do not apply to all holders of Shares.

     4.9  Article 13 shall apply so that it is a condition of exercise  that the
          obligations are satisfied.

     4.10 The Company shall keep available  sufficient unissued Shares or Shares
          in the Treasury to satisfy the exercise in full of all Options granted
          under this  Scheme and for the time being  remaining  capable of being
          exercised.

Takeover, Change of Control

     5.1  If any person  obtains  control of the Company  (within the meaning of
          section 840 of the Act) as a result of making:

          (i)  a general  offer to acquire the whole of the issued share capital
               of the Company  (other  than that which is already  owned by him)
               which is  unconditional or which is made on a condition such that
               if it is satisfied  the person making the offer will have control
               of the Company; or

          (ii) a general  offer to acquire  all the shares  (other  than  shares
               which are already  owned by him) in the Company  which are of the
               same class as Shares subject to a subsisting Option,

          then  the  Committee  shall  notify  all  Participants  as  soon as is
          practicable after the change of control.  Any subsisting Option may be
          exercised from the date of the receipt of that  notification up to the
          expiry of a period  ending  six  months  from the time when the person
          making the offer has obtained control of the Company and any condition
          subject to which the offer is made has been satisfied.

     5.2  If as a result  of the  events  specified  in rule  5.1 an  "Acquiring
          Company"  (as  defined in  paragraph  15 of Schedule 9 to the Act) has
          obtained control of the Company, the Participant may, if the Acquiring
          Company  so  agrees,   release  any  subsisting  Option  he  holds  in
          consideration for the grant of a New Option.

     5.3  Where the  circumstances  noted in rule 5.2 apply,  New Options may be
          granted  within the terms of paragraph  15(1) of Schedule 9 to the Act
          in consideration for the release of Options  previously  granted under
          this Scheme.  Such New Options are deemed to be  equivalent to the old
          Options  and to have been  granted  within  the terms of this  Scheme,
          provided the New Options  satisfy the conditions in paragraph 15(3) of
          Schedule 9 to the Act and the release of the Option takes place within
          six months of the date the Acquiring  Company  obtains  control of the
          Company.  A New Option  issued in  consideration  of the release of an
          Option shall be evidenced by an option  certificate or agreement which
          shall import the relevant provisions of this Scheme.

     5.4  A New Option shall, for all other purposes of this Scheme,  be treated
          as having been acquired at the same time as the corresponding released
          Option.

     5.5  If any person obtains control of the Company other than as a result of
          the events  specified in rule 5.1, then the Committee shall notify all
          Participants as soon as practicable  after the change of control.  Any
          subsisting  Option may be  exercised  from the date of the  receipt of
          that  notification up to the expiry of a period ending six months from
          the time when the person obtains control of the Company.

     5.6  If, as a result of the events specified in rules 5.1 or 5.3, a company
          has obtained  control of the Company,  the Committee shall be entitled
          at any time to require all holders of  subsisting  Options to exercise
          those Options  within 30 days by notice in writing to the  Participant
          to this effect.

     5.7  The periods of exercisability  under this rule 5 and the date of lapse
          under rule 4.5 are those of whichever of the  pre-conditions  of rules
          5.1, 5.3 or 5.4 are first achieved.  The subsequent achievement of any
          other  pre-conditions  will not  cause a period of  exercisability  to
          begin nor a date of lapse to arise.

     5.8  For the purpose of this rule 5 other than rule 5.2, a person  shall be
          deemed to have obtained control of the Company if he and others acting
          in concert with him have together obtained control of it.

     5.9  The exercise of an Option pursuant to the preceding provisions of this
          rule 5 shall not be  subject to any  conditions  imposed  pursuant  to
          Article 5.1 of the 2001 Plan as amended by rule 4.2.

Employment Relationship

     6.   With respect to Options granted pursuant to the Scheme,  Article 11 of
          the 2001 Plan shall be subject to the following:  "Any  Participant or
          Employee shall waive any and all rights to  compensation or damages on
          the  termination of his office or employment  with any past or present
          Participating  Company or Subsidiary for any reason whatsoever insofar
          as those  rights  arise or may arise from his  ceasing to have  rights
          under or to be entitled to exercise  any Option under this Scheme as a
          result of the  termination.  Neither  the  grant of an Option  nor any
          benefit which may accrue to a Participant on the exercise of an Option
          shall form part of that  Participant's  remuneration  entitlement from
          his office or employment,  nor shall the grant of an Option create any
          right or  entitlement on the  Participant to have any further  Options
          granted to him under this Scheme if at all."

Protection Against Dilution: Variation of Share Capital

     7.1  With respect to Options granted  pursuant to the Scheme,  Article 10.1
          of the  2001  Plan  shall  apply,  but (i) with  the  omission  of the
          following words and phrases : "a declaration of a dividend  payable in
          Common Shares",  "a declaration of a dividend  payable in a form other
          than Common Shares",  "a spin-off or similar  occurrence;" and (ii) as
          if the  following  words  were  added "or any other  variation  of the
          issued Common Shares" before the words "the Committee". Adjustments to
          Options,  as described in Article 10 of the 2001 Plan, shall be at the
          discretion  of the  Committee  and shall not be  effective  under this
          Scheme until approved by the United Kingdom Inland Revenue.

     7.2  Article  10.2 of the 2001 Plan shall  apply for the  purposes  of this
          Scheme with the exclusion of the words "for accelerated vesting or for
          settlement in cash".

Withholding Taxes

     7.3  Article  13.1 of the 2001 Plan shall  apply for the  purposes  of this
          scheme with the exclusion of the last sentence.

Alteration of Scheme rules

     8.   The  Committee  may make such  alterations  to the  provisions of this
          Scheme as may be permitted by Article 15.2 of the 2001 Plan,  provided
          that any such  alteration made at a time when this Scheme is to remain
          approved by the United  Kingdom  Inland  Revenue shall not have effect
          unless and until the  alteration  has the prior approval in writing of
          the United Kingdom Inland Revenue.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
