<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>b45527pkexv10w14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14 LIFESCIENCES INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                                PerkinElmer, Inc.

                          LIFE SCIENCES INCENTIVE PLAN

1.       Purpose

         This is an amendment and restatement of the Packard BioScience Company
2000 Stock Incentive Plan for the purposes of reflecting the acquisition of
Packard BioScience Company by PerkinElmer, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation
(the "Company"). The purpose of this Life Sciences Incentive Plan (the "Plan")
of the Company is to advance the interests of the Company's stockholders by
enhancing the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make
(or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing
such persons with equity ownership opportunities and performance-based
incentives and thereby better aligning the interests of such persons with those
of the Company's stockholders. Except where the context otherwise requires, the
term "Company" shall include any of the Company's present or future subsidiary
corporations as defined in Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code") and any
other business venture (including, without limitation, a joint venture or
limited liability company) in which the Company has a significant interest, as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board").

2.       Eligibility

         All of the Company's employees, consultants and advisors (and any
individuals who have accepted an offer for employment) are eligible to be
granted options, performance units, or other stock-based awards (each, an
"Award") under the Plan; officers and directors of the Company are not eligible
to be granted Awards hereunder. Each person who has been granted an Award under
the Plan shall be deemed a "Participant".

3.       Administration, Delegation

(a)      Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be administered by
the Board. The Board shall have authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend
and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the
Plan as it shall deem advisable. The Board may correct any defect, supply any
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner
and to the extent it shall deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect and it
shall be the sole and final judge of such
<PAGE>
expediency. All decisions by the Board shall be made in the Board's sole
discretion and shall be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any
interest in the Plan or in any Award. No director or person acting pursuant to
the authority delegated by the Board shall be liable for any action or
determination relating to or under the Plan made in good faith.

(b)      Delegation to Executive Officers. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Board may delegate to one or more executive officers of the Company the
power to make Awards and exercise such other powers under the Plan as the Board
may determine, provided that the Board shall fix (i) the maximum number of
shares subject to Awards and (ii) the maximum number of shares for any one
Participant to be made by such executive officers.

(c)      Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more
committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). All references in the
Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or a Committee of the Board or the
executive officer referred to in Section 3(b) to the extent that the Board's
powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee or
executive officer.

4.       Stock Available for Awards

(a)      Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 9, Awards may be
made under the Plan for up to the Total Authorized Shares (as defined below).
For purposes of the Plan, "Total Authorized Shares" shall mean a number of
shares of the common stock, $1.00 par value per share, of the Company ("Common
Stock") as is equal to the sum of:

(i)      2,322,606;

(ii)     the number of shares of Common Stock covered by, but not ultimately
issued pursuant to, any Award under this Plan that (A) expires or is terminated,
surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised or (B) is forfeited
in whole or in part  (including as a result of shares of Common Stock subject to
such Award being repurchased by the Company at the original issuance price
pursuant to a contractual repurchase right),  subject, however, in the case of
Awards of Incentive Stock Options (as hereinafter defined),  to any limitation
required under the Code;

(iii)    the number of shares of Common Stock that were available for issuance
under the Packard BioScience Company Management Stock Incentive Plan and the
Packard BioScience Company 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Prior Plan(s)") to
the extent not


                                       2
<PAGE>
issued or subject to an Award under the Prior Plan(s) on the date the Company
acquired Packard BioScience Company (the "Closing Date"); and

(iv)     the number of shares of Common Stock that become available under the
Prior Plan(s) after the Closing Date because an Award made under the Prior
Plan(s) (A) expires or is terminated, surrendered or canceled after the Approval
Date without having been fully exercised or (B) is forfeited in whole or in part
(including as a result of shares of Common Stock subject to such Award being
repurchased by the Company at the original issuance price pursuant to a
contractual repurchase right) after the Closing Date, subject, however, in the
case of Awards of Incentive Stock Options (as hereinafter defined),  to any
limitation required under the Code. All determinations of numbers of shares
shall take into account any adjustments made to reflect the acquisition of
Packard BioScience Company by the Company.

Shares issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but
unissued shares or treasury shares.

(b)      Other Limits. Subject to adjustment under Section 9, the maximum number
of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan pursuant to all
Awards that are not Options shall be 400,000.

5.       Stock Options

(a)      General. The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock (each, an
"Option") and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by
each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and
limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions
relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers
necessary or advisable. Only Options which are not intended to be incentive
stock options (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) may be granted under the
Plan.

(b)      Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at the
time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option agreement;
provided, however, that the exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the
fair market value of the Common Stock, as determined by the Board, at the time
the Option is granted, or par value, if greater.

(c)      Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and
subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the applicable
option agreement; provided, however, that no Option will be granted for a term
in excess of 10 years.


                                       3
<PAGE>
(d)      Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the Company
of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any other form
of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board together with
payment in full as specified in Section 5(e) for the number of shares for which
the Option is exercised.

(e)      Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an
Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

(1)      in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

(2)      except as the Board may, in its sole discretion, otherwise provide in
an option agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional
undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company
sufficient funds to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding or
(ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and
unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the
Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and any required
tax withholding;

(3)      when the Common Stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, by delivery of vested shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant
valued at their fair market value as determined by (or in a manner approved by)
the Board in good faith ("Fair Market Value"), provided (i) such method of
payment is then permitted under applicable law and (ii) such Common Stock, if
acquired directly from the Company, was owned by the Participant at least six
months prior to such delivery;

(4)      to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole discretion by (i)
delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the Company on terms
determined by the Board, or (ii) payment of such other lawful consideration as
the Board may determine; or

(5)      by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.

(f)      Substitute Options. In connection with a merger or consolidation of an
entity with the Company or the acquisition by the Company of property or stock
of an entity, the Board may grant Options in substitution for any options or
other stock or stock-based awards granted by such entity or an affiliate
thereof. Substitute Options may be granted on such terms as the Board deems
appropriate in the circumstances, notwithstanding any limitations on Options
contained in the other sections of this Section 5 or in Section 2.

6.       Other Stock-Based Awards


                                       4
<PAGE>
         The Board shall have the right to grant other Awards based upon the
Common Stock having such terms and conditions as the Board may determine,
including the grant of shares based upon certain conditions, the grant of
securities or other awards convertible into Common Stock and the grant of stock
appreciation rights.

7.       Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

(a)      Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the limits set forth in Section 4(c), (iii) the number and class of
securities and exercise price per share subject to each outstanding Option, (iv)
the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding Restricted Stock
Award, and (vii) the terms of each other outstanding Award shall be
appropriately adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if
applicable) to the extent the Board shall determine, in good faith, that such an
adjustment (or substitution) is necessary and appropriate. If this Section 7(a)
applies and Section 7(c) also applies to any event, Section 7(c) shall be
applicable to such event, and this Section 7(a) shall not be applicable.

(b)      Liquidation or Dissolution. In the event of a proposed liquidation or
dissolution of the Company, the Board shall upon written notice to the
Participants provide that all then unexercised Options will (i) become
exercisable in full as of a specified time at least 10 business days prior to
the effective date of such liquidation or dissolution and (ii) terminate
effective upon such liquidation or dissolution, except to the extent exercised
before such effective date. The Board may specify the effect of a liquidation or
dissolution on any Restricted Stock Award or other Award granted under the Plan
at the time of the grant of such Award.

(c)      Acquisition Events

                  (1) Definition. An "Acquisition Event" shall mean: (a) any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result
of which the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for the right to
receive cash, securities or other property or (b) any exchange of shares of the
Company for cash, securities or other property pursuant to a statutory share
exchange transaction.

                  (2) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Options. Upon the
occurrence of an Acquisition Event, or the execution by the Company of any
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Event, the Board shall provide that all
outstanding Options shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be
substituted, by the acquiring


                                       5
<PAGE>
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof). For purposes hereof, an
Option shall be considered to be assumed if, following consummation of the
Acquisition Event, the Option confers the right to purchase, for each share of
Common Stock subject to the Option immediately prior to the consummation of the
Acquisition Event, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other
property) received as a result of the Acquisition Event by holders of Common
Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to the consummation
of the Acquisition Event (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration,
the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that if the consideration received
as a result of the Acquisition Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the
consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the
consideration to be received upon the exercise of Options to consist solely of
common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof) equivalent in fair market value to the per share consideration received
by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of the Acquisition
Event.

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to assume, or substitute
for, such Options, then the Board shall, upon written notice to the
Participants, provide that all then unexercised Options will become exercisable
in full as of a specified time prior to the Acquisition Event and will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of such Acquisition Event, except to the
extent exercised by the Participants before the consummation of such Acquisition
Event; provided, however, that in the event of an Acquisition Event under the
terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon consummation thereof a
cash payment for each share of Common Stock surrendered pursuant to such
Acquisition Event (the "Acquisition Price"), then the Board may instead provide
that all outstanding Options shall terminate upon consummation of such
Acquisition Event and that each Participant shall receive, in exchange therefor,
a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by which (A) the Acquisition Price
multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such outstanding
Options (whether or not then exercisable), exceeds (B) the aggregate exercise
price of such Options.

                  (3) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Restricted Stock
Awards. Upon the occurrence of an Acquisition Event, the repurchase and other
rights of the Company under each outstanding Restricted Stock Award shall inure
to the benefit of the Company's successor and shall apply to the cash,
securities or other property which the Common Stock was converted into or
exchanged for pursuant to such Acquisition Event in the same manner and to the
same extent as they applied to the Common Stock subject to such Restricted Stock
Award.


                                       6
<PAGE>
                  (4) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Other Awards. The
Board shall specify the effect of an Acquisition Event on any other Award
granted under the Plan at the time of the grant of such Award.

8.       General Provisions Applicable to Awards

(a)      Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise determine
or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged
or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are granted, either
voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only
by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the
context, shall include references to authorized transferees.

(b)      Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced by a written instrument in
such form as the Board shall determine; such written instrument may be in the
form of an agreement signed by the Company and the Participant or a written or
electronic confirming memorandum from the Company to the Participant. Each Award
may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

(c)      Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each Award
may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of
each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat Participants
uniformly.

(d)      Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on an Award
of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or other
change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to
which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise
rights under the Award.

(e)      Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, Participants may, to the extent then permitted under
applicable law, satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of
shares of Common Stock, including vested shares retained from the Award creating
the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value; provided, however, that
the total tax withholding where stock is being used to satisfy such tax
obligations cannot exceed the Company's minimum statutory withholding
obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state
tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental
taxable


                                       7
<PAGE>
income). The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax
obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant.

(f)      Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove
restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all
conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the
Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all other legal matters
in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied,
including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or
stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and
delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may
consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules
or regulations.

(g)      Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Options shall
become immediately exercisable in full or in part, that any Restricted Stock
Awards shall be free of restrictions in full or in part or that any other Awards
may become exercisable in full or in part or free of some or all restrictions or
conditions, or otherwise realizable in full or in part, as the case may be.

(h)      Deferral. An optionee who is entitled, by authority of the Board of
Directors, to defer his or her compensation pursuant to any deferred
compensation plan maintained by the Company may elect, in accordance with rules
established by the Board, to defer receipt of any shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of an option, provided that such election is
irrevocable and made at least that number of days prior to the exercise of the
option which shall be determined by the Board. The optionee's account under such
deferred compensation plan shall be credited with a number of stock units equal
to the number of shares so deferred.

9.       Miscellaneous

(a)      No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any claim
or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

(b)      No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the applicable
Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights as a
stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with
respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event


                                       8
<PAGE>
the Company effects a split of the Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and
the exercise price of and the number of shares subject to such Option are
adjusted as of the date of the distribution of the dividend (rather than as of
the record date for such dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option
between the record date and the distribution date for such stock dividend shall
be entitled to receive, on the distribution date, the stock dividend with
respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired upon such Option exercise,
notwithstanding the fact that such shares were not outstanding as of the close
of business on the record date for such stock dividend.

(c)      Effective Date and Term of Plan. This amendment and restatement of the
Plan shall become effective on the Closing Date and shall apply to Options
granted under the Plan on or after the Closing Date. Options granted prior to
the Closing Date shall be governed by the terms of the Plan as in effect
immediately before the Closing Date. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan
after the tenth anniversary of the Closing Date, but Awards previously granted
may extend beyond that date.

(d)      Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan
or any portion thereof at any time.

(e)      Provisions for Foreign Employees. The Board may, without amending the
Plan, modify options granted to employees who are foreign naturals or who are
employed outside the United States to recognize differences in laws, rules,
regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax,
securities, currency, employee benefits or other matters.

(f)      Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made hereunder
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to any applicable conflicts of
law.


                                       9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
