<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>b45527pkexv10w15.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.15 1999 VIVID TECH EQUITY INCENTIVE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.15

                                PerkinElmer, Inc.

                  1999 Vivid Technologies Equity Incentive Plan

1.       Purpose

         The purpose of this 1999 Vivid Technologies Equity Incentive Plan (the
"Plan") of PerkinElmer, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), is to
advance the interests of the Company's stockholders by enhancing the Company's
ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to
make) important contributions to the Company by providing such persons with
equity ownership opportunities and performance-based incentives and thereby
better aligning the interests of such persons with those of the Company's
stockholders. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term "Company"
shall include any of the Company's present or future subsidiary corporations as
defined in Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code") and any other business
venture (including, without limitation, a joint venture or limited liability
company) in which the Company has a significant interest, as determined by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board").

2.       Eligibility

         All of the Company's employees (and any individuals who have accepted
an offer for employment) are eligible to be granted options (each, an "Award")
under the Plan. Each person who has been granted an Award under the Plan shall
be deemed a "Participant".

3.       Administration, Delegation

(a)      (a)      Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be
         administered by the Board. The Board shall have authority to grant
         Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such administrative rules,
         guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall deem
         advisable. The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or
         reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and
         to the extent it shall deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect and
         it shall be the sole and final judge of such expediency. All decisions
         by the Board shall be made in the Board's sole discretion and shall be
         final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the
         Plan or in any Award. No director or person acting pursuant to the
         authority delegated by the Board shall be liable for any action or
         determination relating to or under the Plan made in good faith.
<PAGE>
(b)      Delegation to Executive Officers. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Board may delegate to one or more executive officers of the Company the
power to make Awards and exercise such other powers under the Plan as the Board
may determine, provided that the Board shall fix (i) the maximum number of
shares subject to Awards and (ii) the maximum number of shares for any one
Participant to be made by such executive officers.

(c)      Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more
committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). The Board shall
appoint one such Committee of not less than two members, each member of which
shall be an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code
and a "non-employee director" as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act. All references in the Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or
a Committee of the Board or the executive officer referred to in Section 3(b) to
the extent that the Board's powers or authority under the Plan have been
delegated to such Committee or executive officer.

4.       Stock Available for Awards

(a)      Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 9, Awards may be
made under the Plan for up to 119,000 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value,
of the Company (the "Common Stock"). If any Award expires or is terminated,
surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised or is forfeited in
whole or in part or results in any Common Stock not being issued, the unused
Common Stock covered by such Award shall again be available for the grant of
Awards under the Plan, subject, however, in the case of Incentive Stock Options
(as hereinafter defined), to any limitation required under the Code. Shares
issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued
shares or treasury shares.

5.       Stock Options

(a)      General. The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock (each, an
"Option") and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by
each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and
limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions
relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers
necessary or advisable. An Option which is not intended to be an Incentive Stock
Option (as hereinafter defined) shall be designated a "Nonstatutory Stock
Option".

(b)      Incentive Stock Options. An Option that the Board intends to be an
"incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code (an "Incentive
Stock Option") shall only be granted to employees of the Company and shall be
subject to and shall be
<PAGE>
construed consistently with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. The
Company shall have no liability to a Participant, or any other party, if an
Option (or any part thereof) which is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option
is not an Incentive Stock Option.

(c)      Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at the
time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option agreement;
provided, however, that the exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the
fair market value of the Common Stock, as determined by the Board, at the time
the Option is granted, or par value, if greater.

(d)      Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and
subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the applicable
option agreement; provided, however, that no Option will be granted for a term
in excess of 10 years.

(e)      Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the Company
of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any other form
of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board together with
payment in full as specified in Section 5(f) for the number of shares for which
the Option is exercised.

(f)      Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an
Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

(1)      in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

(2)      except as the Board may, in its sole discretion, otherwise provide in
an option agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional
undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company
sufficient funds to pay the exercise price or (ii) delivery by the Participant
to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a
creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check
sufficient to pay the exercise price;

(3)      when the Common Stock is registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, by delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued
at their fair market value as determined by (or in a manner approved by) the
Board in good faith ("Fair Market Value"), provided (i) such method of payment
is then permitted under applicable law and (ii) such Common Stock was owned by
the Participant at least six months prior to such delivery;


                                       3
<PAGE>
(4)      to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole discretion by (i)
delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the Company on terms
determined by the Board, or (ii) payment of such other lawful consideration as
the Board may determine; or

(5)      by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.

6.       Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

(a)      Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the terms of each other outstanding Award shall be appropriately adjusted
by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if applicable) to the extent
the Board shall determine, in good faith, that such an adjustment (or
substitution) is necessary and appropriate. If this Section 9(a) applies and
Section 9(c) also applies to any event, Section 9(c) shall be applicable to such
event, and this Section 9(a) shall not be applicable.

(b)      Liquidation or Dissolution. In the event of a proposed liquidation or
dissolution of the Company, the Board shall upon written notice to the
Participants provide that all then unexercised Options will (i) become
exercisable in full as of a specified time at least 10 business days prior to
the effective date of such liquidation or dissolution and (ii) terminate
effective upon such liquidation or dissolution, except to the extent exercised
before such effective date.

(c)      Acquisition Events

                  (1) Definition. An "Acquisition Event" shall mean: (a) any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result
of which the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for the right to
receive cash, securities or other property or (b) any exchange of shares of the
Company for cash, securities or other property pursuant to a statutory share
exchange transaction.

                  (2) Consequences of an Acquisition Event on Options. Upon the
occurrence of an Acquisition Event, or the execution by the Company of any
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Event, the Board shall provide that all
outstanding Options shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof). For purposes hereof, an Option shall be considered to be assumed if,
following consummation of the Acquisition Event, the Option confers the right to
purchase, for each share of Common Stock subject to the


                                       4
<PAGE>
Option immediately prior to the consummation of the Acquisition Event, the
consideration (whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result
of the Acquisition Event by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common
Stock held immediately prior to the consummation of the Acquisition Event (and
if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration
chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock);
provided, however, that if the consideration received as a result of the
Acquisition Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the consent of the
acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the consideration to be
received upon the exercise of Options to consist solely of common stock of the
acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) equivalent in fair
market value to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as a result of the Acquisition Event.

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to the foregoing assumption
of, or substitution for, such Options, then the Board shall, upon written notice
to the Participants, provide that all then unexercised Options will become
exercisable in full as of a specified time prior to the Acquisition Event and
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Acquisition Event,
except to the extent exercised by the Participants before the consummation of
such Acquisition Event; provided, however, that in the event of an Acquisition
Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon
consummation thereof a cash payment for each share of Common Stock surrendered
pursuant to such Acquisition Event (the "Acquisition Price"), then the Board may
instead provide that all outstanding Options shall terminate upon consummation
of such Acquisition Event and that each Participant shall receive, in exchange
therefor, a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by which (A) the
Acquisition Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock subject to
such outstanding Options (whether or not then exercisable), exceeds (B) the
aggregate exercise price of such Options.

7.       General Provisions Applicable to Awards

(a)      Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise determine
or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged
or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are granted, either
voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only
by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the
context, shall include references to authorized transferees.


                                       5
<PAGE>
(b)      Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced by a written instrument in
such form as the Board shall determine; such written instrument may be in the
form of an agreement signed by the Company and the Participant or a written or
electronic confirming memorandum from the Company to the Participant. Each Award
may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

(c)      Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each Award
may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of
each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat Participants
uniformly.

(d)      Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on an Award
of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or other
change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to
which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise
rights under the Award.

(e)      Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, Participants may, to the extent then permitted under
applicable law, satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of
shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the Award creating the
tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value. The Company may, to the
extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations from any payment of any
kind otherwise due to a Participant.

(f)      Amendment of Award. The Board may amend, modify or terminate any
outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another
Award of the same or a different type, changing the date of exercise or
realization, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonstatutory Stock
Option, provided that the Participant's consent to such action shall be required
unless the Board determines that the action, taking into account any related
action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.

(g)      Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove
restrictions from shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all
conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the
Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company's counsel, all other legal matters
in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied,
including any applicable securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or
stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and
delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the


                                       6
<PAGE>
Company may consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable
laws, rules or regulations.

(h)      Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Options shall
become immediately exercisable in full or in part.

(i)      Deferral. An optionee who is entitled, by authority of the Board of
Directors, to defer his or her compensation pursuant to any deferred
compensation plan maintained by the Company may elect, in accordance with rules
established by the Board, to defer receipt of any shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of an option, provided that such election is
irrevocable and made at least that number of days prior to the exercise of the
option which shall be determined by the Board. The optionee's account under such
deferred compensation plan shall be credited with a number of stock units equal
to the number of shares so deferred.

8.      Miscellaneous

(a)      No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any claim
or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

(b)      No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the applicable
Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights as a
stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with
respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the
Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the
number of shares subject to such Option are adjusted as of the date of the
distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such
dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option between the record date and
the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive, on
the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common
Stock acquired upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such
shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for
such stock dividend.

(c)      Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on the
date on which it is adopted by the Board, but no Award granted to a Participant
designated by the Board as subject to Section 162(m) of the Code by the Board
shall become exercisable, vested or realizable, as applicable to such Award,
unless and until the Plan has been approved by the Company's stockholders to the
extent stockholder approval is


                                       7
<PAGE>
required by Section 162(m) in the manner required under Section 162(m)
(including the vote required under Section 162(m)). No Awards shall be granted
under the Plan after the completion of ten years from the earlier of (i) the
date on which the Plan was adopted by the Board or (ii) the date the Plan was
approved by the Company's stockholders, but Awards previously granted may extend
beyond that date.

(d)      Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan
or any portion thereof at any time, provided that to the extent required by
Section 162(m) of the Code, no Award granted to a Participant designated as
subject to Section 162(m) by the Board after the date of such amendment shall
become exercisable, realizable or vested, as applicable to such Award (to the
extent that such amendment to the Plan was required to grant such Award to a
particular Participant), unless and until such amendment shall have been
approved by the Company's stockholders as required by Section 162(m) (including
the vote required under Section 162(m)).

(e)      Provisions for Foreign Employees. The Board may, without amending the
Plan, modify options granted to employees who are foreign naturals or who are
employed outside the United States to recognize differences in laws, rules,
regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax,
securities, currency, employee benefits or other matters.

(f)      Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made hereunder
shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to any applicable conflicts of
law.


                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
