<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>coinsure.txt
<TEXT>
                              COINSURANCE AGREEMENT


THIS COINSURANCE  AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into effective
as of the ___ day of  December,  2002 (the  "Execution  Date"),  by and  between
SECURITY NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a corporation organized under the laws
of the state of Utah  (hereinafter  referred to as "Coinsurer") and ACADIAN LIFE
INSURANCE  COMPANY,  a  corporation  organized  under  the laws of the  state of
Louisiana   (hereinafter   referred  to  as  "Ceding")   (Coinsurer  and  Ceding
collectively, the "Parties").

                                   WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS,  Ceding  and  Coinsurer  desire to enter into a  Coinsurance  Agreement
pursuant to which Ceding and Coinsurer will agree to reinsure all of the assumed
liabilities  relating only to Policies included within the Reinsured Policies as
defined in Section 1.1(d) below;

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration  and mutual promises and covenants  contained
herein,  and  in  reliance  upon  representations,  warranties,  conditions  and
covenants  contained  herein,  and  intending to be legally  bound,  the parties
hereto agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

1.1      Certain Terms Defined.

          When  used in this  Agreement,  the  following  terms  shall  have the
          meanings set forth below:

          (a)  "Extra-Contractual  Obligations"  shall mean any  amount  awarded
               against  Ceding or for which  Ceding  is in any way  liable  that
               exceeds the amount that Ceding is contractually obligated to pay.
               The foregoing includes,  without  limitation,  damages awarded in
               addition to policy benefits, as well as tort damages,  awarded as
               a result of  conduct by Ceding or its  agents or  employees.  The
               foregoing  includes,  without  limitation,  any  amounts  paid by
               Ceding  over  and  above  the  contract  liability  as  part of a
               settlement.     Without     limitation    of    the    foregoing,
               "Extra-Contractual  Obligations"  include  punitive  damages  (as
               commonly understood and which in any event are damages awarded as
               a penalty  or as damage for  certain  conduct)  and  compensatory
               damages  (amounts  awarded to compensate  for the actual  damages
               sustained).  Nothing in this paragraph is intended to include the
               trust  agreements  as described in the Asset  Purchase  Agreement
               dated June 15, 2001, among Gulf National Life Insurance  Company,
               Gulf Holdings, Inc., the Gulf Group, Inc., Acadian Life Insurance
               Company   and  Acadian   Financial   Group,   Inc.   (the  "Trust
               Agreements")  that,  while not part of the  policy  language,  do
               constitute  an obligation  requiring  additional  reserves.  Said
               Trust  Agreements  are being  assigned by Ceding to, and accepted
               by, Coinsurer.

          (b)  "Policies"  shall  mean the  contracts  of  insurance  issued  or
               assumed by Ceding in respect of which  reinsurance is applied for
               and/or placed pursuant to this agreement in whole or in part.

          (c)  "Coinsurance  Cession"  shall mean the insurance  transferred  to
               Coinsurer by Ceding on a policy.

          (d)  "Reinsured  Policies"  shall mean all the  insurance  policies in
               force  to  be  transferred  to  Coinsurer  that  are  listed  and
               described on the compact disk (CD) attached  hereto as Exhibit I.
               The  Policies in Exhibit I include in force  policies  (including
               policies   which   may  be  lapsed   subject   to  the  right  of
               reinstatement,  policies not lapsed but in arrears,  and policies
               in force  and in effect as paid up and  extended  term  policies)
               with premiums paid and their face amounts, insured, and all other
               characteristics  are  accurately  reflected.  Reinsured  Policies
               shall also include all policies  written by Ceding under  similar
               terms  and  conditions,  in the  state  of  Mississippi  from the
               Effective Date through termination of this treaty.


                                   ARTICLE II
                         REINSURANCE CEDED AND ACCEPTED

2.1.     Effective Date

          The Effective Date shall be September 30, 2002, at 11:59:59 p.m. (CDT)
          subsequent  to  Ceding's  recapture  of the  insurance  in force  from
          Scottish Re (U.S.),  Inc. on September 30, 2002, at 11:59 p.m.  (CDT).
          Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary,  Coinsurer
          shall  incur no  liability  hereafter  until the  Initial  Coinsurance
          Premium has been paid. If any amounts due under this treaty, including
          those due under paragraph 4.1, 5.3, and 2.7 are not paid,  Coinsurer's
          liability shall be reduced accordingly.

2.2.     Reinsurance Ceded and Accepted

          Subject to paragraph 2.1, Coinsurer hereby agrees to assume all of the
          risks (including deaths, surrenders, disability, accidental deaths and
          dismemberment)  only on the Reinsured Policies listed and described in
          Exhibit  I  as  of  the  Effective  Date  of  this  Agreement.  Ceding
          represents  and warrants that each of the Policies in Exhibit I are in
          force (including  policies which may be lapsed subject to the right of
          reinstatement,  policies  not lapsed but in arrears,  and  policies in
          force  and in  effect  as paid up and  extended  term  policies)  with
          premiums   paid  and  its  face   amount,   insured,   and  all  other
          characteristics is accurately reflected. The acceptance of risks under
          this  Agreement  will  create no right or legal  relation  between the
          Coinsurer and the insured policy owner or beneficiary of any insurance
          policy or other contract of Ceding.

2.3.     Liability

          Coinsurer  accepts  liability for all of the risks under the Reinsured
          Policies on eligible lives for all benefits  occurring on or after the
          Effective  Date of this  Agreement.  The liability of Coinsurer on any
          policy shall  commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and end
          simultaneously with that of Ceding. Notwithstanding anything which may
          be to the  contrary,  Coinsurer  shall  not be  liable at any time for
          Extra-Contractual Obligations. It is understood and agreed that Ceding
          is  ceding  all of  the  Reinsured  Policies  to  Coinsurer  as of the
          Effective  Date.   Notwithstanding   Coinsurer's  obligations  in  the
          Agreement,  including the first  sentence of this  paragraph 2.3, from
          the Effective Date of this  Agreement  until the last day of the month
          in which the Execution Date occurs,  Ceding will be wholly responsible
          for any and all risks  related  to the  Reinsured  Policies  and shall
          operate in the ordinary course of business.  Coinsurer shall be wholly
          responsible  for any and all risks related to the  Reinsured  Policies
          following  the last  day of the  month in  which  the  Execution  Date
          occurs,  including  any  potential  or actual  decline in the level or
          number of insurance Policies included within the Reinsured Policies.

2.4.     Errors and Omissions

          It is expressly  understood  and agreed that if failure to comply with
          any  terms of this  Agreement  is shown  to be  unintentional  and the
          result  of  errors  or  omissions  on the  part of  either  Ceding  or
          Coinsurer, both Ceding and Coinsurer shall be restored to the position
          they would have occupied had no such error or omission occurred. If it
          is not possible to restore  each party to the  position  that it would
          have occupied,  the parties will endeavor in good faith to resolve the
          situation  in a manner that is fair and  reasonable  and most  closely
          approximates the intent of this Agreement.

2.5.     Currency

          All figures and premiums in this Agreement are in U.S. dollars.

2.6.     Right to Assume Reinsured Policies

          Coinsurer  reserves the right to assume all right,  title and interest
          to the Reinsured  Policies  listed and described on Exhibit I, as well
          as all other  similar  policies  written by Ceding under similar terms
          and  conditions,  in the state of Mississippi  from the Effective Date
          through  termination  of this treaty,  with an assumption  reinsurance
          agreement  (the  "Assumption   Reinsurance  Agreement")  in  the  form
          attached  hereto as  Exhibit II at any time but in any event not later
          than  nine  (9)  months  subsequent  to the  Execution  Date  of  this
          Agreement,  subject to all regulatory  approvals as required by law of
          the insurance  department of the State of Louisiana.  In the event (i)
          Ceding  comes under any  supervision  by a state  regulator  or in the
          event Ceding shall (ii) apply for or consent in the appointment of, or
          the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian,  regulator trustee
          or liquidator of itself or of all or a substantial part of its assets,
          (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv)
          commence a voluntary case under the Federal  Bankruptcy Code, (v) file
          a petition  seeking to take  advantage  of any other law  relating  to
          bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or winding up, or (vi) take any
          action  for  the  purpose  of  effecting  any of the  foregoing,  or a
          proceeding  or case shall be  commenced  without  the  application  or
          consent  of  Ceding in any  court or forum of  competent  jurisdiction
          seeking   (a)  its   liquidation,   reorganization,   dissolution   or
          winding-up,  (b) the  appointment of a trustee,  receiver,  custodian,
          liquidator or the like of Ceding or of all or any substantial  part of
          its assets,  or (c) similar  relief in respect of Ceding under any law
          relating  to  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or winding up,
          Coinsurer and Ceding shall be deemed to have  converted this Agreement
          to  the  Assumption  Reinsurance  Agreement  one  day  prior  to  such
          insolvency  or other  actions  described  in this  Paragraph  2.6, and
          Coinsurer shall be deemed to have assumed the Reinsured Policies as of
          one day prior to the date thereof.

2.7.     Transfer of Assets

          On or before the expiration of ninety (90) days following the last day
          of the month in which the Execution Date occurs,  Ceding shall deliver
          or cause to be delivered to Coinsurer any additional  assets as may be
          necessary to result in final  delivery to Coinsurer of assets equal to
          the total reserves applicable to the Reinsured Policies as of the last
          day of the month in which the Execution  Date occurs.  Conversely,  if
          the assets  delivered  by Ceding to Coinsurer  on the  Execution  Date
          exceed the total reserves  applicable to the Reinsured  Policies as of
          the  last  day of the  month  in  which  the  Execution  Date  occurs,
          Coinsurer shall return to Ceding assets having a statutory value equal
          to such  excess,  on or before  the  expiration  of  ninety  (90) days
          following  the last  day of the  month in  which  the  Execution  Date
          occurs.  Ceding  shall be  entitled  to the income  received  from the
          Reinsured Policies,  including the net investment income,  through the
          last day of the month in which the Execution Date occurs.


                                   ARTICLE III
                               ACTUARIAL RESERVES

3.1.     Statutory Reserves Basis

          On the Effective Date and  throughout the duration of this  Agreement,
          the  reserves  (the  "Coinsurance  Reserves")  shall be those  used by
          Ceding and approved by Coinsurer and the insurance  departments of the
          States of Louisiana  and Utah in the  calculation  as of September 30,
          2002,  at  11:59p.m.  (CDT))  as they  appear  in the  NAIC  Quarterly
          Statement  filed by Ceding.  To the extent approval cannot be obtained
          from any of such  insurance  departments,  Ceding shall have presented
          the  methodology  for the  calculation  of reserves to such  insurance
          departments and received no objection thereto.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                                  TRANSACTIONS

4.1.     Initial Coinsurance Premium

          On the last  Execution  Date,  Ceding  shall pay  Coinsurer an initial
          coinsurance  premium in cash or assets  acceptable  to Coinsurer in an
          amount equal to the full Coinsurance Reserves (as defined in Paragraph
          3.1), including the Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR) reserve as of the
          Effective Date.



4.2.     Ceding Commission

          The  ceding  commission  to be paid by  Coinsurer  to  Ceding  for the
          Reinsured  Policies shall be the recapture amount to be paid by Ceding
          to Scottish Re (U.S.),  Inc.  currently  estimated  to be  $10,254,803
          pursuant to the  Automatic  Coinsurance  Agreement  dated June 1, 2001
          (Treaty No. 1001), between Ceding and Scottish Re (U.S.), Inc., but in
          any event such commission shall not exceed $10,300,000.


                                    ARTICLE V
                ADMINISTRATION, PREMIUMS, ALLOWANCES AND BENEFITS

5.1.     General

          Coinsurer shall provide all of the administrative services and assumes
          all  liability  for the  payment of all legal  obligations,  including
          claims, commissions,  and expenses, not otherwise excluded herein, for
          the  Reinsured  Policies  following the last day of the month in which
          the  Execution  Date occurs.  Ceding  agrees to provide any  necessary
          accommodations  or  assignments  to  effectuate  the  intent  of  this
          Agreement,  including  premium  collections,   billings,  and  use  of
          licenses to insure that all premiums  are paid to Coinsurer  following
          the  last  day of the  month  in  which  the  Execution  Date  occurs.
          Coinsurer agrees to perform the  administrative  services with a level
          of  skill,  diligence,  care and  expertise  that is  consistent  with
          industry  standards  for an  administrator  of the  types of  policies
          coinsured  hereunder  and shall also comply in all  material  respects
          with all  applicable  laws and the  terms of the  Reinsured  Policies.
          Coinsurer  hereby  covenants that it will employ and retain staff with
          the  experience,  skill and  expertise  to perform the  administrative
          services in a manner  consistent  with the standards set forth herein.
          Unless specifically mutually agreed otherwise,  Coinsurer shall follow
          the standard industry  practices with respect to premium  collections,
          changes, reductions, terminations, reinstatements, and the calculation
          and  payment of  non-forfeiture  benefits.  Ceding  shall  deliver the
          policy forms and policy  jackets of the  Reinsured  Policies,  and all
          other  procedures,  documents  and systems  relating to the  Reinsured
          Policies.  Coinsurer  will be  responsible  for negligent  acts or for
          errors while providing  administrative services during the term of the
          Agreement.

5.2.      Policy Loans

          Coinsurer shall be responsible to calculate,  dispense and account for
          all  policy  loans,  following  the last day of the month in which the
          Execution Date occurs.

5.3.     Coinsurance Premiums

          The Coinsurance premiums payable by Ceding to Coinsurer shall be equal
          to all of the premiums  collected by Ceding on the Reinsured  Policies
          following  the last  day of the  month in  which  the  Execution  Date
          occurs.

5.4.     Allowances

          Allowances to be paid to Ceding (which include reimbursement for state
          premium tax) shall be equal to the gross premium taxes due on premiums
          collected  following  the last day of the month in which the Execution
          Date  occurs.  Reinsurer  shall also  reimburse  Ceding for any actual
          expenses  incurred by Ceding in order to comply  with this  Agreement,
          provided  the  Parties  have  agreed in writing  in  advance  for such
          reimbursements.

5.5.     Claims and other Policy Benefits

          Coinsurer  will be liable for all of the policy  benefits  on Policies
          ceded  hereunder  to the same  extent as  Ceding  is  liable  for such
          benefits toward the insured. Coinsurer is not liable for and Ceding is
          not ceding any policy issued to an insured whose death  occurred prior
          to the Effective Date and for which a death claim has been received by
          Ceding  prior to the  Effective  Date.  All claims of every nature and
          description  originating  and arising prior and including the last day
          of the  month  in which  the  Execution  Date  occurs  under  policies
          included in the  Reinsured  Policies  shall be paid and  discharged by
          Ceding.  All claims  originating and arising after the last day of the
          month in which the Execution Date occurs and relating to the Reinsured
          Policies  shall  be paid by  Coinsurer.  Coinsurer  will  receive  the
          Incurred  But Not  Reported  (IBNR)  reserve  to cover  its  liability
          following  the last  day of the  month in  which  the  Execution  Date
          occurs.

5.6.     Dividends

          For  policyholders'  dividends,  Coinsurer  shall be liable for all of
          such  dividends,  provided  such  dividends  have been declared by the
          board of directors of Ceding on the basis of  recommendations  made by
          Coinsurer, or are contractually guaranteed prior to Effective Date.

5.7.     Authorization for Payment

          Coinsurer will follow usual and customary  procedures and decisions on
          all claims and settlements,  and it agrees to hold harmless Ceding for
          any and all  damages  related  to the  payment  of any such  claims or
          settlements.  Ceding  agrees to hold harmless  Coinsurer  from (i) any
          claims by any third parties to the ownership or options to acquire the
          ownership  of any of the  assets,  tangible,  intangible,  movable  or
          immovable,  covered by this  Agreement,  (ii) any claims to be paid or
          discharged  by  Ceding  and  (iii)  any  and  all  monetary   damages,
          liabilities,    fines,   fees,   penalties,    interest   obligations,
          deficiencies,  losses,  costs, and expenses (including reasonable fees
          and expenses of attorneys, accountants,  actuaries, and other experts)
          solely related to the Reinsured  Policies resulting from any breach of
          Ceding of any representation,  warranty, covenant or agreement made by
          Ceding  in  this  Agreement.  The  indemnity  provisions  provided  in
          subsection  (iii) of the preceding  sentence  shall only apply to such
          claims presented in writing to Ceding on or after the Execution Date.

5.8.      Reporting

          All the amounts  referred to in Paragraphs 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6 shall
          be reported to  Coinsurer by Ceding on a bulk basis at the end of each
          quarter. When an amount is due to Coinsurer according to the quarterly
          report,  payment will  accompany the report.  When an amount is due to
          Ceding,  Coinsurer shall pay it within thirty (30) days of the receipt
          of such report.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                            REPORTING AND ACCOUNTING

6.1.     Accounting Period

          Each  accounting  period  under  this  Agreement  will  be a  calendar
          quarter,  except that: (a) the initial accounting period will run from
          the  Effective  Date of this  Agreement  through  the  last day of the
          calendar  quarter  during which the Effective  Date of this  Agreement
          falls,  and (b) the final  accounting  period will run from the end of
          the  preceding  accounting  period until the  assumption  date of this
          Agreement  as  described  in  Paragraph  2.6,  if any,  or  until  the
          termination of the last policy in force, whichever occurs first.

6.2.     Quarterly Accounting Reports

          Ceding and Coinsurer shall prepare  quarterly  accounting  reports and
          submit them to each other  within  thirty (30) days of the end of each
          calendar quarter.

6.3.     Inspection of Records

          Ceding  and  Coinsurer  shall  each have the right to  inspect  at any
          reasonable  time,  at the  office  of the other  party,  all files and
          documents relating to the reinsurance under this Agreement.


                                   ARTICLE VII
                                    RECAPTURE

7.1.     Recapture

          Ceding shall not have the option to recapture  the business  reinsured
          hereunder unless agreed to by Coinsurer in writing.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                   ARBITRATION

8.1.     Principle

          If Ceding and Coinsurer  cannot mutually resolve a dispute that arises
          out of, or relates to,  this  Agreement,  the dispute  will be decided
          through binding arbitration.  To initiate arbitration either Ceding or
          Coinsurer  will  notify  the other  party in  writing of its desire to
          arbitrate  stating  generally the nature of the dispute and the relief
          sought. The party to which the written notice is sent shall respond to
          the notification in writing within fourteen (14) days of its receipt.

8.2.     Arbitration.

          Unless the parties  otherwise  agree in  writing,  there will be three
          arbitrators.  Each party will designate one  arbitrator  within thirty
          (30) days after the first written notice is given of  arbitration.  If
          either party refuses or neglects to appoint an  arbitrator  within the
          original  thirty (30) day period or within  twenty (20) days after the
          other party has given  written  notice to the other of its  arbitrator
          appointment,  whichever  later  occurs,  the  party  that has  already
          selected  an  arbitrator  will  appoint a second  arbitrator.  The two
          arbitrators  shall endeavor to select a third  arbitrator.  If the two
          arbitrators  cannot agree on the third  arbitrator  within twenty (20)
          days of the  appointment of the second  arbitrator then Ceding and the
          Coinsurer  will  each  name  three  candidates  to serve as the  third
          arbitrator.   Beginning   with  the  party   that  did  not   initiate
          arbitration,  each party will  eliminate  one  candidate  form the six
          until  one  remains.  If  this  candidate  declines  to  serve  as the
          arbitrator,  then the candidate last  eliminated will be approached to
          serve.  This process will be repeated  until a candidate  has agree to
          serve  as  the  third  arbitrator.  The  three  arbitrators  are to be
          impartial  regarding the dispute.  Each of the  arbitrators  will be a
          current  of former  executive  officer of a life  insurance  or a life
          reinsurance  company other that the parties to this  agreement,  their
          affiliates or  subsidiaries  or any other company which would have and
          involvement  with the parties to the extent that the  arbitrate  would
          not be impartial.

8.3      Procedures

          The  arbitrators  will base their decision on the terms and conditions
          of this Agreement and the customers and practices of the insurance and
          reinsurance  industries along with statutory and decisional law of the
          state of Utah,  or if there is not  applicable  decisional  law in the
          state of Utah, then the arbitrators may refer to other  decisional law
          within the United  States as the  arbitrators  deem  appropriate.  The
          arbitration  hearing will be held in Jackson,  Mississippi.  A hearing
          will  commence no later than one hundred  eighty  (180) days after the
          appointment of the third arbitrator  unless otherwise agreed to by the
          parties in writing.  As soon as  reasonably  possible the  arbitrators
          will  establish  arbitration  procedures as warranted by the facts and
          issues of the  particular  case.  The  arbitrators  may utilize  those
          procedures which appear to be appropriate from the commercial rules of
          the American Arbitration Association. A date will be established prior
          to the  arbitration  hearing  when each party is to provide  the other
          party and the arbitrators a statement of the facts and arguments to be
          presented at the arbitration  hearing.  The arbitrators  will have the
          power to decide all substantive  procedural  rules of the arbitration,
          including but not limited to inspection of documents,  examination  of
          witnesses   and  any  other   matter   relating  the  conduct  of  the
          arbitration.

8.4      Decision

          The decision of the arbitrators is to be made a majority rule and will
          be  submitted  in the  writing  and will be final and  binding  on the
          Parties, subject to any appeal or motion to vacate or modify. Any such
          appeal or motion to  vacate or modify  must be filed  with the  United
          States  District  Court for the District of Utah and the basis for any
          such  appeal of motions  is  limited  to that set for the in  Sections
          78-31a-14,15 of the Utah  Arbitration  Act. The parties agree that the
          determination  of the  arbitrators  and award,  if any, may be entered
          with the federal court located in Salt Lake County,  State of Utah and
          the  determination  and award, if any, may then be enforced amount the
          Parties,  as if  entered  by a court at the  conclusion  of a judicial
          proceeding  at which no appeal  was taken.  When  seeking to enter the
          award with a court,  the applicable Utah  arbitration or statutory law
          or  Federal  Arbitration  Act,  as  appropriate,  will  govern  as the
          procedure and what may be brought to the attention of the court.

8.5.     Costs

          Unless  the  arbitrators  decide  otherwise,  each party will bear the
          expense of its own  arbitration  activities,  including  its appointed
          arbitrator and witness fees. The parties will jointly bear the expense
          of the  third  arbitrator.  Each  Party is to bear its own  attorney's
          fees.

8.6.     Applicable Law

          Should there be improprieties in the arbitration  process or if one of
          the Parties objects to the implementation of the arbitration  process,
          the laws of the State of Mississippi shall then apply.


                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   INSOLVENCY

9.1.     Payment of Claims

          In the event of  insolvency  of Ceding,  any amounts owed by Coinsurer
          under this  Agreement  shall be paid by Coinsurer  directly to Ceding,
          its liquidator,  receiver or statutory successor,  and Coinsurer shall
          be  deemed  to  have   converted  this  Agreement  to  the  Assumption
          Reinsurance  Agreement  one day prior to such  insolvency  pursuant to
          Paragraph 2.6.

9.2.     Right to Offset

          In the event of the  insolvency  of either  Coinsurer  or Ceding,  any
          amounts owed by  Coinsurer  to Ceding and by Ceding to Coinsurer  with
          respect to this and all other reinsurance agreements between Coinsurer
          and Ceding,  shall be offset against each other with the balance to be
          paid by the appropriate party.

9.3.     Insolvency Definition

          For purposes of this Article IX,  "insolvency"  encompasses  the items
          set forth in  Section  2.6(i),  (ii),  (iii),  (iv),  (v) and (vi) and
          Section 2.6(a), (b) and (c).



                                    ARTICLE X
                          DEFERRED ACQUISITION COST TAX

Coinsurer  and  Ceding  mutually  agree to the  following  pursuant  to  Section
1.848-2(g)(8)  of the Income Tax Regulations  issued on December 29, 1992 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

          (a)  The Party with net positive  consideration  for the  Agreement(s)
               for each taxable year shall compute specified policy  acquisition
               expenses without regard to the general  deductions  limitation of
               Section 848(c)(1).

          (b)  Coinsurer and Ceding agree to exchange information  pertaining to
               the amount of net consideration as determined for all reinsurance
               Agreements in force between them to ensure  consistency or as may
               otherwise be required by the Internal Revenue Service.

          (c)  Ceding will submit a schedule  to  Coinsurer  by April 1st of its
               calculation of the net consideration  for the preceding  calendar
               year. This calculation shall be accompanied by a statement signed
               by an  officer of Ceding  stating  that it will  report  such net
               consideration in its tax return for the preceding calendar year.

          (d)  Coinsurer  shall advise  Ceding if it disagrees  with the amounts
               provided and Ceding and Coinsurer  agree to amicably  resolve any
               difference.  The  amounts  provided  by Ceding  shall be presumed
               correct if it does not receive a response from  Coinsurer  within
               30 days after  receipt by Coinsurer of these amounts or by May 30
               of the current year.


                                   ARTICLE XI
                                    EXECUTION

11.1. Parties to the Agreement

     This is an Agreement solely between Ceding and Coinsurer.  There will be no
     legal  relationship  between Coinsurer and any person having an interest of
     any kind in any of Ceding's  insurance,  or between Coinsurer and any other
     Coinsurer, or between Coinsurer and any other third party.

11.2. Waiver

     Any term or  condition of this  Agreement  may be waived at any time by the
     party that is entitled to benefit  thereof.  Such waiver must be in writing
     and must be executed by an executive officer of such party. A waiver on one
     occasion  will not be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other breach
     or  nonfulfillment  on a future occasion.  All remedies,  either under this
     Agreement,  or by law or,  otherwise  afforded,  will be cumulative and not
     alternative.

11.3. Amendment

     This  Agreement may be modified or amended only in writing duly executed by
     each of the Parties.

11.4. Counterparts

     This  Agreement may be executed  simultaneously  in  counterparts,  each of
     which will be deemed an original,  but all of which,  when taken  together,
     will constitute one and the same instrument.

11.5. Governing Law

     This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
     with the laws of the State of Mississippi (without regard to the principles
     of conflicts of law)  applicable to a contract  executed and performable in
     such state.

11.6. Binding Effect

     This Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties
     and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

11.7. No Assignment

     Neither this Agreement nor any right or obligation hereunder or part hereof
     may be assigned by any party hereto  without the prior  written  consent of
     the other party hereto (and any attempt to do so will be void).

11.8. Entirety

     This Agreement  shall  constitute the entire  Agreement  between Ceding and
     Coinsurer with respect to the business  reinsured  hereunder.  There are no
     understandings between Ceding and Coinsurer other than as expressed in this
     Agreement.

11.9. Due Diligence

     Each party to this Agreement hereby  acknowledges that it has received from
     the  other  party  all  information  requested  and  has  had  an  adequate
     opportunity to investigate all aspects of this transaction.  Each party has
     done its own due diligence with respect to this  transaction,  and each has
     hired and relied upon the advice of its own attorneys,  financial advisors,
     and such other  advisors  as such party has deemed  necessary  to  evaluate
     properly all aspects of this transaction.  Each party further  acknowledges
     that no  representations  have  been  made  by any  party  concerning  this
     transaction,  except as  specifically  set  forth  herein or in one or more
     written agreements between the parties.

11.10. Invalid Provisions

     If any  provision  of this  Agreement  is held to be illegal,  invalid,  or
     unenforceable  under  any  present  or  future  law,  and if the  rights or
     obligations  under this  Agreement  will not be  materially  and  adversely
     affected  thereby,  (i) such provision will be fully  severable;  (ii) this
     Agreement  will be construed and enforced as if such illegal,  invalid,  or
     unenforceable  provision had never  comprised a part hereof;  and (iii) the
     remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect
     and  will  not  be  affected  by the  illegal,  invalid,  or  unenforceable
     provision or by its severance from this Agreement.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  each of the Parties hereto,  intending to be legally bound
hereby, have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written.

                                    ACADIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



                                    By:____________________________________
                                    Its:_____________________________



                                    SECURITY NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY




                                    By:______________________________________
                                    Its: _____________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
