<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10
<TEXT>
                                                       Exhibit 10.1

                        Agreement Between
                  MeadWestvaco Paper Group and
                      Ennis Business Forms


This  Agreement  between  Ennis  Business Forms, Desoto, Texas,  The
Mead  Corporation  and  Westvaco  Corporation   (Mead  and  Westvaco
collectively  referred   to   herein   as  "MeadWestvaco")  is  with
respect  to  the purchase  by  Ennis  Business Forms and  Supply  by
MeadWestvaco,  of  carbonless  paper  within  the United  States  of
America,  and  supercedes  any and all prior agreements between Mead
and Ennis Business Forms.

I.     Purchase and Supply Commitment

       A. During  the  term  of  this Agreement,  MeadWestvaco shall
          supply   to  Ennis  Business  Forms  and  Ennis   Business
          Forms   shall  purchase  from  MeadWestvaco,  one  hundred
          percent  of the requirements of Ennis Business  Forms  for
          carbonless copy paper for use by Ennis Business  forms  in
          Manufacturing   business   forms   ("Carbonless    Paper")
          provided  that MeadWestvaco may decline to sell Carbonless
          Paper  that is not a standard MeadWestvaco grade or weight
          and  further provided that if a customer of Ennis Business
          forms  refuses  to  accept forms printed  on  MeadWestvaco
          carbonless  Paper after MeadWestvaco had been  afforded  a
          reasonable  opportunity to persuade such customer  to  use
          MeadWestvaco Carbonless Paper, Ennis Business  forms  will
          be  excused from purchasing MeadWestvaco Carbonless  Paper
          for the production of such customer's forms.

       B. Should    Ennis   Business   Forms   sell   or    transfer
          ownership  in all or substantial portions of  its  assets,
          Ennis   agrees   to  stipulate  the  buyer   assumes   the
          obligations of this Agreement.  If MeadWestvaco sells  the
          Carbonless   Business   Unit,   MeadWestvaco   agrees   to
          stipulate that the buyer assumes the obligations  of  this
          Agreement.

II.    *

       A. *



III.   Agreement Period

       A. This    agreement  is  effective  commencing   August  29,
          2002 through *

       B. Thereafter,  this   Agreement   shall   be   automatically
          renewed  for  consecutive one year  periods.   Sixty  days
          before  the expiration of the Agreement and all subsequent
          one  year  extensions, Ennis will share with and MWV  will
          be  offered the opportunity to meet any competitive offers
          for  the  carbonless business. If MWV elects to  meet  the
          competitive offer, MWV will retain the business.


* Confidential information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

<PAGE>
IV.    Contract Pricing

       A. The    pricing  for  Carbonless  Paper   sold   to   Ennis
          Business Forms hereunder will be applicable prices as  set
          forth  on  Exhibit A attached.  Items invoiced  at  higher
          price will be rebated back to these price levels.

       B. *




       C. *




V.     *

       A. *




VI.    Inventory Control Programs

       A. MeadWestvaco  will  establish  controlled  inventory  or
          auto-replenishment programs in Ennis' plants of choice.

VII.   Terms and Conditions

       A. Terms: *

       B. Freight   Allowance:    Full  freight  allowed   in  the
          continental  United  States,  with  the   exception   of
          emergency shipment service.

       C. MeadWestvaco's   standard  terms  and conditions of sale
          shall govern all sales hereunder.

VIII.  Transition Teams

       A. MeadWestvaco   will   establish   transition   teams  to
          assist Ennis plants that are converted  to  MeadWestvaco
          Carbonless.

IX.    Technology Enhancement

       A. MeadWestvaco  will    provide   Ennis   with   technical
          support  and assistance for  the  development   of   B2B
          interfaces.



<PAGE>
X.     Purchasing Assistance

       A. MeadWestvaco   will  facilitate  discussions  with  their
          suppliers for the benefit of Ennis where possible.

XI.    *

XII.   MeadWestvaco Defaults

       Upon  the  happening of any of the following  events,  acts,
       occurrences of state of facts that is not cured within forty-
       five  (45)  days  after MeadWestvaco's  receipt  of  written
       notice from Ennis Business Forms, Ennis Business forms shall
       have  the  right to terminate this agreement immediately  by
       written notice to MeadWestvaco:

       A. MeadWestvaco   becomes   insolvent,  has  a  receiver  or
          trustee appointed  for  all or Part  of  its  assets  and
          business, executes  and delivers and assignment  for  the
          benefit  of its creditors or is liquidated, dissolved  or
          wound-up;

       B. The    institution    of    voluntary   or    involuntary
          proceedings  by   or  against  MeadWestvaco   under   the
          bankruptcy, insolvency  or  other  similar  laws  of  the
          United States, or;

       C. A   material  default  by  MeadWestvaco  of  any  of  its
          obligations hereunder.

XIII.  Ennis Business Forms Defaults

       Upon  the  happening of any of the following  events,  acts,
       occurrences or state of facts that is not cured within forty-
       five  (45)  days  after  Ennis Business  Forms'  receipt  of
       written notice from MeadWestvaco (except in the event  Ennis
       Business  Forms  does not pay the price  of  the  Carbonless
       Paper  when  due,  such cure shall only be  ten  (10)  days)
       MeadWestvaco shall have the right to terminate the Agreement
       immediately by written notice to Ennis Business Forms:

       A. Ennis   Business   Forms   becomes   insolvent,   has   a
          receiver or  trustee appointed for All  or  part  of  its
          assets and business, executes and delivers and assignment
          for  the benefit  of  its  creditors  or  is  liquidated,
          dissolved or wound-up;

       B. The    institution   of    voluntary    or    involuntary
          proceedings by or against Ennis Business Forms under  the
          bankruptcy,  insolvency  or  other similar  laws  of  the
          United States;

       C. A   material  default  by Ennis Business  Forms of any of
          its obligations hereunder.





<PAGE>

XIV.   Successors and Assigns

       The  provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon  and
       inure  to  the  benefit  of  the parties  Hereto  and  their
       respective successors and assigns; provided that  except  as
       provided herein, no party may assign, delegate, or otherwise
       transfer  any  of  its  rights  of  obligations  under  this
       Agreement without the consent of the other party hereto.

XV.    Waiver

       The  failure  of  any party to insist, in Any  one  or  more
       instances,  upon  the  performance  of  any  of  the  terms,
       covenants or conditions of this Agreement or to exercise any
       right  Hereunder  shall not operate or  be  construed  as  a
       waiver   of  that  party's  right  to  insist  upon   future
       performance  and  the  obligation of the  other  party  with
       respect  to such future performance shall continue  in  full
       force  and  effect  as if such failure or  delay  had  never
       occurred.   No  waiver  of  any  term,  condition  or  other
       provision  of  this Agreement shall be effective  against  a
       party unless acknowledged by such party in writing.

XVI.   Governing Law

       This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced
       in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio.

XVII.  Entire Agreement

       This  Agreement,  including the Schedules  attached  hereto,
       constitutes  the  entire agreement between MeadWestvaco  and
       Ennis  Business  forms with respect to  the  subject  matter
       hereof  and  shall supersede all previous oral  and  written
       proposals,  negotiations, representations,  commitments  and
       other communications between the parties with respect to the
       subject matter hereof.

XVIII. Amendments

       This  Agreement  may  not be released, discharged,  altered,
       amended,  modified  or renewed except by writing  signed  by
       duly authorized representatives of the parties.










<PAGE>

Ennis Business Forms



By:/s/Keith Walters                      Date:  8/28/02
   -------------------------                   -----------------------
   Keith Walters
   Chief Executive Officer





MeadWestvaco Paper Group



By:/s/Thomas D. Sharritt                 Date:  8/28/02
   -------------------------                   -----------------------
   Thomas D. Sharritt
   National Accounts Manager






























<PAGE>
                             Exhibit A

*






































* Two pages of confidential information omitted and filed separately
  with the SEC.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
