<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>isi8kexhibit22.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 2.2

     AGREEMENT  made as of March 11, 2003 by, and between  Interferon  Sciences,
Inc. ("Seller"), and Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. ("Buyer").

                                   WITNESSETH:
         In consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations
and warranties herein contained, and intending to be legally bound, the parties
agree as follows:

1.       LICENSE, TRANSFER AND CONVEYANCE OF SELLER'S ASSETS

         1.1 Transfer and conveyance of assets. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Buyer, in reliance upon the representations and
warranties of Seller made herein and in the schedules annexed hereto, will at
the Closing (hereinafter defined), acquire from Seller, and Seller will at the
Closing transfer and convey to Buyer, the following Seller's Assets ("Seller's
Assets"):

(a)  All of Seller's machinery,  furniture,  equipment and supplies as set forth
     and described on the Exhibit 1.1 of Machinery,  Furniture,  Equipment,  and
     Supplies.

(b)  All customer lists,  computer files, data and software,  books and records,
     manufacturing records and procedures, approval processes and approvals with
     and by the U.S.  Food  and  Drug  Administration  and all  other  property,
     patents,  trademarks  and rights of every kind and nature  owned or held by
     Seller on the date of Closing  relating to natural  alpha  interferon , its
     production, manufacture and sale.

(c)  The real estate known as 783 Jersey Avenue and 5 Jules Lane, New Brunswick,
     Middlesex Co., New Jersey - Block:  597.06,  Lots: 1, 2 & 3 ("Real Estate")
     and more fully described on the Schedule of Real Estate.

(d)  The contract rights described in the Schedule of Contract Rights.

         1.2 Encumb
rances. The Seller's Assets shall, at the time of Closing, be
free and clear of all obligations, security interests, liens, and encumbrances,
other than those resulting from the acts of Buyer.

     1.3  Consideration.  The consideration for Seller's Assets shall be payable
at Closing as set forth below:

(a)  a number of shares (the  "Guaranteed  Shares") of common  stock,  par value
     $.001 per share,  of the Buyer (the "Common  Stock") with a Market Value of
     $675,000 and a guaranteed value of $675,000 and an additional 62,500 shares
     (the "Unguaranteed Shares") of Common Stock without a guaranteed value. The
     Market Value shall mean $ 1.59. The Guaranteed  Shares and the Unguaranteed
     Shares are referred to collectively as the " Closing  Shares."  Exhibit 1.3
     sets forth Buyer's obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Shares.

(b)  Satisfaction  of  Seller's  obligation  to  G.P.  Strategies  Corp.  ("G.P.
     Strategies  Corp.  Obligation") to the extent and in the manner provided in
     the GP Strategies Forbearance and Settlement Agreement. (c) Satisfaction of
     Seller's  obligation to the American Red Cross ("Red Cross  Obligation") to
     the extent and in the manner provided in the American Red Cross Forbearance
     and Settlement  Agreement.  (d) Satisfaction of Seller's  obligation in the
     suit  pending  in the  Superior  Court of New  Jersey,  Chancery  Division,
     Middlesex County and styled,  M.D. SASS Municipal Finance Partners II, L.P.
     vs.  Interferon  Sciences,   Inc.,  et  al,  Case  Number  F-8653-02  ("Tax
     Litigation Obligation").

(e)  The Buyer  will pay the Seller 6% of the net sales of  interferon  alfa n-3
     products as described in Exhibit 1.3 (e).

     1.4 [Not used]

     1.5 Closing. The consummation of the transactions  contemplated herein (the
"Closing")  shall take place promptly after  satisfaction  of the conditions set
forth in Section  5.1.  The  Closing  shall take place at the offices of Buyer's
Counsel.

     1.6 Access and  information.  Between the date hereof and  Closing,  Seller
shall give Buyer and Buyer's  accountants,  counsel,  and other  representatives
access,  during normal business hours,  to Seller's books,  records,  contracts,
commitments and manufacturing and testing  processes.  Seller shall also furnish
Buyer  during such  period with all  information  concerning  the natural  alpha
interferon  business that Buyer  reasonably  requests.  Buyer and Buyer's agents
shall keep such information confidential until the sale is closed.

     1.7 Conduct of  business.  Seller  covenants,  represents,  and warrants in
favor of Buyer that pending  completion of the Closing,  unless otherwise agreed
to in writing by Buyer:

(a)  Seller shall carry and continue in force through the Closing,  fire, theft,
     liability  insurance for the Seller's  Assets.  The cost for such insurance
     shall be borne by the Buyer.  The Buyer agrees to pay all premiums for such
     insurance  when due. If a casualty  occurs  before  Closing,  the  parties'
     rights and liabilities shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.2

(b)  Seller  shall not dispose of any of its  machinery,  furniture or equipment
     without the Buyer's consent.


     2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER AND SELLER

     Seller  represents  and warrants as of the date hereof and as of Closing to
Buyer, as follows:

     2.1 Corporate organization.  Seller is a corporation, validly existing, and
in good standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware,  is duly qualified to
do  business  in the State of New Jersey,  and has full power and  authority  to
carry on its current business.

     2.2 Corporate  authority.  Seller's Board of Directors have duly authorized
the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement to Buyer and the carrying out of
its provisions and a majority of Seller's  shareholders  have executed a written
consent  approving  of and  agreeing to the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement.

     2.3 Compliance.  Except as disclosed on Exhibit 2.3 , neither the execution
and delivery of this  Agreement,  nor the  consummation  by Seller of any of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  will  result in a breach  of any  applicable
statute or regulation,  or of any  administrative or court order or decree;  nor
will  such  compliance  conflict  with or  result  in the  breach  of any  term,
provision,  covenant or condition of any agreement or other  instrument to which
Seller  is a party or by which it may be bound,  or,  which  with the  giving of
notice or lapse of time, or both, constitute an event of default thereunder.

     2.4  Litigation.  Except as disclosed on Exhibit 2.4, no suit,  action,  or
legal,   administrative,   arbitration,  or  other  proceeding  or  governmental
investigation is pending,  or to Seller's knowledge is threatened against Seller
or Seller's Assets,  which might materially or adversely affect Seller's Assets.
There is no outstanding  judgment,  decree,  or order against Seller,  except as
expressly disclosed herein, which affects Seller in any way.

     2.5  Effect of  agreement.  Subject  to the  satisfaction  of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
herein are valid, binding, and enforceable against Seller in accordance with
their terms, subject only to the applicable bankruptcy, moratorium, and other
laws generally affecting the rights and remedies of creditors.

     2.6 Good title.  Except as described  on Exhibit  2.6,  Seller has good and
marketable  title to the Seller's Assets being sold and  transferred  hereunder,
free and clear of all security interests, encumbrances or liens.


     2.7 Due performance.  Except as disclosed on Exhibit 2.7, Seller has in all
material  respects  performed  all  obligations  required to be  performed by it
under,  and is not in default in any material  respect under, or in violation in
any material  respect of, its  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or by-laws or any
agreement,  lease, mortgage, note, bond, indenture,  license, or other documents
or undertaking, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which it is bound,
and which may materially  effect Seller's Assets.  The execution and delivery of
this Agreement,  and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby,
will not result in any violation or default referred to in this paragraph.

     Buyer  represents  and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
to Seller, as follows:

     2.8  Organization  and  Qualification.  Buyer  is  a  corporation,  validly
existing in good  standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware  and has the
power and  authorization  to own its  properties and to carry on its business as
now being  conducted.  Buyer is duly qualified as a foreign  corporation,  to do
business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of
property or the nature of the business  conducted by it makes such qualification
necessary,  except to the extent  that the failure to be so  qualified  or be in
good  standing  would  not  have a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  As  used in this
Agreement,  "Material  Adverse Effect" means any material  adverse effect on the
business, properties,  assets, operations,  results of operations,  prospects or
condition (financial or otherwise) of Buyer or on the transactions  contemplated
hereby or by the  agreements  and  instruments  to be entered into in connection
herewith,  or on the  authority  or ability of Buyer to perform its  obligations
under the Transaction Documents (as defined below).

     2.9 Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Buyer has the requisite corporate
power and  authority  to enter  into and  perform  its  obligations  under  this
Agreement,  and each of the other agreements  entered into by the parties hereto
in   connection   with  the   transactions   contemplated   by  this   Agreement
(collectively,  the "Transaction Documents").  The execution and delivery of the
Transaction  Documents  by  the  Company  and  the  consummation  by it  of  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  thereby  have been duly  authorized  by
Buyer's Board of Directors and no further consent or  authorization  is required
of Buyer's Board of Directors or  stockholders.  The Transaction  Documents have
been duly executed and delivered by Buyer. The Transaction  Documents constitute
the  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  Buyer  enforceable  against  Buyer in
accordance  with their terms,  except as such  enforceability  may be limited by
general   principles   of   equity   or   applicable   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization,   moratorium,  liquidation  or  similar  laws  relating  to,  or
affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors' rights and remedies.

     2.10 Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of
the Buyer  consists of 50,000,000  shares of Common  Stock,  of which as of such
date,  32,650,178  shares are issued and  outstanding  and 8,609,920  shares are
reserved for issuance  pursuant to the Buyer's  stock option and purchase  plans
(including  pursuant to options  outstanding  as of such date as well as options
granted thereafter).  All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance
will be,  validly  issued  and are  fully  paid and  non-assessable.  Except  as
disclosed  in  Exhibit  2.10,  (A) no shares of the  Buyer's  capital  stock are
subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights (arising under Delaware
law, the Buyer's  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or By-laws or any agreement or
instrument to which the Buyer is a party) or any liens or  encumbrances  granted
or created by the Buyer; (B) there are no outstanding options,  warrants, scrip,
rights  to  subscribe  to,  calls or  commitments  of any  character  whatsoever
relating to, or securities  or rights  convertible  into,  any shares of capital
stock of the Buyer , or contracts,  commitments,  understandings or arrangements
by which the Buyer is or may become bound to issue additional  shares of capital
stock of the Buyer or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or
commitments  of any  character  whatsoever  relating to, or securities or rights
convertible  into, any shares of capital stock of the Buyer (other than any such
options, warrants, scrip, rights, calls, commitments, securities, understandings
and arrangement  outstanding  under plans  disclosed in the SEC Documents);  (C)
there are no outstanding  debt  securities,  notes,  credit  agreements,  credit
facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing indebtedness
of the  Buyer or by which  the Buyer is or may  become  bound;  (D) there are no
amounts outstanding under, and there will be no amounts due upon termination of,
any credit agreement or credit facility;  (E) there are no financing  statements
securing  obligations in any amounts greater than $100,000,  singly, or $250,000
in the  aggregate,  filed  in  connection  with  the  Buyer;  (F)  there  are no
agreements  or  arrangements  under which the Buyer is obligated to register the
sale of any of their  securities under the Securities Act of 1933 other than the
Sale of Assets Agreement, dated the date hereof between the Buyer and the Seller
; (G) there are no  outstanding  securities  or  instruments  of the Buyer which
contain  any  redemption  or  similar  provisions,  and there are no  contracts,
commitments,  understandings or arrangements by which the Buyer is or may become
bound to  redeem a  security  of the  Buyer ; (H)  there  are no  securities  or
instruments  containing   anti-dilution  or  similar  provisions  that  will  be
triggered by the issuance of the Closing Shares described in this Agreement; (I)
the Buyer does not have any stock  appreciation  rights or "phantom" stock plans
or agreements or any similar plan or  agreement;  (J) to the Buyer's  knowledge,
(i) no current or former officer or director who individually owns 1% or more of
the Buyer's  outstanding  capital stock or (ii) other  beneficial owner of 5% or
more of the Buyer's outstanding capital stock, has pledged shares of the Buyer's
capital stock in connection  with a margin account or other loan secured by such
capital stock;  and (K) the Buyer has no liabilities or obligations  required to
be disclosed in the SEC  Documents  (as defined  herein) but not so disclosed in
the SEC  Documents,  other than those  incurred  in the  ordinary  course of the
Buyer's  business and which,  individually or in the aggregate,  do not or would
not have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Buyer and its  subsidiaries  (as that
term is defined in the regulations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) taken
as a whole.

     2.11  Issuance of  Securities.  The Closing is duly  authorized  and,  upon
issuance in accordance with the terms of the applicable  Transaction  Documents,
shall be (i) validly issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable  and (ii) free from
all taxes,  liens and charges with respect to the issuance  thereof  (other than
any  such  taxes,  liens  and  charges  created  by any  Buyer  or  assignee  or
transferee),  and shall not be subject to  pre-emptive  rights or other  similar
rights of shareholders of the Buyer.

     2.12  No  Conflicts.  The  execution,   delivery  and  performance  of  the
Transaction  Documents  by the  Buyer and the  consummation  by the Buyer of the
transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation
of the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or the By-laws;  (ii) conflict  with, or
constitute  a default  (or an event  which with  notice or lapse of time or both
would  become a default)  under,  or give to others  any rights of  termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Buyer or any of its  subsidiaries is a party (except for
such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations
and violations as would not,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect); or (iii) result in a violation
of any law, rule,  regulation,  order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state  securities  laws and  regulations  and the rules and  regulations  of the
Principal  Market  (as  defined  below))  applicable  to the Buyer or any of its
subsidiaries  or by which  any  property  or  asset  of the  Buyer or any of its
subsidiaries is bound or affected.  The Buyer is not in violation of any term of
or  in  default  under  its  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  By-laws  or  their
organizational  charter or by-laws,  respectively.  Neither the Buyer nor any of
its  subsidiaries  is in  violation  of any  term  of or in  default  under  any
contract, agreement, mortgage,  indebtedness,  indenture,  instrument, judgment,
decree or order or any statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the Buyer or
its  subsidiaries,  except where such  violations and defaults would not result,
either  individually  or in the aggregate,  in a Material  Adverse  Effect.  The
business of the Buyer and its  subsidiaries  is not being conducted in violation
of any law,  ordinance or regulation of any  governmental  entity,  except where
such violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate,  in a
Material Adverse Effect.

     2.13 SEC Documents;  Financial Statements. Since January 1, 2001, the Buyer
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC  pursuant to the  reporting  requirements  of the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended  (the  "1934  Act")  (all of the
foregoing filed prior to or on the date hereof and all exhibits included therein
and financial  statements and schedules  thereto and documents  incorporated  by
reference therein being hereinafter  referred to as the "SEC Documents").  As of
the date of filing of such SEC Documents, each such SEC Document, as it may have
been subsequently amended by filings made by the Buyer with the SEC prior to the
date hereof, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated  thereunder  applicable
to such SEC  Document.  None of the SEC  Documents,  as of the date filed and as
they may have been  subsequently  amended by filings  made by the Buyer with the
SEC prior to the date hereof,  contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which  they  were  made,  not  misleading.  As of their  respective  dates,  the
financial  statements of the Buyer included in the SEC Documents  complied as to
form in all  material  respects  with  applicable  accounting  requirements  and
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.  Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with generally  accepted  accounting
principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may
be otherwise  indicated in such financial  statements or the notes  thereto,  or
(ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary  statements)  and fairly present in all
material  respects the  financial  position of the Buyer as of the dates thereof
and the  results of its  operations  and cash flows for the  periods  then ended
(subject,  in the  case  of  unaudited  statements,  to  normal  year-end  audit
adjustments).

     2.14 Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board,  government agency,  self-regulatory  organization or body pending
or, to the  knowledge  of the Buyer or any of its  subsidiaries,  threatened  in
writing  against  the  Buyer or any of the  Buyer's  subsidiaries  or any of the
Buyer's or the Buyer's  Subsidiaries'  officers or directors in their capacities
as such,  that would  reasonably be expected to result in judgments  against the
Buyer or any of its subsidiaries in an amount, individually or in the aggregate,
in excess of $250,000.

3.       LIABILITIES

     3.1 Assumption of liabilities.

(a)  Buyer is  acquiring  Seller's  Assets  without any  assumption  of Seller's
     liabilities except for the G.P. Strategies Corp. Obligation,  the Red Cross
     Obligation and the Tax Litigation  Obligation  which are to be satisfied to
     the extent and in the manner herein provided as part of the  consideration.
     In the event,  that prior to the  Closing,  the Tax  Litigation  Obligation
     becomes due and  payable,  the Seller shall give notice to Buyer as soon as
     reasonable  practicable,  and Buyer shall have the option to terminate this
     Agreement or satisfy the Tax  Obligation,  and proceed to Closing after the
     other conditions to this Agreement have been satisfied. In addition,  prior
     to the  Closing,  Buyer  shall  pay,  as  they  become  due,  all  expenses
     reasonably related to the maintenance and operation of the Seller's Assets,
     including but not limited to insurance,  taxes,  heat,  electricity and air
     conditioning.

(b)  Seller  has paid or will pay or fully  provide  for all  federal  and state
     income taxes which  relate to the conduct of its business  through the date
     of  Closing.  There is no pending tax claim or dispute on taxes which might
     result in a lien against the Seller's  Assets except for the Tax Litigation
     Obligation.

4.   COVENANTS OF THE SELLER

(a)  The Seller  will  prepare  and send to its  stockholders,  for  purposes of
     considering  and voting  upon a sale of all, or  substantially  all, of its
     assets a Proxy Statement (or Information  Statement).  All reasonable costs
     and expenses related to the Proxy Statement shall be borne by the Buyer and
     will be paid as they become due.

(b)  The Seller  will take all steps  reasonably  necessary,  including  but not
     limited to obtaining a Phase I Environmental Evaluation of the Property, to
     obtain a No Further Action Order (the "Transfer Order") from the New Jersey
     Department  of  Environmental  Protection  which  allows the Property to be
     transferred to the Buyer.  All costs and expenses of obtaining the Transfer
     Order will be borne by the Buyer and will be paid as they become due.

(c)  The Seller will take all steps  reasonably  necessary  to transfer to Buyer
     the Buyer's Product License for the sale of ALFERON N Injection.  The Buyer
     will  cooperate in the  transfer of the Product  License and bear all costs
     related to such transfer,  including but not limited to the printing of new
     package inserts for the product.  The Buyer agrees to comply with all rules
     and regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration as they relate to
     ALFERON N Injection.

5.       CONDITIONS

5.1  Conditions  to Buyer's  obligations.  Buyer's  obligations  to complete the
Closing under this Agreement are, at Buyer's  option,  subject to fulfillment by
Seller of each of the following conditions:

(a)  All  representations  and warranties of Seller  contained in this Agreement
     shall be true in all  material  respects as of and at the Closing date with
     the same  effect as if they had been made on and as of  Closing,  except as
     otherwise contemplated or specifically permitted by the terms of hereof.

(b)  Seller shall have  performed and complied with all its  agreements,  terms,
     and conditions under this Agreement on or before the Closing date.

(c)  Immediately  prior to the Closing,  the Tax Litigation  Obligation does not
     exceed $ 650,000. (d) G.P. Strategies Corp. releasing all of its liens upon
     any and all assets of the Seller in exchange  for,  and  accepting  as full
     satisfaction of all claims against Seller,  the  consideration set forth in
     the GP Strategies Corporation Forbearance and Settlement Agreement.

(e)  The American Red Cross  releasing  all of its liens upon any and all assets
     of the Seller in exchange  for, and accepting as full  satisfaction  of all
     claims  against  Seller,  the  following  consideration  set  forth  in the
     American Red Cross  Forbearance  and Settlement  Agreement.  (f) Seller has
     received approval for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement from a majority of its shareholders.

(g)  Seller having  received  from the  Environmental  Protection  Agency of the
     State of New Jersey the  unencumbered  Transfer Order necessary to transfer
     the Real Estate to Buyer.

(h)  The  exceptions  to title of the Real Estate  being as set forth on Exhibit
     5.1 (h).

     5.2 Casualty prior to closing.  If before  completion of the Closing any of
the Seller's  Assets are damaged by fire,  casualty,  or any other cause,  Buyer
may, in Buyer's sole discretion, terminate this Agreement. Buyer shall also have
the  option to  proceed  to  closing,  in which  case the  insurance  settlement
proceeds shall be applied and distributed as follows:  First, the obligations to
MD SASS  Municipal  Finance  Partners  II,  L.P.,  the American Red Cross and GP
Strategies  Corporation  shall be satisfied and any remaining  proceeds shall be
split equally between Buyer and Seller.

6.       CLOSING OBLIGATIONS

6.1 Seller's  obligations at Closing.  At the Closing,  Seller shall execute and
deliver to Buyer:

(a)  A bill of sale, deed,  assignments,  certificates of title, license and all
     other  instruments  and  documents of  conveyance  and transfer that may be
     necessary or appropriate  duly to convey and transfer to Buyer the Seller's
     Assets.

(b)  True and  complete  copies of  resolutions  of Seller's  Board of Directors
     approving  this  Agreement,   authorizing  the  carrying  out  of  all  the
     transactions  contemplated  herein and the execution and delivery by Seller
     of all instruments  then or thereafter  required to do so. Such resolutions
     shall be duly certified by the Secretary of Seller.

(c)  The Transfer Order issued by the New Jersey Environmental Protection Agency
     approving the transfer of the Real Estate to the Buyer.

(d)  All other instruments and documents elsewhere required herein.

(e)  A certificate signed by the President and Seller's Secretary dated the date
     of Closing, certifying that all Seller's representations and warranties set
     forth in this Agreement continue to be true in all material respects on the
     Closing  date as if  originally  made on such  date,  except  as  otherwise
     contemplated or permitted under this Agreement.

6.2  Seller's  implied  obligations.  From time to time at Buyer's  request  and
expense,  whether at or after the  Closing and  without  further  consideration,
Seller shall:

(a)  Execute and deliver to Buyer all instruments  that are reasonably  required
     to carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement;

(b)  Deliver to Buyer all other data and papers that are  requested to assist in
     the utilization of the Seller Assets; and

(c)  Take all other  actions that Buyer may request more  effectively  to convey
     and transfer to Buyer the Seller Assets.

6.3 Buyer's Obligations at Closing. At the Closing, Buyer shall:

(a)  Deliver to Seller a stock certificate of the Buyer representing the Closing
     Shares as required by Section 1.3.

(b)  Execute  and  deliver  to the  Seller a  certificate  signed  by the  Chief
     Executive  Officer  and  the  Secretary  of  the  Buyer  stating  that  the
     representations  and  warranties  of the Buyer are true and  correct in all
     material respects.

(c)  Execute and deliver to the Seller a certificate  signed by the Secretary of
     the Buyer  certifying as to (i) the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the
     Buyer,  (ii) the  Bylaws of the  Buyer,  (iii) the  adoption  of  corporate
     resolutions  adopted by the Board of Directors of the Buyer  approving this
     Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby and (iv) the incumbency
     of the officers of the Buyer executing this Agreement and the  certificates
     of the Buyer.

(d)  Issue the shares of Common  Stock  required  by the G.P.  Strategies  Corp.
     Obligation.

(e)  Issue the shares of Common Stock  required under the terms of the Red Cross
     Obligation. (f) Satisfy the Tax Obligation.

  7.     MISCELLANEOUS

     7.1 Brokerage.  Seller and Buyer each represent to the other that they have
not entered into any other  agreement or incurred any  obligation  in connection
with this  transaction  which might result in the  obligation to pay a brokerage
commission.  Each party shall  indemnify and shall hold the other party harmless
from and against any claim or demand by any broker or other  person for bringing
about this  Agreement  who claims to have  dealt with such  indemnifying  party,
including  all expenses  incurred in defending  such claim or demand  (including
reasonable attorneys fees).

     7.2 Indemnification.  Each party to this Agreement shall defend, indemnify,
and hold such other party to this Agreement  harmless  against any loss,  damage
(excluding  consequential  damages),  claim of third  parties,  actions,  suits,
demands,  judgments,  or expense (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively
referred to as the "Damages")  actually incurred by such other party as a result
of or attributable to any  misrepresentation  or breach of any representation or
warranty  given or made by such other  party.  Notwithstanding  anything  to the
contrary  contained  herein,  neither  party to this  Agreement  shall  have any
liability to the other party to this  Agreement  under this Section 7.2,  unless
the aggregate  Damages  incurred by such party exceeds  $250,000 and only to the
extent of the amount in excess of $250,000.  In additon,  neither  party to this
Agreement   shall  commence  any  action   against  the   directors,   officers,
shareholders or individual employees of the other party to this Agreement.

     7.3  Payments.  Buyer  agrees  to make all  payments  when due  under  this
Agreement or the Sale of  Inventory  Agreement,  dated the date hereof,  between
Buyer and Seller.  In the event,  Buyer fails to make any payments  when due and
such failure  continues  for a period of ten days after notice to Buyer's  Chief
Executive Officer, William A. Carter or Buyer's Secretary,  Ransom W. Etheridge,
Seller,  in addition to any other remedies it may have, in law or equity,  shall
not be obligated to complete the sale of Seller's Assets under the terms of this
Agreement.

     7.4 Use of Real Estate. For no additional  consideration,  Seller agrees to
allow Buyer to use the Real Estate and the machinery,  equipment,  furniture and
fixtures  contained  therein to the extent that it does not  interfere  with the
business of the Buyer . 7.5  Covenant of Buyer.  Buyer  covenants to Seller that
after the date hereof, Buyer will not take any action, which will obligate Buyer
to  seek  approval  of  its  shareholders  as a  condition  to  completing  this
transaction.

     7.6 Consent of ISI Shareholders.  Simultaneously with the execution of this
Agreement,  Seller shall  deliver to Buyer a Consent of  Shareholders  of Seller
representing  a  majority  of the  shares of  common  stock  and  approving  the
transactions  contemplated hereby. 7.7 Termination.  In the event a closing does
not  take  place  within  180  days of the  date  hereof,  either  party to this
Agreement, may terminate the Agreement.

     7.8 Entire  agreement;  modification.  This Agreement  supersedes all prior
agreements and constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties hereto with
regard to the subject matter hereof. It may not be amended or modified except by
an instrument executed by both parties.

     7.9 Notices and communications.  Any notice, request, instruction, or other
document to be  delivered  hereunder  shall be deemed  sufficiently  given if in
writing  and  delivered  personally,  by  facsimile  transmission,  or mailed by
certified mail, postage prepaid, if to Buyer, addressed to Buyer:

                                    William A. Carter, M.D., CEO
                                    Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
                                    One Penn Center
                                    1617 JFK Blvd.
                                    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
and if addressed to Seller:
                                    Interferon Sciences, Inc.
                                    783 Jersey Avenue
                                    New Brunswick, New Jersey  08901
                                    Attn: Chief Executive Officer

unless in each case Buyer or Seller has notified the other in writing of a
different address.

     7.10 Non-Waiver.  No delay or failure by either party to exercise any right
hereunder, and no partial or single exercise of any such right, shall constitute
a waiver of that or any other right, unless otherwise expressly provided herein.

     7.11 Headings in the Agreement are for  convenience  and reference only and
shall not be used to interpret or construe its provisions.

     7.12 Governing law. This  Agreement  shall be construed in accordance  with
and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

     7.13  Counterparts.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     7.14 Binding effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit  of the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  legal  representatives,
successors, and assigns.

     7.15  Survival  of  representations  and  warranties.  Except as  otherwise
expressly  limited in this  Agreement  or the  Schedules  annexed,  the  Sellers
covenants,  representations  and warranties extended hereunder shall survive the
Closing for a period of 12 months.

     7.16 Expenses.  Except as otherwise  expressly provided herein,  each party
shall pay all of its own expenses  incidental to the negotiation and preparation
of the  documentation  and  financial  statements  relating  to this  Agreement.
However,  if Buyer  requires  financial  statements of Seller (for  inclusion in
Buyer's financial statements or any other purpose) and such financial statements
are the same as those  included in Seller's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2002, Seller shall provide such financial  statements to
the Buyer and Buyer and Seller shall equally share  Seller's  costs in preparing
such financial  statements.  In addition, if Buyer requires financial statements
of Seller (for inclusion in Buyer's  financial  statements or any other purpose)
and such  financial  statements  are not the same as those  included in Seller's
Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2002,  the costs of
preparation of Seller's financial statements shall be borne by Buyer.

     7.17 Payment of taxes. All fees,  costs,  charges,  and expenses payable to
any federal, state, or municipal authority,  including,  without limitation, all
filing fees, documentary stamps, and transfer, sales and other taxes required to
be paid, or imposed in connection with the transfer of the Seller's Assets under
the terms of this Agreement,  if any, shall be paid by Seller.  All fees, costs,
charges,  and expenses  payable to any federal,  state, or municipal  authority,
including,   without  limitation,  all  filing  fees,  documentary  stamps,  and
transfer,  sales and other taxes  required to be paid,  or imposed in connection
with the issuance of the Closing Shares shall be borne by Buyer.

     7.18  Assignment.  Except as may  otherwise be expressly  provided  herein,
neither party may assign any right,  obligation,  or liability arising hereunder
without the other party's prior written  consent,  provided,  however,  that the
Seller may assign its rights to the Closing  Shares to a party  which  agrees to
the terms  (including  the limitation on the number of shares which may be sold)
of the Closing Shares.  Any other such assignment or attempted  assignment shall
be null and void.


<PAGE>


     In witness  whereof the  parties  have  caused  this  Agreement  to be duly
executed on the date first above written.

                                              Seller:  Interferon Sciences, Inc.
                                              By:______________________________

Attest:
---------------------------------


                                             Buyer:   Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
                                             By:______________________________
Attest:
----------------------------------







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
