<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exgmrp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.45 MRP PLAN
<TEXT>
                              L. B. FOSTER COMPANY



<PAGE>







                      EXECUTIVE MEDICAL REIMBURSEMENT PLAN

   The Medical Reimbursement plan (MRP) is a special benefit for key employees
   designed to supplement the comprehensive Medical Plan and the Dental Plan
   (also referred to in this document as the "Basic Plans"). This Plan is
   subject to the same exclusions, limitations, and conditions outlined in your
   Comprehensive Medical Plan and Dental Plan booklets with the exception of
   vision care, chiropractic and mental/nervous, drug/alcohol treatment. The
   Plan is designed to provide reimbursement for deductibles, co-insurance, and
   usual, customary and reasonable charges which exceed the maximums allowed
   under the Basic Plans subject to an overall annual maximum reimbursement as
   set forth on Page 5. In addition, the Plan also provides reimbursement for
   certain vision care expenses. The Plan is administered by Acordia National,
   hereinafter referred to as Acordia.

Who is eligible for the MRP?

Employees holding positions with a job level exempt 12 and above. In order to
receive a benefit under the MRP, you must be enrolled in the Basic Plan and pay
the required contribution.

Certain members of your family are also eligible for coverage. They include
(provided you have enrolled them under the Basic Plan):

                  o        Your spouse.

                  o        Single dependent children under age 19 (unmarried
                           children age 19 up to the child's 25th birthday if
                           the child is a full-time student who depends solely
                           on the employee for support and maintenance).

                  o        Single dependent children, regardless of age, if they
                           are physically or mentally disabled before age 19.
                           Children include your natural born children, legally
                           adopted children, stepchildren, and foster children
                           who live with you and depend on you for support and
                           maintenance. Proof of dependency for other than
                           natural children will be required.

When do you become eligible?

Your coverage under the MRP will begin the day your Basic plan coverage starts
or the day you are promoted to an exempt level 12, provided you are already
enrolled in the Basic Plan and you pay the required contribution. Coverage for
your eligible dependents will automatically begin on the date your coverage
begins.

Do you need to complete an enrollment form?

No. You will automatically be enrolled in the MRP when you submit the Benefit
Enrollment form to enroll in the Basic plan or when you become eligible for the
MRP. If you do not want to participate in the MRP when first eligible to do so,
you must send written notice to the Benefits Department in Pittsburgh.


<PAGE>





                       MRP- 1/1/98                                           2


<PAGE>


What is your cost to participate In the MRP?

Employees at job level exempt 15 and above must pay $65 per month and employees
in positions which are exempt level 12 through 14 must pay $45 per month for MRP
coverage.

What benefits are covered by the MRP?

Medical expenses shall be limited to the following:

                            Services, supplies and treatments including
                            well-baby care, which are authorized by a licensed
                            physician, and which in the geographical area where
                            incurred, are the usual, customary and reasonable
                            services, supplies or treatments provided for the
                            condition being treated

                  o        Charges which are usual, customary, and reasonable
                           for the services, supplies and treatments received in
                           the geographical area.

                  o        Chiropractic treatment is limited to a maximum
                           benefit of $500 per person per calendar year under
                           the MRP.

                  o        The combined lifetime maximum benefit for treatment
                           of alcoholism and drug addictions is $25,000 per
                           person per lifetime under the MRP.

                  o Exceptions which are further defined under "Exclusions."

Dental expenses shall be limited to the following:

                  o        Services, supplies and treatments, including sealants
                           and bonding, which are authorized by a licensed
                           dentist and which in the geographical area where
                           incurred, are the usual customary and reasonable
                           services, supplies or treatments provided for the
                           condition being treated.

                  o        Charges which are usual, customary and reasonable for
                           the services, supplies and treatments received in the
                           geographical area.

                  o        Charges limited to two teeth cleanings per person per
                           calendar year unless additional cleanings are
                           necessitated to prevent gum or bone disease damage.

                  o Exclusions which are further defined under "Exclusions."

Orthodontic expenses shall be limited to the following:

                  o        Services, supplies and treatments which are
                           authorized by a licensed orthodontist and which in
                           the geographical area where incurred, are the usual,
                           customary and reasonable service, supplies or
                           treatments provided for the condition being treated.


<PAGE>






                                              MRP- 1/1/98


<PAGE>


                    o        Charges which are usual, customary and reasonable
                             for the services, supplies and treatments received
                             in the geographical area.

                    o Charges which shall be based on quarterly installments
only.

                    o Exceptions which are further defined under "Exclusions."

Vision care expenses shall be limited to the following:

                    o        Services, supplies and treatments which are
                             authorized by a licensed opthamologist or
                             optometrist and which in the geographical area
                             where incurred are the usual, customary and
                             reasonable services, supplies or treatments
                             provided for the condition being treated.

                  o        Charges which are usual, customary and reasonable for
                           the services, supplies and treatments received.

                  o        Charges limited to one eye examination per person per
                           calendar year unless more frequent examinations are
                           medically necessary.

                  o        Charges limited to any combination of prescription
                           eyeglasses and/or contact leases, but no more than
                           two pairs per participant and eligible dependent(s)
                           every two years unless a prescription change warrants
                           new eye wear in less time.

                  o Charges limited to a maximum of $75.00 for each set of
frames.

                  o Exceptions which are further defined under "Exclusions.

What is excluded under the MRP?

                  o        Premiums for the L.B. Foster Company Basic
                           Plans are not reimbursable under the MRP.

                  o        Expenses which are paid by the Basic Plans.

                  o        The portion of an actual charge which is in excess of
                           the reasonable and customary charge.

                  o        Medicines obtained without prescriptions of a
                           physician, including nonprescription drugs and
                           vitamins.

                  o        Ace bandages, braces, and other support items
                           available as over-the-counter products.

                  o        Dehumidifiers, air conditioners, vaporizers and/or
                           any other systems which are used to change the home
                           environment.

                  o        Nonprescription eyeglasses.




<PAGE>








                                                          MR.P. 1/1/98

<PAGE>


   o Oversized lenses special tinting, special polishing and special lens
coatings.

   o        Cosmetic surgery.

   o        Food supplements and all nutritional products.

   o Physical examinations that are otherwise covered under the Executive
Physical Program.

   o Weight reduction clinic expenses unless medically necessary.

o         Charges for health tripe not related to emergency ambulance
          transportation, even if medically prescribed.
o                 Charges for health facilities, such as whirlpool or health
                  clubs, swimming clubs, or tennis clubs, even if medically
                  prescribed.

o         Charges made by or incurred in an institution owned or operated by a
          national government or any agency thereof.

o         Charges made by or incurred in an institution owned or operated by a
          state government unless the insured individual would be required to
          pay such charges in the absence of insurance.

o         Charges incurred in connection with sickness, disease, or bodily
          injury resulting from war or any act incident to war, whether the war
          be declared or undeclared.

o Charges incurred in a hospital for television, telephone, newspapers and other
nonmedical expenses.

o        Charges for custodial care, including babysitting.

o Charges for housekeeper or domestic labor not directly related to medical care
and treatment.

o         Charges incurred in connection with accidental bodily injury which
          arises out of or in the course of an employee's or dependent's
         employment with any employer or self-employment.

o         Charges incurred for failure to satisfy the provisions set forth in
          the Second Surgical Opinion Program and/or Pre-Admission
         Certification (CAPP Care) of the LB. Foster Comprehensive
          Medical Plan.

o         Charges incurred for medical treatment which is outside of and not
          directed by an employee's selected Health Maintenance Organization
          (HMO).


<PAGE>






                                             MRP- 1/1/98


                              Mileage to and from medical care facilities.

                     o Charges which are paid by any other employer-sponsored
plan.

                    o        Parking fees.

                     o        Other than charges specifically included above,
                              eligible expenses are limited to those identified
                              in the LB Foster Comprehensive Medical Plan and
                              the
                             Dental Plan.

  How do you submit a claim?

You submit your claim form according to the guidelines outlined in the Basic
Medical and Dental Plans. Once Acordia has processed your claim under the Basic
Plan, any remaining eligible charges will automatically be considered under the
MRP. Therefore two checks will be issued - one representing the Basic Plan
benefit and one representing the MRP benefit.

Since eye wear is not covered under the Basic Plan, be sure your bills include
the patients full name, date of treatment or purchase, type of supply provided
and itemized charges of each expense comprising the total bill.

Claims n~i5t be submitted no later than 15 months following the date the service
is provided.

Is there a limit on the amount of MRP benefits?

Yes. Employees at or above job level 15, including all dependents, are limited
to a maximum benefit of $6,000 per calendar year. Level 12 through 14, including
dependents, are limited to $3,000 per calendar year.

When does your coverage end?

Coverage under the Plan for you and your dependents will end when:

                  o Your employment ends or the Plan ends.

                  o You do not make the required contribution to the Plan.

                  o You have exhausted any salary continuance benefits.

                  o        You are on a personal leave of absence.

                  o Your dependent reaches the age limit or is otherwise
ineligible.

                  o        Your Basic coverage terminates.


<PAGE>






                                              MRP- 1/1/98

<PAGE>

    Can coverage for you and your dependent be continued beyond the termination
 date of your employment?

    If the coverage under this Plan ceases because of any of the following
qualifying events:

      o       Your emp1oyrnent ends (except in the case of gross misconduct) or

      o       Your work hours are reduced;

      o        Your death;

      o        Your marriage is dissolved;

      o        You become legally separated from your spouse (where applicable);

      o        Your dependent child stops being an eligible dependent or

      o        Your leave of absence (in compliance with USERRA) by reason of
               active service in the uniformed services;

     you, your spouse, your former spouse (or legally separated spouse) or your
ineligible dependent child, as qualified beneficiaries, may elect to continue
coverage subject to the provisions below. The continuation coverage will be
identical to the coverage provided to persons similarly situated to whom a
qualifying event has not occurred.

It will continue for at least the period starting on the date of the qualifying
event and ending not earlier than the earliest of:

                  o        The date which is at least 36 months (18 months in
                           the case of your employment stopping or your work
                           hours being reduced; or your Leave of absence for
                           active service in the uniformed services under the
                           USERRA) after the qualifying event.

                  o The date this policy stops being in force.

                  o        The date a qualified beneficiary fails to make the
                           required monthly payments to the Employer for the
                           coverage.

                  o The date a qualified beneficiary becomes either:

                           (a) covered as an employee under any other group
                           health plan, or (b) entitled to benefits under
                           Medicare.

                  o The date your former spouse remarries and becomes covered
under another group.

                  o        The day after the date on which you fail to apply for
                           or return to a position of employment following a
                           leave of absence in accordance with the USERRA for
                           active service in the uniformed services.


<PAGE>






Election Period


<PAGE>


                                               MRP- 1/1/98


<PAGE>




A qualified beneficiary must elect continuation coverage within the 60-day
notice period. The 60 day period begins on the later of:

            *       The date coverage stops due to the qualifying event or

            * The date the person receives notice of the right to continue
coverage.

Your election to continue coverage will be considered an election on behalf of
your spouse and dependent children who would also lose coverage because of the
same qualifying event. Also, a former spouse's election to continue coverage
will be considered an election for dependent children who would also lose
coverage because of the same qualifying event.

NOTE 1: If a child is born to, or placed for adoption with, a covered
beneficiary while the covered beneficiary is on COBRA, then the covered
beneficiary is permitted to add such child as a dependent under the Plan's
generally applicable rules for adding newborn or adopted children and the added
child will be treated as a qualified beneficiary.

NOTE 2: If the Social Security Administration determines a qualified beneficiary
is disabled at any time during the first 60 days of COBRA coverage (beginning on
the day after termination of employment or reduction in hours) an 11-month
extension, after the initial 18 months, is available to the qualified
beneficiary.


Notification Requirements

The employee or a qualified beneficiary must notify the Human Resource
Department within 60 days when any of the following qualifying events happen:
2Your marriage is dissolved;
                  You become legally separated from your spouse;
          2       A child stops being an eligible dependent; or

         2        The Social Security Administration determines you to be
                  disabled within the first 60 days of a
                  COBRA coverage period.

The Human Resource Department will send the appropriate election form to the
qualified beneficiary within 14 days after receiving this notice.


<PAGE>






Can the Plan be amended or terminated?


<PAGE>


                                             MRP- 1/1/98


<PAGE>


                                             MRP- 1/1/98


Although the Company intends to continue the MRP, the Plan is entirely voluntary
on the part of the Company and may be amended or terminated at any time.

Amendments made by the Company shall be made by resolution of the Company's
board of directors adopted in accordance with the Company's by-laws and
applicable corporation law. Alternatively amendments may be adopted by any one
or more officers of the Company if authority to amend the plan has been
delegated to them by the board of directors in accordance with the Company's
by-laws and applicable corporation law. A delegation may be general (by way of
describing the general duties and responsibilities of the officers) or specific
with regard to employee benefit plans such as this and is not invalid merely
because it was made before this plan was established. An officer exercising
delegated authority to amend the plan shall memorialize that exercise in writing
signed by the officer.


What if you have additional questions?

For more information about the Plan and its benefits, contact the Human Resource
Department. For other details about the Plan and your rights as a Plan member,
see the GENERAL section of this manual.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
