<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exherp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.51 EXEC. RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>
                               L.B. FOSTER COMPANY



                                  SUPPLEMENTAL


                            EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


<PAGE>




                            ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE






                  WHEREAS, on December 14, 1994 the Board of Directors of L.B.
Foster Company (the "Company") adopted the SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT
PLAN (the "Plan") effective as of January 1, 1994. The Plan was established to
pay supplemental benefits to certain executive employees who qualify for
benefits under the Voluntary Investment Plan (the "VIP').


                  WHEREAS, the Plan is unfunded, and the Company will make the
Plan benefit payments solely from its general assets on a current disbursement
basis.


                  WHEREAS, the provisions of this Plan shall apply only to
employees who are employed by the Company on or after January 1, 1994.


                  WHEREAS, the principal objective of this Plan is to ensure the
payment of a competitive level of benefits in order to attract, retain and
motivate selected executives. This Plan was designed to provide retirement
benefits lost due to Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Sections 401(a) 17, 402(g),
and 401(a)(4), as well as any other code section(s) limiting the amount the
Company can contribute under the VIP.


                  WHEREAS, the Plan shall become effective January 1, 1994. Any
employee whose employment terminated prior to January 1, 1994 shall have no
rights under this Plan.



<PAGE>


                                    SECTION I

                                   DEFINITIONS




1.1 "Affiliated Company" means any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company,
whether or not such entities have adopted the Plan, and any other entity which
is a member of a Controlled Group as defined under the IRC.


1.2   Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of L.B. Foster Company.


1.3  "Committee" means the Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors.


1.4 "Company" means the L.B. Foster Company, a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, as well as any Affiliated
Company which the Board of Directors has designated as eligible to adopt the
Plan.


1.5 "Compensation" means the earnings paid by the Company to the Participant
during the Plan Year in the form of base salary, vacation pay, bonuses or cash
incentive pay, commissions, and any other elective deferrals under Section(s)
401(k) or 125, but excluding all other payments.


1.6 "Disability" means disability as defined in the Company's long term
disability plan, as it may be, from time to time, amended.


1.7 "Disability Date" means the first day of the sixth month following the month
in which the Participant's Disability commenced, but not later than his normal
retirement date.


1.8 "Early Retirement Date" means the earlier of 1) the first of the month
following attainment of age 55, or 2) the first day of the month coincident with
or following the participants involuntary termination of employment.



1.9       "Effective Date" means January 1, 1994.


1.10      "IRC" means Internal Revenue Code.


1.11      "Normal Retirement Date" means the first of the month following
 attainment of age
65.


<PAGE>


1.12      "Participant" means an employee of the Company who becomes and
remains a Participant as provided in
Section II.


1.13      "Plan" means the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan.


1.14      "Plan Administrator" means the Committee.


1.15      "Plan Sponsor" means L.B. Foster Company.




<PAGE>


1.16      "Spouse" means the lawful spouse of the Participant at the earlier
 of date of death or the date benefits
commence to the Participant under the Plan.
the Participant's


<PAGE>







1.17      "VIP" means the Voluntary Investment Plan for Employees of L.B.
Foster Company and any successor thereto.


1.18 The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, will be deemed to
include the feminine gender, and the singular may include the plural, unless the
context clearly indicates the contrary.



<PAGE>


                                   SECTION II


                                  PARTICIPATION


2.1 Eligibility for participation in the Plan shall be limited to individuals
who comprise a select group of management or highly compensated employees within
the meaning of Section 201(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), including only individuals who have the ability to
affect or substantially influence, through negotiation or otherwise, the design
and operation of the Plan, taking into consideration any risks attendant
thereto, and therefore do not need the substantive rights and protections of
ERISA.



2.2 Participation in the Plan is solely within the discretion of the Committee.
The Committee shall individually select and name by resolution each eligible
employee for participation in the Plan. An employee shall become a Participant
as of the date specified in the resolution.



2.3 A Participant shall remain a Participant only for so long as he continues in
the employ of the Company, or the Committee, in its sole discretion determines
that the Participant shall no longer be a Participant.


<PAGE>





                                   SECTION III


                       ELIGIBILITY FOR RETIREMENT BENEFITS




3.1 Each Participant who terminates his employment with the Company on or after
the month in which he attains age 65 shall be eligible to receive a retirement
benefit on his Normal Retirement Date.



3.2 Each Participant who terminates his employment with the Company on or after
the date he attains age 55 and has received approval of the Committee to retire
under the Plan (but before the month in which he attains age 65) shall be
eligible to receive a retirement benefit beginning on his Early Retirement Date
(or beginning on the first day of any month thereafter but not later than his
Normal Retirement Date.)


3.3 The beneficiary of a Participant who dies while a Participant shall be
eligible to receive such Participant's retirement benefit the first day of any
month following the date of such Participant's death but in any event not later
than what would have been the Participant's Normal Retirement Date had he lived.


3.4 Each Participant who leaves his employment due to disability shall be
eligible to receive a retirement benefit beginning on his Disability Date (or
beginning on the first day of any month thereafter but not later than his Normal
Retirement Date.)



3.5 Each Participant who is terminated involuntarily by the Company, other than
for cause, shall be eligible to receive a retirement benefit beginning on the
first day of the month following such termination.


<PAGE>





                                   SECTION IV


                    AMOUNT AND PAYMENT OF RETIREMENT BENEFIT




4.1       The retirement benefit payable at retirement shall be the sum of
 (a) minus (b), plus (c) below.





<PAGE>


          (a) the Company under the VIP
For each year or portion of a year in which the employee is a Participant shall
calculate the amount which the Company would have contributed for the benefit of
such Participant but for IRC limits


<PAGE>






         (b) For each year or portion of a year in which the employee is a
 Participant the Company shall calculate the amount which is the greater of


                           (i) the Company's actual contributions to the VIP for
         the benefit of such Participant, or


                           (U) the amount which the Company would have
         contributed to the VIP for the benefit of such Participant if the
         Participant had made all permissible elective contributions to the VIP,
         but subject to IRC limits.


         (c) The Company shall apply interest each December 31 to the amount of
 benefit, determined by subtracting (b) from (-a), as well as to any previous
 year's accumulated balance under this Plan, at the greater of



                           (i) The calendar year `s rate of return of Fidelity's
         Managed Income Portfolio as of December 31 of such year, or


<PAGE>









                                        8


<PAGE>



                  ported for the last Friday each year.


4.2 The Committee will determine in it's sole discretion whether benefit
payment(s) to the Participant will be made in 1) a single lump sum payment, or
2) in five annual installments commencing on the dates referred to in Section
III.



<PAGE>


                                    SECTION V


                                  MISCELLANEOUS


5.1 Amendments to this Plan shall be made by resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Company adopted in accordance with the by-laws of the Company
and applicable corporation law. Alternatively, amendments may be adopted by any
one or more officers of the Company if authority to amend the Plan has been
delegated to them by the Board of Directors in accordance with the by-laws of
the Company and applicable corporation law. A delegation may be general (by way
of describing the general duties and responsibilities of the officers) or
specific with regard to employee benefit plans such as this and is not valid
merely because it was made before this Plan was established. An officer
exercising delegated authority to amend the Plan shall memorialize that exercise
in writing signed by the officer.



5.2 Nothing contained herein will confer upon any Participant the right to be
retained in the service of the Company, nor will it interfere with the right of
the Company to discharge or otherwise deal with Participant(s) without regard to
the existence of this Plan.



5.3 This plan is unfunded and has no assets. There is no trust or insurance. All
payments made under the Plan are made from the general assets of the Company.
Participation in the Plan gives the employee nothing more than the Company's
contractual promise to pay deferred compensation when due in accordance with the
terms of this Plan.


5.4 The Company is not required to segregate, maintain or invest any portion of
its assets by reason of its contractual commitment to pay deferred compensation
under this Plan. If the Company nevertheless chooses to establish a reserve,
such reserve remains an asset of the Company in which no participating employee
has any right, title or interest. Employees entitled to deferred compensation
under this Plan have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company.


5.5 If a Participant is discharged by the Company for cause (conduct that is
injurious to the Company, or conduct which intentionally violates either the
Company's written policies or the reasonable directives of the Company's Chief
Executive Officer; or the commission of a felony) such Participant's rights to
any benefit under this Plan shall be forfeited.


5.6 If the Committee determines that any Participant is engaged in any trade,
profession or business which is, or likely to be, detrimental to the best
interests of the Company, or if the Committee determines that such Participant
has used or is using trade secrets or other confidential information gained
while in the employ of the Company, the Committee may, upon written notice to
the Participant, suspend or forfeit the Participant(s) right to any benefit
under this Plan.



<PAGE>


5.7 No benefits are payable under this Plan if a Participant terminates his
employment for any reason other than those specifically referred to in Section
Ill.


5.8 The Plan Administrator has all rights, duties and powers necessary or
appropriate for the administration of the Plan.


5.9 The Plan Administrator shall have and shall exercise complete discretionary
authority to construe, interpret and apply all of the terms of the Plan,
including all matters relating to eligibility for benefits, amount, time or form
of payment, and any disputed or allegedly doubtful terms. In exercising such
discretion, the Plan Administrator shall give controlling weight to the intent
of the Sponsor of the Plan.


5.10 All decisions of the Plan Administrator in the exercise of its authority
under the Plan shall be binding on the Plan, the Plan Sponsor and all
participants and beneficiaries if not appealed in accordance with the appeal
procedure. All decisions of the Plan Administrator on appeal shall be final and
binding on the Plan, the Plan Sponsor and all participants and beneficiaries.


5.11 Each Participant shall receive a copy of this Plan and the Committee will
make available for each Participant a copy of any rules and regulations used by
the Committee administering the Plan.



5.12 Each Participant will be provided an annual summary of the amount of
retirement benefit allocated under the Plan.


5.13 This Plan is established under and will be construed according to the laws
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to the extent not pre-empted by federal law.




<PAGE>


                                   SECTION VI


CLAIMS AND APPEAL PROCEDURES


6.1 There should be no need to file a claim for benefits. The Company is
expected to pay each participating employee automatically, in accordance with
the terms of this Plan. Nevertheless, a participating employee may claim
benefits under this plan by filing a written claim with the Plan Administrator.


6.2 As required by the Internal Revenue Service, a participating employee's
right to benefits under this Plan is not subject in any manner to anticipation,
alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or
garnishment by creditors of the employee or the employee's beneficiary.


6.3 If a claim is denied and the employee disagrees and wants to pursue the
matter, the employee must file an appeal in accordance with the following
procedure. An employee cannot take any other steps unless and until the appeal
procedure has been exhausted. For example, if a claim is denied and the employee
does not use the appeal procedure, the denial is conclusive and cannot be
challenged, even in court.


6.4 An appeal is filed by writing to the Plan Administrator stating the reasons
why the employee disagrees with the denial. An appeal must be made within 60
days after the claim was denied. In the appeal process, the employee has the
right to review the pertinent documents, to be represented by anyone else,
including a lawyer, and to present evidence and arguments in support of the
appeal.


6.5 The Plan Administrator will issue a written decision on the appeal within 60
days. The Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, decide to hold a
hearing, in which case it will issue its decision within 120 days. The decision
will explain the reasoning of the Plan Administrator and refer to the specific
provisions of this Plan on which the decision is based.


<PAGE>






Name of the Plan:   L.B. Foster Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan


<PAGE>


                                       12


<PAGE>



 Plan Administrator:    Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors do L.B. Foster Company, 415 Holiday Drive, Pittsburgh, Pa. 15220


 Plan Sponsor:    L.B. Foster Company, 415 Holiday Drive, Pittsburgh, Pa. 15220


Employer Identification Number:              25-1 324733


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
