<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10_23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED, EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2003
<TEXT>

                    COMTEX NEWS NETWORK, INC.
               1995 STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED

                         JANUARY 1, 2003


     SECTION 1.  Purpose of the Plan.  The purpose of this Comtex
News  Network,  Inc.  1995  Stock  Option  Plan  ("Plan")  is  to
encourage  ownership  of common stock, $.01  par  value  ("Common
Stock"),  of  Comtex  News Network, Inc., a Delaware  corporation
(the  "Company"),  by  eligible  key  employees,  directors   and
consultants of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined  below)
and  to provide increased incentive for such employees, directors
and  consultants to render services and to exert  maximum  effort
for  the  business  success  of the Company.   In  addition,  the
Company  expects  that  the  Plan  will  further  strengthen  the
identification of employees, directors and consultants  with  the
stockholders.  Certain options to be granted under this Plan  are
intended  to qualify as Incentive Stock Options ("ISOs") pursuant
to  Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as  amended
("Code"),  while other options granted under this  Plan  will  be
nonqualified  options which are not intended to qualify  as  ISOs
("Nonqualified  Options"), either or  both  as  provided  in  the
agreements  evidencing  the options  as  provided  in  Section  6
hereof.   As used in this Plan, the term "Affiliates"  means  any
"parent   corporation"  of  the  Company  and   any   "subsidiary
corporation"  of the Company within the meaning of Code  Sections
424(e) and (f), respectively.

     SECTION 2.  Administration of the Plan.

          (a)  Administrators.  The Plan shall be administered by
     administrators  (the  "Administrators")  designated  by  the
     Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  (the  "Board"),  and
     consisting  of  not  fewer than two members  of  the  Board.
     Pursuant  to  Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange  Act  of
     1934,  as amended ("Exchange Act"), no director shall  serve
     as  an  administrator unless he is a "disinterested  person"
     within the meaning of said Rule 16b-3.

          (b)   Administrators' Action.  The Administrators shall
     hold  meetings  at  such  times  and  places  as  they   may
     determine.  A majority of Administrators shall constitute  a
     quorum,  and all determinations of the Administrators  shall
     be made by not less than a majority thereof. Any decision or
     determination reduced to writing and signed by a majority of
     the  Administrators shall be fully effective as  if  it  had
     been  made  by  a majority vote of the Administrators  at  a
     meeting  duly  called  and  held.   The  Administrators  may
     designate  the  Secretary of the Company  or  other  Company
     employees to assist the Administrators in the administration
     of  the  Plan,  and may grant authority to such  persons  to
     execute award agreements or other documents on behalf of the
     Administrators  and  the  Company.   Any  duly   constituted
     committee of the Board satisfying the qualifications of this
     Section 2 may be appointed as the Administrators.

          (c)    Administrators'  Expenses.   All  expenses   and
     liabilities   incurred   by  the   Administrators   in   the
     administration  of the Plan shall be borne by  the  Company.
     The   Administrators  may  employ  attorneys,   consultants,
     accountants or other persons.

     SECTION  3.   Stock  Reserved  for  the  Plan.   Subject  to
adjustment as provided in Section 6(i) hereof, the maximum number
of  shares  of  Common  Stock for which options  may  be  granted
hereunder   shall   be   3,400,000,  such  number   to   increase
automatically on the first calendar day of each year,  commencing
on  January  1, 2001, by the lesser of (i) 750,000  shares,  (ii)
five  percent  (5%) of the then outstanding number of  shares  of
common  stock as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar
year  or  (iii) such amount as may be determined by the Board  of
Directors.  The maximum number of shares for which options may be
granted  hereunder shall be evidenced by certificates  signed  by
the  secretary of the Company from time to time which  are  filed
with  the Plan in the principal place of business of the Company.
The  shares  subject to the Plan shall consist of authorized  but
unissued  shares of Common Stock and such number of shares  shall
be and is hereby reserved for sale for such purpose.  Any of such
shares  which  may  remain unsold and which are  not  subject  to
outstanding options at the termination of the Plan shall cease to
be reserved for the purpose of the Plan, but until termination of
the  Plan  or the termination of the last of the options  granted
under  the Plan, whichever last occurs, the Company shall at  all
times  reserve  a  sufficient  number  of  shares  to  meet   the
requirements  of  the  Plan.  Should  any  option  expire  or  be
canceled  prior  to its exercise in full, the shares  theretofore
subject  to  such option may again be made subject to  an  option
under the Plan.

     SECTION   4.    Eligibility.   The   persons   eligible   to
participate  in  the Plan as a recipient of options  ("Optionee")
shall  include  only key employees, directors and consultants  of
the  Company or its Affiliates at the time the option is granted.
An  employee  or  consultant  who  has  been  granted  an  option
hereunder may be granted an additional option or options, if  the
Administrators shall so determine.

     SECTION 5.  Grant of Options.

          (a)   Administrators' Discretion.   The  Administrators
     shall have sole and absolute discretionary authority (i)  to
     determine,  authorize, and designate  those  key  employees,
     directors  and consultants of the Company or its  Affiliates
     who are to receive options under the Plan, (ii) to determine
     the  number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by  such
     options  and  the terms thereof, and (iii) to determine  the
     type  of  option  granted:  ISO, Nonqualified  Option  or  a
     combination of ISO and Nonqualified Options; provided that a
     non-employee  director  may  not  receive  any  ISOs.    The
     Administrators shall thereupon grant options  in  accordance
     with  such  determinations as evidenced by a written  option
     agreement.  Subject to the express provisions of  the  Plan,
     the  Administrators  shall have discretionary  authority  to
     prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations  relating
     to  the Plan, to interpret the Plan, to prescribe and  amend
     the  terms  of  the  option agreements (which  need  not  be
     identical)  and  to  make  all other  determinations  deemed
     necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.

          (b)   Stockholder Approval.  All options granted  under
     this  Plan are subject to, and may not be exercised  before,
     the  approval of this Plan by the affirmative  vote  of  the
     holders of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of  the
     stockholders  or by written consent in accordance  with  the
     laws  of  the  State of Delaware.  Such approval was obtained
     at the Company's Annual Meeting on December 18, 1995.

          (c)    Limitation  on  Incentive  Stock  Options.   The
     aggregate  fair market value (determined in accordance  with
     Section 6(b) of this Plan at the time the option is granted)
     of  the  Common  Stock with respect to  which  ISOs  may  be
     exercisable  for the first time by any Optionee  during  any
     calendar  year under all such plans of the Company  and  its
     Affiliates shall not exceed $100,000.

     SECTION 6.  Terms and Conditions.  Each option granted under
the  Plan  shall be evidenced by an agreement, in a form approved
by  the  Administrators, which shall be subject to the  following
express  terms  and  conditions  and  to  such  other  terms  and
conditions as the Administrators may deem appropriate.

          (a)   Option Period.  The Administrators shall promptly
     notify  the  Optionee  of the option  grant  and  a  written
     agreement shall promptly be executed and delivered by and on
     behalf  of the Company and the Optionee.  The date of  grant
     shall  be  the  date the option is actually granted  by  the
     Administrators,  even though the written  agreement  may  be
     executed and delivered by the Company and the Optionee after
     that  date.  Each option agreement shall specify the  period
     for  which  the option thereunder is granted  (which  in  no
     event  shall  exceed ten years from the date of  grant)  and
     shall  provide that the option shall expire at  the  end  of
     such period.  If the original term of an option is less than
     ten  years from the date of grant, the option may be amended
     prior   to  its  expiration,  with  the  approval   of   the
     Administrators and the Optionee, to extend the term so  that
     the term as amended is not more than ten years from the date
     of  grant.   In the case of an ISO granted to an  individual
     who,  at the time of grant, owns stock comprising more  than
     ten  (10) percent of the total combined voting power of  all
     classes  of  stock  of  the Company or its  Affiliate  ("Ten
     Percent  Stockholder"), such period shall  not  exceed  five
     years from the date of grant.

          (b)  Option Price.  The purchase price of each share of
     Common Stock subject to each option granted pursuant to  the
     Plan  shall be determined by the Administrators at the  time
     the option is granted and, in the case of ISOs, shall not be
     less than 100% of the fair market value of a share of Common
     Stock  on  the date the option is granted, as determined  by
     the  Administrators.  In the case of an ISO granted to a Ten
     Percent Stockholder, the option price shall not be less than
     110% of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock  on
     the  date the option is granted.  The purchase price of each
     share of Common Stock subject to a Nonqualified Option under
     this Plan shall be determined by the Administrators prior to
     granting  the  option.   The Administrators  shall  set  the
     purchase  price  for each share subject  to  a  Nonqualified
     Option  at  such price as the Administrators in  their  sole
     discretion shall determine, provided that the purchase price
     of  each  share  of Common Stock subject to  a  Nonqualified
     Option shall not be greater than the fair market value of  a
     share  of Common Stock on the date the option is granted  as
     determined by the Administrators.

          For  all purposes under the Plan, the fair market value
     of  a  share of Common Stock on a particular date  shall  be
     equal to the average of the reported high and low bid prices
     of the Common Stock for the preceding ten (10) days.  In the
     event the Common Stock is not actively traded at the time  a
     determination of its value is required to be made hereunder,
     the determination of its fair market value shall be made  by
     the Administrators in such manner as it deems appropriate.

          (c)   Exercise Period.  The Administrators may  provide
     in  the option agreement that an option may be exercised  in
     whole,  immediately, or is to be exercisable in  increments.
     However, no portion of any option may be exercisable  by  an
     Optionee  prior  to  the  approval  of  the  Plan   by   the
     stockholders of the Company.

          (d)    Procedure  for  Exercise.   Options   shall   be
     exercised by the delivery of written notice to the Secretary
     of  the  Company  setting forth the number  of  shares  with
     respect to which the option is being exercised.  Such notice
     shall be accompanied by cash or cashier's check, bank draft,
     postal  or express money order payable to the order  of  the
     Company,  or at the option of the Administrators, in  Common
     Stock theretofore owned by such Optionee (or any combination
     of  cash and Common Stock).  Notice may also be delivered by
     telefax  provided that the purchase price of such shares  is
     delivered to the Company via wire transfer on the  same  day
     the  telefax  is received by the Company.  The notice  shall
     specify  the  address  to which the  certificates  for  such
     shares are to be mailed.

          As promptly as practicable after receipt of such written
     notification and payment, the Company shall deliver  to  the
     Optionee certificates for the number of shares with  respect
     to  which such option has been so exercised, issued  in  the
     Optionee's name or such other name as the Optionee  directs;
     provided,  however,  that  such  delivery  shall  be  deemed
     effected for all purposes when a stock transfer agent of the
     Company shall have deposited such certificates in the United
     States  mail,  addressed  to the  Optionee  at  the  address
     specified pursuant to this Section 6(d).

          (e)   Assignability.  An option shall not be assignable
     or  otherwise transferable except by will or by the laws  of
     descent and distribution or pursuant to a qualified domestic
     relations  order as defined in the Code or Title  I  of  the
     Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, or  the
     rules  thereunder.  During the lifetime of an  Optionee,  an
     option shall be exercisable only by him.

          (f)   Incentive  Stock Options.  Each option  agreement
     may  contain such terms and provisions as the Administrators
     may  determine  to  be necessary or desirable  in  order  to
     qualify an option designated as an incentive stock option.

          (g)   No Rights as Stockholder.  No Optionee shall have
     any  rights as a stockholder with respect to shares  covered
     by  an  option until the option is exercised by the  written
     notice and accompanied by payment as provided in clause  (d)
     above.

          (h)    Extraordinary   Corporate   Transactions.    The
     existence of outstanding options shall not affect in any way
     the  right  or  power of the Company or its stockholders  to
     make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations,
     reorganizations,  exchanges,  or  other   changes   in   the
     Company's  capital structure or its business, or any  merger
     or  consolidation of the Company, or any issuance of  Common
     Stock or other securities or subscription rights thereto, or
     any  issuance  of  bonds,  debentures,  preferred  or  prior
     preference stock ahead of or affecting the Common  Stock  or
     the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the
     Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part  of  its
     assets   or  business,  or  any  other  corporate   act   or
     proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.  If
     the  Company recapitalizes or otherwise changes its  capital
     structure, or merges, consolidates, sells all of its  assets
     or dissolves (each of the foregoing a "Fundamental Change"),
     then  thereafter upon any exercise of an option  theretofore
     granted,  the  Optionee shall be entitled to purchase  under
     such option, in lieu of the number of shares of Common Stock
     as to which option shall then be exercisable, the number and
     class  of  shares  of  stock and  securities  to  which  the
     Optionee  would have been entitled pursuant to the terms  of
     the   Fundamental  Change  if,  immediately  prior  to  such
     Fundamental  Change, the Optionee had  been  the  holder  of
     record  of the number of shares of Common Stock as to  which
     such  option is then exercisable.  If (i) the Company  shall
     not  be  the surviving entity in any merger or consolidation
     (or  survives only as a subsidiary of another entity),  (ii)
     the Company sells all or substantially all of its assets  to
     any  other  person  or  entity (other  than  a  wholly-owned
     subsidiary), (iii) any person or entity (including a "group"
     as  contemplated by Section 13(d) (3) of the  Exchange  Act)
     acquires  or  gains  ownership  or  control  of  (including,
     without  limitation, power to vote) more  than  50%  of  the
     outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iv) the Company  is  to
     be  dissolved and liquidated, or (v) as a result  of  or  in
     connection  with  a  contested election  of  directors,  the
     persons  who  were  directors of  the  Company  before  such
     election shall cease to constitute a majority of the  Board,
     the Administrators, in their sole discretion, may accelerate
     the  time at which all or a portion of an Optionee's Options
     may  be  exercised for a limited period of  time  before  or
     after a specified date.

          (i)   Changes in Company's Capital Structure.   If  the
     outstanding  shares of Common Stock or other  securities  of
     the   Company,  or  both,  for  which  the  option  is  then
     exercisable  shall at any time be changed  or  exchanged  by
     declaration of a stock dividend, stock split, or combination
     of  shares, the number and kind of shares of Common Stock or
     other securities which are subject to the Plan or subject to
     any  options  theretofore granted, and  the  option  prices,
     shall  be  appropriately and equitably  adjusted  so  as  to
     maintain  the  proportionate  number  of  shares  or   other
     securities without changing the aggregate option price.

          (j)   Acceleration of Options.  Except as  hereinbefore
     expressly  provided,  (i) the issuance  by  the  Company  of
     shares of stock of any class of securities convertible  into
     shares  of stock of any class, for cash, property, labor  or
     services,  upon direct sale, upon the exercise of rights  or
     warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares
     or  obligations of the Company convertible into such  shares
     or  other  securities, (ii) the payment  of  a  dividend  in
     property other than Common Stock or (iii) the occurrence  of
     any  similar transaction, and in any case whether or not for
     fair  value, shall not affect, and no adjustment  by  reason
     thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of  shares
     of  Common  Stock subject to options theretofore granted  or
     the  purchase  price  per share, unless  the  Administrators
     shall  determine in their sole discretion that an adjustment
     is necessary to provide equitable treatment to the Optionee.
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained  in  this
     Plan,  the  Administrators  may  in  their  sole  discretion
     accelerate  the time at which any option may  be  exercised,
     including,  but not limited to, upon the occurrence  of  the
     events specified in this Section 6.

     SECTION 7.  Amendments or Termination.  The Board may amend,
alter  or  discontinue the Plan, but no amendment  or  alteration
shall  be  made  which would impair the rights of  any  Optionee,
without  his  consent, under any option theretofore  granted,  or
which,  without  the  approval of the  stockholders,  would:  (i)
except  as is provided in Section 6(i) of the Plan, increase  the
total  number  of shares reserved for the purposes of  the  Plan,
(ii)  change the class of persons eligible to participate in  the
Plan  as  provided  in Section 4 of the Plan,  (iii)  extend  the
applicable maximum option period provided for in Section 6(a)  of
the  Plan, (iv) extend the expiration date of this Plan set forth
in Section 14 of the Plan, (v) except as provided in Section 6(i)
of  the  Plan,  decrease to any extent the option  price  of  any
option   granted   under   the  Plan,  or   (vi)   withdraw   the
administration of the Plan from the Administrators.

     SECTION 8.  Compliance With Other Laws and Regulations.  The
Plan,  the  grant  and  exercise of options thereunder,  and  the
obligation  of the Company to sell and deliver shares under  such
options,  shall  be subject to all applicable federal  and  state
laws,  rules  and  regulations  and  to  such  approvals  by  any
governmental  or  regulatory agency  as  may  be  required.   The
Company   shall  not  be  required  to  issue  or   deliver   any
certificates  for shares of Common Stock prior to the  completion
of  any  registration or qualification of such shares  under  any
federal  or state law or issuance of any ruling or regulation  of
any  government  body  which  the  Company  shall,  in  its  sole
discretion,   determine  to  be  necessary  or  advisable.    Any
adjustments provided for in subparagraphs 6(h), (i) and (j) shall
be  subject  to  any  shareholder  action  required  by  Delaware
corporate law.

     SECTION 9. Purchase for Investment.  Unless the options  and
shares  of Common Stock covered by this Plan have been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Company  has
determined  that  such registration is unnecessary,  each  person
exercising  an  option under this Plan may  be  required  by  the
Company  to give a representation in writing that he is acquiring
such  shares for his own account for investment and  not  with  a
view to, or for sale in connection with, the distribution of  any
part thereof.

     SECTION 10. Taxes.

          (a)   The  Company may make such provisions as  it  may
     deem  appropriate for the withholding of any taxes which  it
     determines  is  required  in  connection  with  any  options
     granted under this Plan.

          (b)   Notwithstanding the terms of Paragraph 11(a), any
     Optionee may pay all or any portion of the taxes required to
     be withheld by the Company or paid by him in connection with
     the  exercise of a nonqualified option by electing  to  have
     the   Company  withhold  shares  of  Common  Stock,  or   by
     delivering previously owned shares of Common Stock, having a
     fair  market value, determined in accordance with  Paragraph
     6(b),  equal to the amount required to be withheld or  paid.
     An  Optionee must make the foregoing election on  or  before
     the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined
     ("Tax  Date").   All  such  elections  are  irrevocable  and
     subject to disapproval by the Administrators.

     SECTION 11. Replacement of Options.  The Administrators from
time  to  time may permit an Optionee under the Plan to surrender
for  cancellation any unexercised outstanding option and  receive
from  the Company in exchange an option for such number of shares
of  Common Stock as may be designated by the Administrators.  The
Administrators  may, with the consent of the person  entitled  to
exercise  any  outstanding option, amend such  option,  including
reducing  the exercise price of any option to not less  than  the
fair  market  value  of  the Common Stock  at  the  time  of  the
amendment and extending the term thereof.

     SECTION 12. No Right to Company Employment.  Nothing in this
Plan, or as a result of any option granted pursuant to this Plan,
shall  confer  on  any individual any right to  continue  in  the
employ  of the Company or interfere in any way with the right  of
the  Company to terminate an individual's employment at any time.
The   option  agreements  may  contain  such  provisions  as  the
Administrators  may  approve  with reference  to  the  effect  of
approved leaves of absence.

     SECTION  13.  Liability of Company.   The  Company  and  any
Affiliate  which  is  in  existence,  or  hereafter  comes   into
existence, shall not be liable to an Optionee or other persons as
to:
          (a)   The Non-Issuance of Shares.  The non-issuance  or
     sale  of  shares as to which the Company has been unable  to
     obtain  from  any  regulatory body having  jurisdiction  the
     authority deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to
     the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder; and

          (b)   Tax  Consequences.  Any tax consequence expected,
     but not realized, by any Optionee or other person due to the
     exercise of any option granted hereunder.

     SECTION 14. Effectiveness and Expiration of Plan.  The  Plan
shall be effective on the date the Board adopts the Plan.  The Plan
shall  expire  ten years  after the date the Board approves the
Plan and  thereafter no option shall be granted pursuant to the Plan.

     SECTION  15.  Non-Exclusivity  of  the  Plan.   Neither  the
adoption  by  the Board, nor the submission of the  Plan  to  the
stockholders  of the Company for approval, shall be construed  as
creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt  such
other  incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including
without  limitation, the granting of restricted  stock  or  stock
options otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements  may
be  either  generally applicable or applicable only  in  specific
cases.

     SECTION  16.  Governing Law.  This Plan and  any  agreements
hereunder  shall be interpreted and construed in accordance  with
the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law.

     SECTION 17. Cashless Exercise.  The Administrators also  may
allow  cashless  exercises  as permitted  under  Federal  Reserve
Board's  Regulation  T,  subject  to  applicable  securities  law
restrictions,  or  by  any other means which  the  Administrators
determine to be consistent with the Plan's purpose and applicable
law.   The  proceeds from such a payment shall be  added  to  the
general  funds  of  the Company and shall  be  used  for  general
corporate purposes.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
