<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.7
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>dex997.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO THE AFFILIATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.7

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 3

                                       TO

                              AFFILIATION AGREEMENT
                                  by and among
                         FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION,
                               FIFTH THIRD BANCORP
                                       and
                        FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION

     This AMENDMENT NO. 3 dated as of this 27/th/ day of March, 2003 to that
certain Affiliation Agreement dated as of July 23, 2002, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 dated as of September 9, 2002 and Amendment No. 2 dated as of December 10,
2002 (the "Agreement") by and among Franklin Financial Corporation ("Franklin"),
Fifth Third Bancorp ("Fifth Third") and Fifth Third Financial Corporation
("Fifth Third Financial").

                                   WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, each of Franklin, Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial agree that
it is in their mutual best interests to enter into this Amendment No. 3 to
further facilitate the orderly consummation of the transactions contemplated by
the Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations,
warranties and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

     1. Defined Terms. Except for capitalized terms, which are expressly defined
in this Amendment No. 3, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth
in the Agreement.

     2. Amendment to Section I.C.1. The parties hereby agree that Section I.C.1
of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following new Section
I.C.1 is hereby inserted in place thereof:

     "C. Treatment of Franklin Stock. 1. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
     Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of
     Franklin Common Stock, subject to this Section I.C.1 and Section I.F., each
     share of Franklin Common Stock (excluding treasury shares) that is issued
     and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted
     into that number of shares of Fifth Third Common Stock (or cash in lieu
     thereof for fractional shares, if any, as described in Section I.E. below)
     (the "Exchange Ratio") equal to (i) the sum of $31.00 plus the Franklin
     Book Value Per Share Adjustment (as defined

<PAGE>

     below in this Section I.C.1), divided by (ii) the Average Closing Price (as
     defined in Section I.D.1 below).

          "Franklin Book Value Per Share Adjustment" shall be calculated as the
     amount equal to (i) the Franklin Book Value as of the end of the fiscal
     quarter preceding the Effective Time divided by the number of shares of
     Franklin Common Stock outstanding as of the end of such fiscal quarter
     minus (ii) the Franklin Book Value as of March 31, 2003 divided by the
     number of shares of Franklin Common Stock outstanding as of March 31, 2003.
     "Franklin Book Value" shall be calculated as the aggregate amount of
     consolidated shareholders' equity (including common stock, additional
     paid-in capital and retained earnings and excluding treasury stock) of
     Franklin as of the relevant fiscal quarter end, as shown by and reflected
     in its books and records of accounts on a consolidated basis in accordance
     with GAAP, consistently applied, but excluding any expenses or accruals
     after March 31, 2003 relating to (i) the adjustments contemplated by
     Section IV.C. herein, (ii) termination or funding of any Benefit Plans of
     Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries as contemplated herein, (iii)
     expenses associated with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
     herein, and (iv) expenses and gains or losses associated with the mark to
     market value of Franklin's or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries' investments
     as required by GAAP (including SFAS 115).

          The parties agree that Deloitte & Touche LLP, or such other firm of
     independent certified public accountants as the parties may mutually agree
     upon, shall review and confirm the calculation of the Franklin Book Value
     as of each of the relevant calculation dates and the calculation of the
     Franklin Book Value Per Share Adjustment, including the conformity of such
     calculations with GAAP, consistently applied. The parties further agree
     that they shall act in good faith to promptly resolve any disagreements as
     to such calculations so as not to delay the Closing.

          At the Effective Time, all shares of Franklin Common Stock held as
     treasury shares and all shares of Franklin Common Stock owned by Fifth
     Third or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries (other than in a fiduciary,
     custodial or similar capacity or owned as a result of a debt previously
     contracted) will be canceled and terminated and no shares of Fifth Third or
     other consideration will be issued in exchange therefor."

     4. Amendment to Section VIII.A.2. The parties hereby agree that Section
VIII.A.2 is hereby amended to replace the date "April 1, 2003" with the date
"June 30, 2004".

     5. Amendment to Section VIII.A.5. The parties hereby agree that Section
VIII.A.5 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following
new Section VIII.A.5 is hereby inserted in place thereof:

     "5. By Fifth Third if any event occurs which renders impossible of
     satisfaction one or more of the conditions to the obligations of Fifth
     Third and Fifth Third Financial to effect the Merger set forth in Sections
     VI.A and VI.B

                                       2

<PAGE>

     herein and non-compliance is not waived by Fifth Third and Fifth Third
     Financial, provided, however, that neither Fifth Third nor Fifth Third
     Financial may terminate this Agreement on or before May 31, 2004 based upon
     any alleged impossibility of satisfying the condition that all approvals
     required to be obtained from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
     System as are necessary to consummate the Merger have been obtained."

     6. Insertion of New Section VIII.A.9. The parties hereby agree that the
following new Section VIII.A.9 shall be, and hereby is, added to the Agreement
immediately following Section VIII.A.8.:

     "9. By Franklin, if the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
     has not granted, on or before May 31, 2004, to Fifth Third and Franklin all
     approvals required to be obtained from such Board of Governors as are
     necessary to consummate the Merger, provided that Franklin shall not be in
     material breach or default of any representation, warranty or covenant
     contained herein on the date of such termination."

     7. Amendment to Section VIII.B. The parties hereby agree that Section
VIII.B. is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following new Section VIII.B.
is hereby inserted in place thereof:

     "B.  Effect of Termination. Upon termination as provided in this Article
     VIII, this Agreement, except for the provisions of Sections V.D.2., VII.F.,
     VII.J. or VIII.C. hereof, shall be void and of no further force or effect,
     and except as set forth in Section VIII.C. below, no party hereto (nor any
     of their respective officers, directors or subsidiaries) shall have any
     liability of any kind to any other party including but not limited to
     liability for expenses incurred by the other party in connection with this
     transaction; provided that no such termination shall relieve a breaching
     party from liability for any uncured willful breach of a covenant,
     undertaking, representation or warranty giving rise to such termination,
     but in no event shall any party be liable for punitive or exemplary
     damages."

     8. Insertion of New Section VIII.C. The parties hereby agree that the
following new Section VIII.C. shall be, and hereby is, added to the Agreement
immediately following Section VIII.B.:

     "C.  Termination Fee. In the event that Franklin validly terminates the
     Agreement pursuant to Section VIII.A.9, then Fifth Third shall pay Franklin
     the amount of Twenty Seven Million Dollars ($27,000,000) (the "Termination
     Fee") by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five business
     days following Fifth Third's receipt of written notice of such termination.
     The payment by Fifth Third of the Termination Fee pursuant to the preceding
     sentence shall be Franklin's exclusive remedy against Fifth Third and Fifth
     Third Financial upon such termination event. The parties further agree that
     simultaneously with the payment and receipt of the Termination Fee they
     shall execute a full release and waiver of all claims that they may have
     against each other."

                                       3

<PAGE>

     9.  Reaffirmation. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment No. 3,
the parties hereby ratify and confirm each and every provision of the Agreement.
The parties further agree that neither the extensions of the time periods as set
forth above nor any fact or circumstance which may have necessitated such
extensions constitute any breach or default of any provision of the Agreement.

     10. Entire Agreement. The terms and provisions of the Agreement (including
the documents and instruments referred to therein and Amendments No. 1 and
Amendment No. 2), together with this Amendment No. 3, constitute the entire
agreement among the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

     11. Counterparts. This Amendment No. 3 may be executed in counterparts, all
of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that the parties need not
sign the same counterpart.

     12. Governing Law. This Amendment No. 3 shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to any applicable
conflicts of law principles (except to the extent that mandatory provisions of
federal or state law apply).

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Franklin Financial Corporation, Fifth Third Bancorp and
Fifth Third Financial Corporation have caused this Amendment No. 3 to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date
first above written.

                                        FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                        By: /s/ Gordon E. Inman
                                           -----------------------------------
                                                Name: Gordon E. Inman
                                                Title: Chairman


                                        FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

                                        By: /s/ Paul L. Reynolds
                                           -----------------------------------
                                                Paul L. Reynolds
                                                Executive Vice President


                                        FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                        By: /s/ Paul L. Reynolds
                                           -----------------------------------
                                                Paul L. Reynolds
                                                Executive Vice President

                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
