<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>stockoptionplan2002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.4 2002 STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>








                 RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.

                      2002 STOCK OPTION PLAN





























                  Effective as of August 1, 2002

                 RYAN'S FAMILY STEAK HOUSES, INC.

                      2002 STOCK OPTION PLAN

     1.  PURPOSE

     The  purpose  of the Ryan's Family Steak Houses,  Inc.  Stock
Option   Plan   (the  "Plan")  is  to  promote  the   growth   and
profitability of Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc. (the  "Company")
and  its  subsidiaries from time to time (the  "Subsidiaries")  by
increasing  the  personal participation of key  personnel  in  the
continued  growth  and financial success of the  Company  and  the
Subsidiaries  by  enabling the Company  and  the  Subsidiaries  to
attract and retain key personnel of outstanding competence and  by
providing  such  key personnel with an equity opportunity  in  the
Company.  This purpose will be achieved through the grant of stock
options ("Options") to purchase shares of the common stock of  the
Company.

     2.  ADMINISTRATION

     The  Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee
of   the   Company's   Board  of  Directors   (the   "Compensation
Committee");   provided,  however,  that,  if   the   Compensation
Committee includes members who are not "outside directors" (within
the  meaning  of  Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue  Code  of
1986,   as  amended  (the  "Code"),  or  any  successor  provision
("Section  162(m)"))  or  "non-employee  directors"  (within   the
meaning  of  Rule  16b-3  ("Rule  16b-3")  promulgated  under  the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange  Act"))  the  Plan
shall  be  administered by a special committee  of  the  Board  of
Directors   that   includes  those  members   of   the   Company's
Compensation  Committee  (not less  than  two)  who  are  "outside
directors"   and  "non-employee  directors."   The   administering
committee  shall  be referred to herein as the  "Committee."   The
Committee  shall  have complete authority to:  (i)  interpret  all
terms  and provisions of the Plan consistent with law; (ii) select
from the group of those individuals eligible to participate in the
Plan  the  key  personnel to whom Options shall be granted;  (iii)
within  the  limits established herein, determine  the  number  of
shares  to  be subject to and the term of each Option  granted  to
each  of  such personnel; (iv) prescribe the form of instrument(s)
evidencing  Options granted under this Plan;   (v)  determine  the
time or times at which Options shall be granted; (vi) make special
grants  of  Options  when  determined  to  be  appropriate;  (vii)
provide,   if  appropriate,  for  the  exercise  of   Options   in
installments  and/or  subject  to  specified  conditions;   (viii)
determine  the  method of exercise of Options  granted  under  the
Plan;  (ix)  determine  any other terms and  conditions  to  which
Options shall be subject, so long as such terms and conditions are
not  inconsistent  with this Plan; (x) adopt,  amend  and  rescind
general   and  special  rules  and  regulations  for  the   Plan's
administration;  and (xi) make all other determinations  necessary
or advisable for the administration of this Plan.
     Any  action which the Committee is authorized to take may  be
taken without a meeting if all the members of the Committee sign a
written  document  authorizing such action  to  be  taken,  unless
different  provision is made by the Bylaws of the  Company  or  by
resolution of the Committee.
     The Committee may designate selected Board members or certain
employees  of  the  Company  to  assist  the  Committee   in   the
administration of the Plan and may grant authority to such persons
to execute documents including Options on behalf of the Committee;
subject  in each such case to the requirements of Rule  16b-3  and
Section 162(m).
     No  member  of  the  Board or Committee or  employee  of  the
Company assisting the Board or Committee pursuant to the preceding
paragraph  shall  be liable for any action taken or  determination
made in good faith.
     3.  ELIGIBILITY  AND  FACTORS TO BE  CONSIDERED  IN  GRANTING
OPTIONS

           Participation in this Plan shall be determined  by  the
Committee  and  (other than grants pursuant to Section  5  hereof)
shall  be  limited to those key personnel, who may or may  not  be
officers or members of the Board of Directors, of the Company  and
the  Subsidiaries  who have the greatest impact on  the  Company's
long-term performance.  In making any determination as to the  key
personnel to whom Options shall be granted and as to the number of
shares  to  be  subject  thereto, the Committee  shall  take  into
account,  in  each  case,  the level  and  responsibility  of  the
position, performance, compensation, assessed potential  and  such
other  factors  as  the  Committee  shall  deem  relevant  to  the
accomplishment of the purposes of the Plan.
     Directors of the Company or any Subsidiary who are  not  also
employees  of  the Company or any Subsidiary are not  eligible  to
participate  in  this Plan, except pursuant to Section  5  of  the
Plan.   Options may be granted under this Plan only for  a  reason
connected with employment or directorship.

     4. STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN

      The  stock  to be offered under this Plan, upon exercise  of
Options,  may  be  authorized but unissued common  shares,  shares
previously  issued  and thereafter acquired  by  the  Company  (if
permitted  by  applicable  law), or any combination  thereof.   An
aggregate  of  3,600,000  shares are reserved  for  the  grant  of
Options  under this Plan, any or all of which, at the  Committee's
discretion, may be intended to qualify as incentive stock  options
under  Section 422 of the Code.  Of the 3,600,000 shares  reserved
for  this Plan, 900,000 shares shall be 10-Year Option Shares  and
the remaining 2,700,000 shares shall be 7-Year Option Shares.  The
maximum number of shares of the Company's common stock that may be
covered  by Options granted under the Plan in any fiscal  year  of
the  Company to any single participant is 100,000.  Provided  that
the adjustment does not cause compensation payable under this Plan
to lose its deductibility under Section 162(m), the maximum number
of shares subject to the Plan, and the number of shares designated
as  10-Year  Option  Shares and 7-Year  Option  Shares,  shall  be
appropriately adjusted to reflect any change in the capitalization
of  the  Company resulting from a stock dividend, stock split,  or
other  adjustment  contemplated by Section 15  of  this  Plan  and
occurring after the adoption of this Plan.
     If  an Option granted hereunder shall expire or terminate for
any  reason  without having been fully exercised, the  unpurchased
shares  subject thereto shall again be available for the  purposes
of this Plan.
     The  Committee  will maintain records showing the  cumulative
total  of  all  shares subject to Options outstanding  under  this
Plan.

     5.  OPTIONS  FOR  DIRECTORS  WHO  ARE  NEITHER  OFFICERS  NOR
EMPLOYEES

     The grant of Options under this Section 5 shall be limited to
those  directors  of the Company who, on the date  of  grant,  are
neither  officers nor employees of the Company or  any  Subsidiary
(each an "Eligible Director").
     On October 31 of each calendar year (or, if October 31 is not
a  business  day,  the immediately preceding  business  day)  (the
"Grant  Date"), each Eligible Director shall automatically receive
from the Company an option to acquire 5,000 shares of common stock
at  an  exercise price equal to the closing price  of  the  common
stock on the Grant Date (an "Eligible Director Option"); provided,
that  no Eligible Director Options may be awarded under this  Plan
unless  and  until  no shares remain available for  the  grant  of
options  under  the  Company's 1998 Stock Option  Plan.   Eligible
Director  Options shall be granted with respect to 10-Year  Option
Shares so long as any such shares remain available under the Plan.
An Eligible Director Option granted with respect to 10-Year Option
Shares shall be exercisable in full on and after the date that  is
six  months  after the Grant Date and from time to time thereafter
until,   and  including,  the  date  that  is  the  business   day
immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date.  An
Eligible  Director Option granted with respect  to  7-Year  Option
Shares shall be exercisable (a) with respect to half of the 7-Year
Option Shares with respect to which such Option is granted, on and
after the first anniversary of the Grant Date and (b) with respect
to  all  of  the 7-Year Option Shares with respect to  which  such
Option  is  granted,  on and after the second anniversary  of  the
Grant  Date, and in each case from time to time thereafter, until,
and  including,  the  date  that is the business  day  immediately
preceding  the seventh anniversary of the Grant Date.   Notice  of
each  such Option granted on a Grant Date shall be given  to  each
Eligible  Director within a reasonable time after the Grant  Date.
The  number of shares with respect to which Eligible Directors are
to  receive  Options  each  Grant Date shall  not  be  subject  to
automatic  adjustment pursuant to Section 15., provided,  however,
that  the  Committee may elect to adjust such number of shares  in
the manner provided in Section 15. upon the occurrence of an event
that  gives  rise  to  an  adjustment  pursuant  to  Section   15.
Outstanding  Options  held by Eligible Directors  are  subject  to
adjustment in accordance with Section 15.
     This  Section 5 may not be amended more frequently than  once
every  six  months,  other than to comport  with  changes  in  the
Internal Revenue Code or the rules and regulations thereunder.

     6. ALLOTMENT OF SHARES

     The  Committee may, in its sole discretion and subject to the
provisions  of  the  Plan, grant to eligible participants,  on  or
after the effective date hereof, Options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock.  Options granted under this Plan  may,  at
the  discretion  of  the  Committee, be:  (i)  Options  which  are
intended  to qualify as incentive stock options under Section  422
of  the Code (or any successor provision); (ii) Options which  are
not  intended to so qualify under Section 422 of the Code (or  any
successor  provision); or (iii) both of the foregoing  if  granted
separately and not in tandem.  Each Option granted under this Plan
must  be clearly identified as to its status as an incentive stock
option or not.
     Options  may  be  allotted to participants in  such  amounts,
subject  to  the  limitations  specified  in  this  Plan,  as  the
Committee,  in  its  sole  discretion,  may  from  time  to   time
determine.
     In  the  case  of  Options intended  to  be  incentive  stock
options,  the aggregate fair market value (determined at the  time
of  the Options' respective grants) of the shares with respect  to
which  such  Options  are exercisable for  the  first  time  by  a
participant  hereunder during any calendar year (under  all  plans
taken into account pursuant to Section 422(d) of the Code (or  any
successor provision)) shall not exceed $100,000.
     Options  not  intended to qualify as incentive stock  options
under Section 422 of the Code (or any successor provision) may  be
granted to any Plan participant without regard to the Section  422
limitations.

     7. OPTION PRICE

     The  price  per share at which each Option granted under  the
Plan  may  be exercised shall be such price as shall be determined
by  the  Committee at the time of grant based on such criteria  as
may  be adopted by the Committee in good faith; provided, however,
in  no  case shall the exercise price per share be less  than  one
hundred  percent  (100%) of the fair market value  of  the  common
stock  at  the time such Option is granted (or 110% for owners  of
more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock  of  the Company or any Subsidiary).  Other than adjustments
pursuant to Section 15 of this Plan, the price per share at  which
an  Option granted under this Plan may be exercised shall  not  be
changed after the date of grant.
     If the Company's shares of common stock are:
                (1)   actively  traded on any national  securities
     exchange  or  NASDAQ system that reports their sales  prices,
     fair  market value shall be the closing price  per  share  on
     the date the Committee grants the Option;
               (2)  otherwise traded over the counter, fair market
     value  shall be the average of the final bid and asked prices
     for  the shares of the Company's common stock as reported for
     the date the Committee grants the Option; or
                (3)  not traded, the Committee shall consider  any
     factor  or  factors  which it believes  affects  fair  market
     value,  and shall determine fair market value without  regard
     to  any  restriction other than a restriction  which  by  its
     terms will never lapse.


     8. TERM OF OPTION

     The  term  of  each Option granted under the  Plan  shall  be
established by the Committee, but shall not exceed (a) in the case
of Options granted with respect to 10-Year Option Shares, ten (10)
years  from the date of grant; (b) in the case of Options  granted
with  respect  to 7-Year Option Shares, seven (7) years  from  the
date of grant; and (c) notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b), in the
case of Options granted to any owner of more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of
a Subsidiary, five (5) years from the date of the grant.

     9. TIME OF GRANTING OPTIONS

     The  date of grant of an Option under the Plan shall, for all
purposes,   be  the  date  on  which  the  Committee   makes   the
determination   of   granting  such   Option.    Notice   of   the
determination shall be given to each individual to whom an  Option
is  so  granted, within a reasonable time after the date  of  such
grant.

     10. NON-TRANSFERABILITY

     An  Option granted to a participant under this Plan shall not
be  transferable  by  him or her except by will  or  the  laws  of
descent  and distribution or, to the extent not inconsistent  with
the  applicable  provisions of the Code, pursuant  to  a  domestic
relations  order.   In the case of an Option  intended  to  be  an
incentive stock option, such Option shall not be transferable by a
participant  other  than  by  will or  the  laws  of  descent  and
distribution   and  during  the  optionee's  lifetime   shall   be
exercisable only by him or her.

     11. EXERCISE OF OPTIONS

     Vesting  in General. Subject to the provisions of this  Plan,
an Option may be exercisable upon such terms and conditions as may
be determined by the Committee at the time of grant, provided that
(a)  an Option granted with respect to 10-Year Option Shares shall
first become exercisable, and shall be exercisable in full, on and
after the date that is six months after the date of grant and from
time  to  time  thereafter until such Option expires  and  (b)  an
Option  granted with respect to 7-Year Option Shares  shall  first
become  exercisable (i) with respect to half of the 7-Year  Option
Shares with respect to which such Option is granted, on and  after
the  first anniversary of the date of grant and (ii) with  respect
to  all  of  the 7-Year Option Shares with respect to  which  such
Option is granted, on and after the second anniversary of the date
of  grant,  and  from time to time thereafter  until  such  Option
expires.   Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  upon  any  Change  of
Control (as defined below) all outstanding Options, to the  extent
not  already exercisable, shall become immediately exercisable  in
full.   An  Option  granted  under  Section  5  hereof  shall   be
exercisable in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 hereof.
The  Committee  may,  in its discretion, temporarily  suspend  the
exercise  of Options from time to time for a period not to  exceed
thirty (30) days.
     Change  of  Control.   "Change of  Control"  shall  mean  the
occurrence  of  any  one of the following: (a)  the  sale,  lease,
transfer,  conveyance or other disposition (other than by  way  of
merger   or  consolidation),  in  one  or  a  series  of   related
transactions,  of all or substantially all of the  assets  of  the
Company  and  its  Subsidiaries taken as a whole to  any  "person"
(within  the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange  Act)  other
than one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company; (b) the
adoption  of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution  of
the  Company; (c) the first day on which a majority of the members
of  the Board are not Continuing Directors (as defined below);  or
(d)   the  consummation  of  any  transaction  (including  without
limitation any merger, share exchange or consolidation) the result
of  which is that any "person" (as defined above), other  than  an
Exempt  Person or Exempt Persons, becomes, directly or indirectly,
the  "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under
the  Exchange Act, except that an entity or person shall be deemed
to  have "beneficial ownership" of all shares that any such entity
or  person  has  the  right  to acquire,  whether  such  right  is
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) of more
than  35% of the outstanding common stock of the Company; provided
that the transactions covered by this clause (d) shall not include
the  acquisition  by  the  Company of its common  stock;  provided
further,  however,  that  if (x) any "person" (as  defined  above)
becomes,  directly  or  indirectly,  the  "beneficial  owner"  (as
defined above) of more than 35% of the outstanding common stock of
the  Company solely as a result of acquisition by the  Company  of
its  common  stock,  (y)  such "person"  thereafter  acquires  any
additional  shares  of  common  stock  of  the  Company  and   (z)
immediately  after such acquisition such "person" is, directly  or
indirectly, the "beneficial owner" (as defined above)  of  35%  or
more  of  the outstanding common stock of the Company,  then  such
acquisition  of  additional shares shall constitute  a  Change  of
Control.
     "Exempt  Person" shall mean (a) the Company, (b) any  wholly-
owned   Subsidiary  of  the  Company,  (c)  any   individual   who
immediately before the transaction is an executive officer of  the
Company,  (d) any employee benefit plan of the Company or  any  of
its  wholly-owned Subsidiaries or (e) any entity or person holding
shares  of common stock for or pursuant to the terms of  any  such
plan  if  such  entity  or  person is  not  a  beneficiary  of  or
participant in such plan.
     "Continuing Directors" shall mean, as of any date, any member
of  the  Board who (i) was a member of the Board on the  effective
date of this Plan or (ii) was nominated for election or elected to
the  Board  with  the  approval of a majority  of  the  Continuing
Directors  who  were  members of the Board at  the  time  of  such
nomination or election.
     Exercisability  of  Incentive  Stock  Options.   Any   Option
granted  under  this  Plan  which is intended  to  qualify  as  an
incentive  stock  option under Section 422 of  the  Code  (or  any
successor provision) (other than an Option granted to a person who
was  an  executive  officer of the Company (as designated  by  the
Board  of  Directors) at the time of the grant of  the  Option  (a
"Grant-Date  Officer")) shall terminate in full  (whether  or  not
previously exercisable) prior to the expiration of its term on the
date  the  optionee ceases to be a director of the Company  or  an
employee  of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company,  unless
the  optionee shall (a) die while a director of the Company or  an
employee  of  the Company or such Subsidiary, in  which  case  the
participant's  personal  representative  or  representatives   may
exercise all or part of the previously unexercised portion of  the
Option  at any time within one year after the participant's  death
(but no later than the fixed term of the Option) for the number of
shares for which the Option could have been exercised at the  time
the  participant died, (b) become permanently or totally  disabled
within  the  meaning  of Section 22(e)(3)  of  the  Code  (or  any
successor  provision)  while  a director  of  the  Company  or  an
employee  of  the  Company  or a Subsidiary,  in  which  case  the
participant or his or her personal representative may exercise the
previously  unexercised portion of the Option at any  time  within
one   year   after  termination  of  his  or  her  employment   or
directorship (but no later than the fixed term of the Option)  for
the  number  of  shares  for  which the  Option  could  have  been
exercised  at  the  time  the participant terminated  his  or  her
employment  because of becoming permanently or  totally  disabled,
(c)  resign  with the consent of the Company or have  his  or  her
directorship  with the Company or employment with the  Company  or
any Subsidiary terminated by the Company or any Subsidiary for any
reason other than because of an "Immediate Termination Event"  (as
defined  below),  in which case the participant may  exercise  the
previously  unexercised portion of the Option at any  time  within
three  months  after the participant's resignation or  termination
(but no later than the fixed term of the Option) for the number of
shares for which the Option could have been exercised  immediately
prior  to  such  resignation or termination, (d) retire  with  the
consent of the Company after the optionee has reached his  or  her
55th  birthday  and  has at least 10 years  of  service  with  the
Company  or  any  Subsidiary, in which case  the  participant  may
exercise the previously unexercised portion of such Option at  any
time  prior to the expiration of its fixed term for the number  of
shares  for which the Option could have been exercised immediately
prior  to such retirement, or (e) retire with the consent  of  the
Company  after  the optionee has reached his or her 55th  birthday
and  has  fewer than 10 years of service with the Company  or  any
Subsidiary,  in  which  case  the  participant  may  exercise  the
previously  unexercised portion of such Option at any time  within
two  years  after the participant's retirement (but no later  than
the  fixed term of the Option) for the number of shares for  which
the  Option  could have been exercised immediately prior  to  such
retirement.
     Exercisability  of Stock Options other than  Incentive  Stock
Options.  Any Option granted under this Plan which is not intended
to  qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of  the
Code (or any successor provision) (other than an Option granted to
a  Grant-Date  Officer) shall terminate in full  (whether  or  not
previously exercisable) prior to the expiration of its term on the
date  the  optionee ceases to be a director of the Company  or  an
employee  of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company,  unless
the  optionee shall (a) die while a director of the Company or  an
employee  of  the Company or such Subsidiary, in  which  case  the
participant's  personal  representative  or  representatives   may
exercise all or part of the previously unexercised portion of  the
Option at any time within two years after the participant's  death
(but no later than the fixed term of the Option) for the number of
shares for which the Option could have been exercised at the  time
the  participant died, (b) become permanently or totally  disabled
within  the  meaning  of Section 22(e)(3)  of  the  Code  (or  any
successor  provision)  while  a director  of  the  Company  or  an
employee  of  the  Company  or a Subsidiary,  in  which  case  the
participant or his or her personal representative may exercise the
previously  unexercised portion of the Option at any  time  within
two   years  after  termination  of  his  or  her  employment   or
directorship (but no later than the fixed term of the Option)  for
the  number  of  shares  for  which the  Option  could  have  been
exercised  at  the  time  the participant terminated  his  or  her
employment  because of becoming permanently or  totally  disabled,
(c)  resign  with the consent of the Company or have  his  or  her
directorship  with the Company or employment with the  Company  or
any Subsidiary terminated by the Company or any Subsidiary for any
reason other than because of an "Immediate Termination Event"  (as
defined  below),  in which case the participant may  exercise  the
previously  unexercised portion of the Option at any  time  within
three  months  after the participant's resignation or  termination
(but no later than the fixed term of the Option) for the number of
shares for which the Option could have been exercised  immediately
prior  to  such  resignation or termination, (d) retire  with  the
consent of the Company after the optionee has reached his  or  her
55th  birthday  and  has at least 10 years  of  service  with  the
Company  or  any  Subsidiary, in which case  the  participant  may
exercise the previously unexercised portion of such Option at  any
time  prior to the expiration of its fixed term for the number  of
shares  for which the Option could have been exercised immediately
prior  to such retirement, or (e) retire with the consent  of  the
Company  after  the optionee has reached his or her 55th  birthday
and  has  fewer than 10 years of service with the Company  or  any
Subsidiary,  in  which  case  the  participant  may  exercise  the
previously  unexercised portion of such Option at any time  within
two  years  after the participant's retirement (but no later  than
the  fixed term of the Option) for the number of shares for  which
the  Option  could have been exercised immediately prior  to  such
retirement.
     Options  to  Grant-Date Officers. In the case  of  an  Option
granted   to  a  Grant-Date  Officer,  the  termination  of   such
participant's  employment for a reason  other  than  an  Immediate
Termination Event (as defined below) shall not affect the term  of
the  Option  and  the Option shall be exercisable  by  the  option
holder  or  his  or her personal representative for its  remaining
term notwithstanding such termination of employment.
     Immediate Termination Event. An "Immediate Termination Event"
means termination of employment or directorship by reason of:  (i)
misuse  of  Company or Subsidiary assets (which shall include  but
not  be  limited to cash, inventory and/or equipment); (ii)  gross
misconduct  in connection with the performance of job  duties  for
the  Company  or any Subsidiary; (iii) conviction of a  felony  or
entry  of a guilty or nolo contendere plea to a felony offense  by
the  individual; (iv) failure to pass a drug test administered  by
the  Company or any Subsidiary; or (v) obvious intoxication on the
job  or  consumption of any alcoholic beverage on the premises  of
the  Company or any Subsidiary.  Notwithstanding anything  to  the
contrary  herein,  if a participant to whom an Option  shall  have
been  granted shall have his or her directorship with the  Company
or  employment with the Company or a Subsidiary terminated because
of  an  Immediate  Termination Event, all  options  held  by  such
participant  shall  terminate in full (whether or  not  previously
exercisable) prior to their term on the date that the  participant
ceased  to  be  an  employee of the Company or a Subsidiary  or  a
director of the Company.
     No  Exercise After Fixed Term of Option.  In no event may  an
Option be exercised after the expiration of its fixed term.

     12. METHOD OF EXERCISE

     Each Option granted under this Plan shall be deemed exercised
when  the  holder: (a) shall indicate the decision  to  do  so  in
writing  delivered to the Company; (b) shall tender to the Company
payment  in  full  in cash, or in shares of the  Company's  common
stock,  of the exercise price for the shares for which the  Option
is  exercised; (c) shall tender to the Company payment in full  in
cash, or in shares of the Company's common stock, of the amount of
all  federal  and  state  withholding or  other  employment  taxes
applicable to the taxable income, if any, of the holder  resulting
from   such  exercise;  and  (d)  shall  comply  with  such  other
reasonable requirements as the Committee may establish.
     No  person,  estate or other entity shall  have  any  of  the
rights  of  a shareholder with reference to shares subject  to  an
Option until a certificate or certificates for the shares has been
delivered.
     An  Option granted under this Plan may be exercised  for  any
lesser number of shares than the full amount for which it could be
exercised.  Such a partial exercise of an Option shall not  affect
the  right  to exercise the Option from time to time in accordance
with this Plan for the remaining shares subject to the Option.  An
optionee must exercise Options in 100 share increments, unless the
optionee  is exercising Options upon or after termination  of  the
optionee's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary.

     13. CANCELLATION AND REPLACEMENT OF OPTIONS

     The  Committee may, at any time or from time to time,  permit
the  voluntary  surrender by the holder of any outstanding  Option
under  this  Plan  where such surrender is  conditioned  upon  the
granting to such holder of new Option(s) for such number of shares
as  the Committee shall determine, or may require such a voluntary
surrender  as a condition precedent to the grant of new  Option(s)
to such holder.
     The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of new
Options, including the prices at and periods during which they may
be  exercised, in accordance with the provisions of this Plan, all
or  any  of which may differ from the terms and conditions of  the
Options  surrendered.  Any such new Option(s) shall be subject  to
all  the  relevant provisions of this Plan.  IN NO EVENT, HOWEVER,
SHALL  A  CANCELLATION AND REGRANT BE USED TO EFFECT A "REPRICING"
THAT WOULD RESULT IN A DECREASE IN THE PER-SHARE EXERCISE PRICE OF
AN OPTION GRANTED UNDER THIS PLAN.
     The  shares subject to any Option(s) so surrendered shall  no
longer be charged against the limitation provided in Section 4  of
this Plan and may again become shares subject to the Plan.
     Except as may be otherwise required under Section 162(m) with
respect to "covered employees" (as defined in Section 162(m)), the
granting  of  new  Option(s) in connection with the  surrender  of
outstanding Option(s) under this Plan shall be considered for  the
purposes  of  the Plan as the grant of new Option(s)  and  not  an
alteration,  amendment  or modification of  the  Plan  or  of  the
Option(s) being surrendered.

     14. TERMINATION OF OPTIONS

     An  Option  granted  under  this  Plan  shall  be  considered
terminated  in whole or in part to the extent that, in  accordance
with  the  provisions of this Plan, it can no longer be  exercised
for  any  shares  originally subject to the  Option.   The  shares
subject to any Option, or portion thereof, which terminates  shall
no longer be charged against the limitation provided in Section  4
of this Plan and may again become shares subject to the Plan.

     15. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION

     In  the  event of a stock dividend, recapitalization, merger,
reorganization, consolidation, stock split, stock consolidation or
any  other  change in the characteristics of the shares of  common
stock,  the shares reserved for purposes of this Plan, the  shares
designated  as 10-Year Option Shares and 7-Year Option Shares  and
the  shares  subject  to Options outstanding  hereunder  shall  be
correspondingly  increased, diminished  or  changed,  so  that  by
exercise  of any outstanding Option the participant shall receive,
without  change  in  aggregate purchase price, securities,  as  so
increased,   diminished  or  changed,  (and  other  property,   if
applicable)  comparable  to  the  securities  (and  property,   if
applicable)  he  or  she would have received  if  he  or  she  had
exercised  his or her Option prior to such event and had continued
to  hold  the  common stock so purchased until  affected  by  such
event;  provided with respect to incentive stock options that,  in
the  case  of  a  corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition  of
property or stock, separation, reorganization or liquidation,  the
excess of the aggregate fair market value of the shares subject to
any  Option  immediately  after  such  event  over  the  aggregate
exercise price of such shares is not more than the excess  of  the
aggregate  fair market value of all shares subject to  the  Option
immediately before such event over the aggregate exercise price of
such  shares.  The Committee, in its discretion, may elect not  to
make  adjustments  pursuant  to this Section  15.  to  the  extent
necessary to ensure that compensation payable under this Plan does
not lose its deductibility on account of Section 162(m).
     Adjustments  under  this  Section  shall  be  made   by   the
Committee,  whose  determination as to what adjustments  shall  be
made,  and  the  extent  thereof,  shall  be  final,  binding  and
conclusive.

     16.  COMPLIANCE  WITH SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  AND
OTHER REQUIREMENTS

     No  certificate(s) for shares shall be executed and delivered
upon exercise of an Option until the Company shall have taken such
action,  if any, as is then required to comply with the provisions
of  the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act,  as
amended,  the South Carolina Uniform Securities Act,  as  amended,
any other applicable state blue sky law(s) and the requirements of
any  exchange  or NASDAQ system on which the common stock  of  the
Company may, at the time, be listed.
     In  the  case  of the exercise of an Option by  a  person  or
estate  acquiring the right to exercise the Option by  bequest  or
inheritance, the Committee may require reasonable evidence  as  to
the  ownership  of  the Option and may require  such  consent  and
releases of taxing authorities as it may deem advisable.

     17. NO RIGHT TO EMPLOYMENT

     Neither  the adoption of the Plan nor its operation, nor  any
document describing or referring to the Plan, or any part thereof,
shall  confer  upon any participant under this Plan any  right  to
continue  in  the employ or as a director of the  Company  or  any
Subsidiary, or shall in any way affect the right and power of  the
Company   or  any  Subsidiary  to  terminate  the  employment   or
directorship of any participant in this Plan at any time  with  or
without  assigning a reason therefore, to the same extent  as  the
Company  or Subsidiary might have done if this Plan had  not  been
adopted.

     18. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

     The  Committee  may at any time suspend, amend  or  terminate
this Plan.  The Committee may make such modifications of the terms
and  conditions  of a holder's Option as it shall deem  advisable.
No  Option  may be granted during any suspension of  the  Plan  or
after  such termination.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of  this  Section, no amendment, suspension or termination  shall,
without  the consent of the holder of an Option, alter  or  impair
any  rights  or  obligations under any Option theretofore  granted
under the Plan.
     In  addition  to Committee approval of an amendment,  if  the
amendment would: (i) materially increase the benefits accruing  to
participants;  (ii)  increase the number  of  securities  issuable
under this Plan (other than an increase merely reflecting a change
in  capitalization such as a stock dividend or stock split); (iii)
change the class of employees eligible to receive Options; or (iv)
otherwise materially modify the requirements for eligibility, then
such  amendment shall be approved by a majority of the  shares  of
the Company's capital stock present and voting either in person or
by  proxy,  and entitled to vote, at a meeting duly  held  of  the
stockholders of the Company.

     19. USE OF PROCEEDS

     The  proceeds received by the Company from the sale of shares
pursuant  to  Options granted under the Plan  shall  be  used  for
general corporate purposes as determined by the Board.

     20. INDEMNIFICATION OF COMMITTEE

     In  addition to such other rights of indemnification as  they
may  have  as  members of the Board, the members of the  Committee
shall,  to the fullest extent permitted by law, be indemnified  by
the  Company against the reasonable expenses, including attorney's
fees,  actually  and necessarily incurred in connection  with  the
defense of any action, suit, investigation or other proceeding, or
in  connection with any appeal therein, to which they  or  any  of
them  may  be a party by reason of any action taken or failure  to
act  under  or  in connection with the Plan or any Option  granted
thereunder,  and  against all amounts paid by them  in  settlement
thereof (provided such settlement is approved by independent legal
counsel  selected by the Company) or paid by them in  satisfaction
of  a  judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except  in
relation  to  matters  as to which it shall be  adjudged  in  such
action,  suit  or proceeding that such Board member (or  Committee
member,   as  applicable)  is  liable  for  gross  negligence   or
misconduct in the performance of his or her duties; provided  that
within  60  days  after institution of any such  action,  suit  or
proceeding  the Board member (or Committee member, as  applicable)
shall  in  writing offer the Company the opportunity, at  its  own
expense, to handle and defend the same.

     21. EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE PLAN

     This  Plan shall be effective as of August 1, 2002,  subject,
however,  to  approval by the requisite shareholder  vote  at  the
meeting of shareholders of the Company to be held on or about July
22, 2002.

     22. SECTION 162(m)

     This  Plan  and  its operation are intended  to  satisfy  the
requirements  of  Section 162(m) with respect  to  permitting  the
deductibility  of  compensation for  those  participants  who  are
"covered employees" for purposes of Section 162(m).  In the  event
that  any  provision of this Plan or an Option granted under  this
Plan  does not so satisfy Section 162(m), that provision shall  be
deemed amended to the extent necessary to satisfy Section 162(m).

     23. DURATION OF THE PLAN

     Unless  previously  terminated by the  Committee,  this  Plan
shall terminate at the close of business on July 31, 2012, and  no
Option  shall be granted under it thereafter, but such termination
shall not affect any option theretofore granted under the Plan.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
