<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2(1)(G)
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d03725exv10w2x1yxgy.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SIXTH AMENDMENT TO SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                              EXHIBIT 10.2(1)(g)

                                 SIXTH AMENDMENT
                                     TO THE
                                BELO SAVINGS PLAN
                (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE JULY 1, 2000)


         Belo Corp., a Delaware corporation, pursuant to authorization by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, adopts the following
amendments to the Belo Savings Plan (the "Plan"), effective as of January 1,
2002, except as otherwise indicated.

         1. Section 4.4(b) of the Plan is amended in its entirety effective as
of May 7, 2002, to read as follows:

                  (b)      Method of Allocation.

                           (i) General Rule. Except as provided in Section
         4.4(b)(ii), the share of net income or net loss of the Trust Fund to be
         credited to, or deducted from, each Account will be the allocable
         portion of the net income or net loss of the investment fund in which
         such Account, or any subaccount of such Account, is invested as of each
         Valuation Date, as determined by the Committee in a uniform and
         nondiscriminatory manner.

                           (ii) Special Rule for Interest Accumulated by Wells
         Fargo Bank. Any amounts held in cash by Wells Fargo Bank of Texas, as
         trustee of the Plan ("Wells Fargo"), will be invested by Wells Fargo in
         short-term interest-bearing instruments. As soon as practicable after
         the last day of any calendar quarter on which there is at least $500 of
         accumulated interest in excess of any cash required by Wells Fargo to
         manage the sale and reinvestment of Series B Common Stock, such
         accumulated interest will be allocated to each eligible Participant's
         Account by the Committee as net income of the Trust Fund, in a uniform
         and nondiscriminatory manner, based on the ratio that the amount of
         each eligible Participant's Account that is invested in Series A Common
         Stock held by Wells Fargo as of the last day of such calendar quarter
         bears to the total amount of all eligible Participants' Accounts that
         is invested in Series A Common Stock held by Wells Fargo as of the last
         day of such calendar quarter. The interest so allocated to an eligible
         Participant's Account will be invested proportionately in the
         investment funds selected by the Participant in his most recent
         investment direction. For purposes of this paragraph, an "eligible
         Participant" with respect to a calendar quarter is a Participant who is
         an Employee on the last day of the calendar quarter and for whom Wells
         Fargo holds shares of Series A Common Stock as of the last day of the
         calendar quarter.

         2. Section 6.1(c) of the Plan ("Form of Distributions after March 31,
2001") is amended by adding a second sentence thereto to read as follows:

         The cash value of the whole and fractional shares of Company Stock
         allocated to a Participant's Accounts will be distributed to the
         Participant in cash unless the Participant


<PAGE>
         elects to receive distribution of the whole shares allocated to his
         Accounts in the form of shares.

         3. Clause (iii) of Section 6.3(b) of the Plan ("Deemed Financial Need")
is amended in its entirety to read as follows:

                  (iii) the payment of tuition, related educational fees and
         room and board expenses for the next 12 months of post-secondary
         education for the Participant, his spouse, children or dependents (as
         defined in Code section 152);

         4. Section 10.2(d) of the Plan ("Contribution Percentage") is amended
by adding the following sentence thereto:

         Deferral Contributions may also be included in the Contribution
         Percentages used to satisfy the Average Contribution Percentage Test
         described in Section 10.7(a) of the Plan, provided that the Average
         Deferral Percentage Test described in Section 10.6(a) of the Plan is
         met before such Deferral Contributions are included in the Average
         Contribution Percentage Test and continues to be met following the
         exclusion of such Deferral Contributions.

         5. Section 10.2(e) of the Plan ("Deferral Percentage") is amended by
adding the following sentence thereto:

         Deferral Contributions that are taken into account in the Average
         Contribution Percentage Test described in Section 10.7(a) of the Plan
         will be excluded from the Deferral Percentage (provided the Actual
         Deferral Percentage Test described in Section 10.6(a) of the Plan is
         satisfied both with and without exclusion of such Deferral
         Contributions).

         6. Appendix A to the Plan ("Participating Employers") is amended
effective July 1, 2002, to add the following employer as a Participating
Employer:

                    Belo Advertising Customer Services, Inc.

         Executed at Dallas, Texas, this 5th day of November, 2002.

                                 BELO CORP.



                                 By /s/ Marian Spitzberg
                                    ------------------------------------------
                                        Marian Spitzberg
                                        Senior Vice President, Human Resources



                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
