<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit10f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2002 EXECUTIVE BONUS PROGRAM - EMC REINSURANCE
<TEXT>
                                                    EXHIBIT 10(f)
                                                    -------------
                         2002 EXECUTIVE BONUS PROGRAM

                                    EMC RE



PURPOSES AND BENEFITS:

1.  To improve profits, surplus and service in EMC Reinsurance Company.

2.  To recognize the effort and contribution to profit by a senior
    executive of the company.

3.  To cause an executive under this Plan to improve the earnings of the
    company - not to be a profit sharing program.

4.  Applicable to the officer who is listed below:

      Ronnie D. Hallenbeck

GENERAL PROGRAM:

Any bonus payment earned under this program will be paid to the executive in
"4" above about April 15, or as soon as all information is available for the
operating year on which to base payments.  If there is a disagreement or
misunderstanding of the basis for the bonus or in the calculation of the
amounts, the decision of the Chief Executive Officer will be final.

UNDERWRITING BONUS BASIS:

Bonus basis is keyed to the adjusted combined loss and expense ratio of EMC Re
computed according the formula below.  Calculations will be to the nearest
1/10th of 1%.

Step One:  The actual combined trade ratio is adjusted by the profit or loss
incurred by EMCC under the occurrence cap protection.

Step Two:  The adjusted combined trade ratio from Step One is compared to that
of the reinsurance industry as published by the Reinsurance Association of
America.  If it is greater than the RAA combined, no further adjustment is
made.  If it is lower than the RAA combined ratio, the adjusted combined trade
ratio is reduced by the difference, subject to a maximum reduction of three
points.

Step Three:  If the adjusted combined ratio from Steps One and Two is greater
than 108.0, no bonus is payable.  For every point by which the combined ratio
is less than 108.0, 12.5% of the bonus potential is earned so that the maximum
bonus is earned if the adjusted combined ratio is less than or equal to 100.0.

The adjusted combined loss and expense ratio of the company as defined for
purposes of calculation under this plan may be modified by reserve adjustments
or corrections only by approval of the Senior Executive Compensation
Committee.

NOTE:  Potential bonus under this plan is 35% of base annual salary for the
program year.

ADMINISTRATION:

1.  An executive must have been on the payroll a minimum of six months
    before he or she is eligible for a bonus payment.

2.  An executive leaving the Companies before the established date for the
    payment of bonuses will not be paid a bonus.

3.  An executive retiring or becoming deceased or disabled before the
    established date for the payment of bonuses will receive a bonus on the
    basis of the portion of the year he or she is on the payroll.

4.  If an executive is promoted during the year and given a salary increase,
    the bonus will be pro-rated on the basis of the salaries paid for the
    specific position.

5.  Deductions for Federal and State income taxes and FICA, if applicable,
    will be made from each bonus on the basis of IRS regulations.

6.  As a general rule, no bonus will be paid if there is not an increase
    in surplus for the year; however, even in the event of no increase in
    surplus, before making a recommendation to pay or not pay a bonus, the
    Senior Officers Compensation Committee will take into consideration
    a number of factors that have a direct relationship to surplus.  Examples
    of factors to be considered would be the following:

    a)  The direction and degree that surplus has moved in the property and
        casualty reinsurance industry as a whole.

    b)  The existence or absence of an excessive number and the dollar size,
        of natural catastrophes.

    c)  The Company's reserving policy and the experience of the adequacy
        or inadequacy thereof.

    c)  Trends in the equity and fixed income markets as reflected by the
        major market indexes.

    d)  The nature of securities transactions; the reasoning for them and
        the short and long-term effects thereof.

    f)  Dividends paid to EMC Group above $1,000,000.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
