<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g80495exv10w18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.18 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED 01/01/03
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.18

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         AGREEMENT by and between Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company") and D. Bryan Jordan ("Executive"), dated as of the
1st day of January, 2003.

         The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), has determined
that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure
that the Company will have the continued dedication of Executive,
notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change of Control (as
defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is imperative to diminish
the inevitable distraction of Executive by virtue of the personal uncertainties
and risks created by a pending or threatened Change of Control and to encourage
Executive's full attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the
event of any threatened or pending Change of Control, and to provide Executive
with compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control which
ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of Executive will be
satisfied and which are competitive with those of other corporations. Therefore,
in order to accomplish these objectives, the Board has caused the Company to
enter into this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

         1.       Certain Definitions.

                  (a)      The "Effective Date" shall mean the first date during
the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section l(b)) on which a Change of
Control (as defined in Section 2) occurs. Anything in this Agreement to the
contrary notwithstanding, if a Change of Control occurs and if Executive's
employment with the Company is terminated prior to the date on which the Change
of Control occurs, and if it is reasonably demonstrated by Executive that such
termination of employment (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken
steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise
arose in connection with or anticipation of a Change of Control, then for all
purposes of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date immediately
prior to the date of such termination of employment.

                  (b)      The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending on the third anniversary of the date
hereof; provided, however, that commencing on the date one year after the date
hereof, and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date and each annual
anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Renewal Date"),
unless previously terminated, the Change of Control Period shall be
automatically extended so as to terminate three years from such Renewal Date,
unless at least 60 days prior to the Renewal Date the Company shall give notice
to Executive that the Change of Control Period shall not be so extended.

<PAGE>

         2.       Change of Control. For the purposes of this Agreement, a
"Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

                  (a)      An acquisition (other than directly from the Company)
of any voting securities of the Company (the "Voting Securities") by any
"Person" (as the term person is used for the purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"))
immediately after which such Person has Beneficial Ownership (within the meaning
of Rule l3d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of fifty percent (50%) or more
of the combined voting power of the Company's then-outstanding Voting
Securities; provided, however, in determining whether or not a Change of Control
has occurred, Voting Securities which are acquired in a "Non-Control
Acquisition" (as hereinafter defined) shall not constitute an acquisition which
would constitute a Change of Control. A "Non-Control Acquisition" shall mean an
acquisition by (i) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
maintained by the Company or any affiliate of the Company, (ii) by the Company,
or (iii) any Person in connection with a Non-Control Transaction (as hereinafter
defined);

                  (b)      Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute
the Board (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a
director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for
election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a
majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be
considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but
excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of
office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with
respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened
solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the
Board; or

                  (c)      The consummation of:

                           (i)      A merger, consolidation or reorganization
with or into the Company in which securities of the Company are issued, unless
such merger, consolidation or reorganization is a "Non-Control Transaction". A
"Non-Control Transaction" is a merger, consolidation or reorganization with or
into the Company or in which securities of the Company are issued where:

                                    A.       the shareholders of the Company
immediately before such merger, consolidation, or reorganization, own, directly
or indirectly, at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the combined voting power of
the outstanding voting securities of the corporation resulting form such merger,
consolidation or reorganization (the "Surviving Corporation") in substantially
the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Securities immediately
before such merger, consolidation or reorganization,


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                    B.       the individuals who were members of
the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the execution of the agreement
providing for such merger, consolidation or reorganization constitute at least a
majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation
or a corporation owning directly or indirectly fifty-one percent (51%) or more
of the Voting Securities of the Surviving Corporation, and

                                    C.       no person other than (i) the
Company, (ii) any subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) any employee benefit plan
(or any trust forming a part thereof) maintained by the Company immediately
prior to such merger, consolidation, or reorganization owns fifty percent (50%)
or more of the combined voting power of the Surviving Corporation's
then-outstanding voting securities; or

                           (ii)     A complete liquidation or dissolution of the
Company; or

                           (iii)    The sale or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company to any Person.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed
to occur solely because any Person (the "Subject Person") acquired Beneficial
Ownership of more than the permitted amount of the outstanding Voting Securities
as a result of the acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company which, by
reducing the number of Voting Securities outstanding, increases the proportional
number of shares Beneficially Owned by the Subject Person, provided that if a
Change of Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) and after
such acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company, the Subject Person becomes
the Beneficial Owner of any additional Voting Securities, then a Change of
Control shall occur.

         3.       Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to continue
Executive in its employ, and Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of
the Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the
period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the third anniversary of
such date (the "Employment Period").

         4.       Terms of Employment.

                  (a)      Position and Duties.

                           (i)      During the Employment Period, (A)
Executive's position (including status, offices, titles and reporting
requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least
commensurate in all material respects with the most significant of those held,
exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date and (B) Executive's services shall be performed


                                       3
<PAGE>

at the location where Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective
Date or any office or location less than 35 miles from such location.

                           (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any
periods of vacation and sick leave to which Executive is entitled, Executive
agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during normal business hours to
the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent necessary to
discharge the responsibilities assigned to Executive hereunder, to use
Executive's reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such
responsibilities. During the Employment Period it shall not be a violation of
this Agreement for Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable
boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or
teach at educational institutions and (C) manage personal investments, so long
as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of
Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance with
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that to the extent that
any such activities have been conducted by Executive prior to the Effective
Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the conduct of activities
similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to the Effective Date shall not
thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of Executive's
responsibilities to the Company.

                  (b)      Compensation.

                           (i) Base Salary. During the Employment Period,
Executive shall receive an annual base salary ("Annual Base Salary") at a rate
at least equal to the rate of base salary in effect on the date of this
Agreement or, if greater, on the Effective Date, paid or payable (including any
base salary which has been earned but deferred) to Executive by the Company and
its affiliated companies. During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary
shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after the last salary increase awarded
to Executive prior to the Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any
increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other
obligation to Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base Salary shall not be
reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this
Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased. As used in this
Agreement, the term "affiliated companies" shall include any company controlled
by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

                           (ii) Annual Bonus. In addition to Annual Base Salary,
Executive shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the Employment
Period, an annual bonus (the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least equal to
Executive's highest bonus under the Company's Management Incentive Bonus Plan,
or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plans, for the last
three full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date (annualized in the event
that Executive was not employed by the Company for the whole of such fiscal
year) (the "Recent Annual Bonus"). Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later
than the end of the third month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal


                                       4
<PAGE>

year for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless Executive shall elect to
defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus.

                           (iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. During
the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs
applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs
provide Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with respect to both
regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such
distinction is applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit
opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most
favorable of those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for
Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any
time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if
more favorable to Executive, those provided generally at any time after the
Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated
companies.

                           (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment
Period, Executive and/or Executive's eligible dependents, as the case may be,
shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under
welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company
and its affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical,
prescription, dental, disability, employee life, group life, accidental death
and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable
generally to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies,
but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide
Executive with benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the
most favorable of such plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to Executive, those provided generally at
any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and
its affiliated companies.

                           (v) Expenses. During the Employment Period, Executive
shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses
incurred by Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices
and procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in effect for
Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to Executive, as in effect generally at any
time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

                           (vi) Fringe Benefits. During the Employment Period,
Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation,
tax and financial planning services, payment of club dues, and, if applicable,
use of an automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the
most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its
affiliated companies in effect for Executive


                                       5
<PAGE>

at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date
or, if more favorable to Executive, as in effect generally at any time
thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
affiliated companies.

                           (vii) Office and Support Staff. During the Employment
Period, Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial and
other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided
to Executive by the Company and its affiliated companies at any time during the
120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to
Executive, as provided generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

                           (viii) Vacation. During the Employment Period,
Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most
favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its
affiliated companies as in effect for Executive at any time during the 120-day
period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to
Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other
peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

         5.       Termination of Employment.

                  (a)      Death or Disability. Executive's employment shall
terminate automatically upon Executive's death during the Employment Period. If
the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has
occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability
set forth below), it may give to Executive written notice in accordance with
Section 13(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate Executive's
employment. In such event, Executive's employment with the Company shall
terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by Executive
(the "Disability Effective Date"), provided that, within the 30 days after such
receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of
Executive's duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the
absence of Executive from Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time
basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental
or physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician
selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to Executive or
Executive's legal representative.

                  (b)      Cause. The Company may terminate Executive's
employment during the Employment Period for Cause. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

                           (i) the willful and continued failure of Executive to
perform substantially Executive's reasonably assigned duties with the Company or
one of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due
to physical or mental


                                       6
<PAGE>

illness or from the assignment to Executive of duties that would constitute Good
Reason under Section 5(c)(i), and specifically excluding any failure by
Executive, after reasonable efforts, to meet performance expectations), which
failure continues for a period of at least 30 days after a written demand for
substantial performance, signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, has
been delivered to Executive which specifically identifies the manner in which
Executive has failed to substantially performed his duties; provided, however,
that no failure to perform by Executive after a Notice of Termination is given
to the Company by Executive shall constitute Cause for purposes of this
Agreement, or

                           (ii) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal
conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to
the Company.

For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of
Executive, shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted to be
done, by Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that Executive's
action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure
to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the
Board or upon the instructions of a senior officer of the Company or based upon
the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done,
or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and in the best interests of
the Company. The cessation of employment of Executive shall not be deemed to be
for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy
of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than
three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board
called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to
Executive and Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be
heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board,
Executive is guilty of the conduct described in subparagraph (i) or (ii) above,
and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

                  (c)      Good Reason. Executive's employment may be terminated
by Executive for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason"
shall mean:

                           (i) the assignment to Executive of any duties
inconsistent in any respect with Executive's position (including status,
offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or
responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) of this Agreement, or any other
action by the Company which results in a diminution in such position, authority,
duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an isolated,
insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is
remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by
Executive;

                           (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of
the provisions of Section 4(b) of this Agreement, other than an isolated,
insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is
remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by
Executive;


                                       7
<PAGE>

                           (iii) the Company's requiring Executive to be based
at any office or location other than as provided in Section 4(a)(i)(B) hereof or
the Company's requiring Executive to travel on Company business to a
substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Effective
Date;

                           (iv) any purported termination by the Company of
Executive's employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this Agreement;

                           (v) any failure by the Company to comply with and
satisfy Section 12(c) of this Agreement;

                           (vi) any other material breach by the Company of any
provision of this Agreement; or

                           (vii) a termination of employment by the Executive
for any reason during the 30-day period immediately following the first
anniversary of the Change of Control.

         Good Reason shall not include Executive's death or Disability.
Executive's continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of
rights with respect to, any circumstance constituting Good Reason hereunder. For
purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good Reason"
made by Executive shall be conclusive.

                  (d)      Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company
or Executive shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party
hereto given in accordance with Section 13(b) of this Agreement. For purposes of
this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a written notice which (i)
indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii)
to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of
Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice,
specifies the termination date. If a dispute exists concerning the provisions of
this Agreement that apply to Executive's termination of employment, the parties
shall pursue the resolution of such dispute with reasonable diligence. Within
five (5) days of such a resolution, any party owing any payments pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement shall make all such payments together with interest
accrued thereon at the rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The failure by Executive or the
Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which
contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of
Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude Executive or the
Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing
Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                  (e)      Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" means (i)
if Executive's employment is terminated other than by reason of death or
Disability, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date
specified therein, as the case may be, or (ii) if Executive's employment is
terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be
the date of death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may
be.

         6.       Obligations of the Company upon Termination.

                  (a) Termination by Executive for Good Reason; Termination by
the Company Other Than for Cause or Disability. If, during the Employment
Period, the Company shall terminate Executive's employment other than for Cause
or Disability, or Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason:

                           (i) the Company shall pay to Executive in a lump sum
in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the
following amounts:

                                    A.       the sum of (1) Executive's Annual
Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid,
(2) the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus or (II) the
Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or portion thereof which has
been earned but deferred (and annualized for any fiscal year consisting of less
than twelve full months or during which Executive was employed for less than
twelve full months), for the most recently completed fiscal year during the
Employment Period, if any (such higher amount being referred to as the "Highest
Annual Bonus") and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days
in the current fiscal year through the Date of Termination, and the denominator
of which is 365, (3) any accrued vacation pay to the extent not theretofore
paid, and (4) unless Executive has elected a different payout date in a prior
deferral election, any compensation previously deferred by Executive (together
with any accrued interest or earnings thereon) to the extent not theretofore
paid (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4) shall be
hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued Obligations"); and

                                    B.       the amount equal to the product of
(1) three and (2) the sum of (x) Executive's Annual Base Salary and (y) the
Highest Annual Bonus;

                           (ii) for three years after the Date of Termination,
or such longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan,
program, practice or policy, the Company shall continue benefits to Executive
and/or Executive's eligible dependents at least equal to those which would have
been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices and
policies described in Section 4(b)(iv) of this Agreement if Executive's
employment had not been terminated or, if more favorable to Executive, as in
effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer


                                       9
<PAGE>

executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families,
provided, however, that if Executive becomes re-employed with another employer
and is eligible to receive medical or other welfare benefits under another
employer provided plan, the medical and other welfare benefits described herein
shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such
applicable period of eligibility. For purposes of determining eligibility (but
not the time of commencement of benefits) of Executive for retiree benefits
pursuant to such plans, practices, programs and policies, Executive shall be
considered to have remained employed until three years after the Date of
Termination and to have retired on the last day of such period;

                           (iii) the Company shall, at its sole expense as
incurred, provide Executive with outplacement services the scope and provider of
which shall be selected by Executive in his sole discretion; and

                           (iv) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided,
the Company shall timely pay or provide to Executive any other amounts or
benefits required to be paid or provided or which Executive is eligible to
receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of
the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts and benefits shall
be hereinafter referred to as the "Other Benefits").

                  (b)      Death. If Executive's employment is terminated by
reason of Executive's death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall
terminate without further obligations to Executive's legal representatives under
this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely
payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to
Executive's estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within
30 days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other
Benefits, the term Other Benefits as used in this Section 6(b) shall include
without limitation, and Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall be
entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits
provided by the Company and affiliated companies to the estates and
beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such affiliated companies
under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits,
if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their
beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
Effective Date or, if more favorable to Executive's estate and/or Executive's
beneficiaries, as in effect on the date of Executive's death.

                  (c)      Disability. If Executive's employment is terminated
by reason of Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement
shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, other than for payment
of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits.
Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30
days of the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other
Benefits, the term Other Benefits as used in this Section 6(c) shall include,
and Executive shall be entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive,
disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those
generally


                                       10
<PAGE>

provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to disabled executives
and/or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and
policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to
other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period
immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to Executive
and/or Executive's family, as in effect at the Date of Termination.

                  (d)      Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If Executive's
employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period, this
Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive other than
the obligation to pay to Executive (x) his Annual Base Salary through the Date
of Termination, (y) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by
Executive, and (z) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore
unpaid. If Executive voluntarily terminates employment during the Employment
Period, excluding a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate
without further obligations to Executive, other than for Accrued Obligations and
the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued
Obligations shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of
the Date of Termination.

                  (e)      Expiration of Employment Period. If Executive's
employment shall be terminated due to the normal expiration of the Employment
Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive,
other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or
provision of Other Benefits.

         7.       Non-exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall
prevent or limit Executive's continuing or future participation in any plan,
program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliated
companies and for which Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Section 13(f),
shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as Executive may
have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated
companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise
entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of or any
contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliated companies at or
subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such
plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly
modified by this Agreement.

         8.       Full Settlement; No Mitigation. The Company's obligation to
make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its
obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim,
recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have
against Executive or others. In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek
other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts
payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such
amounts shall not be reduced whether or not Executive obtains other employment.


                                       11
<PAGE>

         9.       Costs of Enforcement. The Company agrees to pay as incurred,
to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and expenses which Executive
may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome
thereof) by the Company, Executive or others of the validity or enforceability
of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of
performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by Executive about the
amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on
any delayed payment at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section
7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code. Executive shall also be entitled to be paid all
reasonable legal fees and expenses, if any, incurred in connection with any tax
audit or proceeding to the extent attributable to the application of Section
4999 of the Code to any payment or benefit hereunder. Such payments shall be
made within five (5) business days after delivery of Executive's respective
written requests for payment accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses
incurred as the Company reasonably may require.

         10.      Certain Additional Payments by the Company.

                  (a)      Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in the event it shall be
determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit
of Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to
any additional payments required under this Section 10) (a "Payment") would be
subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any interest or
penalties are incurred by Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise
tax, together with any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then Executive shall be entitled to receive an
additional payment (a "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that after payment
by Executive of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with
respect to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon
the Gross-Up Payment, Executive retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal
to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments.

                  (b)      Subject to the provisions of Section 10(c), all
determinations required to be made under this Section 10, including whether and
when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and
the assumptions to be used in arriving at such determination, shall be made by
Ernst & Young LLP or such other certified public accounting firm as may be
designated by Executive (the "Accounting Firm") which shall provide detailed
supporting calculations both to the Company and Executive within 15 business
days of the receipt of notice from Executive that there has been a Payment, or
such earlier time as is requested by the Company. In the event that the
Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity
or group effecting the Change of Control, Executive shall appoint another
nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required
hereunder


                                       12
<PAGE>

(which accounting firm shall then be referred to as the Accounting Firm
hereunder). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely
by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 10,
shall-be paid by the Company to Executive within five days of the receipt of the
Accounting Firm's determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall
be binding upon the Company and Executive. As a result of the uncertainty in the
application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination
by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which
will not have been made by the Company should have been made ("Underpayment"),
consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event
that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 10(c) and Executive
thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm
shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such
Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of
Executive.

                  (c)      Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any
claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the
payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given
as soon as practicable but no later than ten business days after Executive is
informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of
such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. Executive
shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following
the date on which it gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period
ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).
If the Company notifies Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such
period that it desires to contest such claim, Executive shall:

                           (i) give the Company any information reasonably
requested by the Company relating to such claim,

                           (ii) take such action in connection with contesting
such claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to
such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

                           (iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in
order effectively to contest such claim, and

                           (iv) permit the Company to participate in any
proceedings relating to such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of


                                       13
<PAGE>

such representation and payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation of the
foregoing provisions of this Section 10(c), the Company shall control all
proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole option, may
pursue or forgo any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and
conferences with the taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its
sole option, either direct Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund
or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and Executive agrees to
prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in
a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the
Company shall determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs
Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the
amount of such payment to Executive, on an interest-free basis and shall
indemnify and hold Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise
Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed
with respect to such advance or with respect to any imputed income with respect
to such advance; and further provided that any extension of the statute of
limitations relating to payment of taxes for the taxable year of Executive with
respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to
such contested amount. Furthermore, the Company's control of the contest shall
be limited to issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable
hereunder and Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may
be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority.

                  (d)      If, after the receipt by Executive of an amount
advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 10(c), Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, Executive shall (subject to the
Company's complying with the requirements of Section 10(c)) promptly pay to the
Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited
thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by Executive of
an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 10(c), a determination is
made that- Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such
claim and the Company does not notify Executive in writing of its intent to
contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after such
determination, then such advance shall-be forgiven and shall not be required to
be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset, to the extent thereof,
the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

         11.      Confidential Information. Executive shall hold in a fiduciary
capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information,
knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its affiliated companies,
and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by Executive
during Executive's employment by the Company or any of its affiliated companies
and which shall not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by
Executive or representatives of Executive in violation of this Agreement). After
termination of Executive's employment with the Company, Executive shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required
by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any such information, knowledge
or data to anyone other than the Company and those designated


                                       14
<PAGE>

by it. In no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Section
11 constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable
to Executive under this Agreement.

         12.      Successors.

                  (a)      This Agreement is personal to Executive and without
the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by Executive
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive's legal
representatives.

                  (b)      This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

                  (c)      The Company will require any successor (whether
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession
had taken place. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as
hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as
aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of
law, or otherwise.

         13.      Miscellaneous.

                  (a)      This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama, without reference to
principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of
the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not
be amended or modified otherwise than-by a written agreement executed by the
parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

                  (b)      All notices and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed as follows:

                  If to Executive:          940 Lake Colony Run
                                            Vestavia Hills, AL   35242

                  If to the Company:        Regions Financial Corporation
                                            P.O. Box 10247
                                            Birmingham, Alabama 35202
                                            Attention: General Counsel


                                       15
<PAGE>

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in
writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective
when actually received by the addressee.

                  (c)      The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision of this Agreement.

                  (d)      The Company may withhold from any amounts payable
under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be
required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

                  (e)      Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon
strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to assert
any right Executive or the Company may have hereunder, including, without
limitation, the right of Executive to terminate employment for Good Reason
pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) of this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a
waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this
Agreement.

                  (f)      Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as
may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between Executive
and the Company, the employment of Executive by the Company is "at will" and,
subject to Section 1(a) hereof, Executive's employment and/or this Agreement may
be terminated by either Executive or the Company at any time prior to the
Effective Date, in which case Executive shall have no further rights under this
Agreement. From and after the Effective Date this Agreement shall supersede any
other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has hereunto set Executive's hand and,
pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has
caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the
day and year first above written.


                                    /s/  D. BRYAN JORDAN
                                    ----------------------------------
                                             D. BRYAN JORDAN

                                    REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION


                                    By:  /s/  CARL E. JONES, JR.
                                       --------------------------------
                                              CARL E. JONES, JR.

                                       16



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
