<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pei_fp10kexhibit10a2-.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(A)(2)
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit 10.(a)(2)

       ******************************************************************




                            FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION



                    ----------------------------------------


                  THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT B


                          Dated as of November 17, 1998


                       This Agreement amends and restates
                Credit Agreement B Dated as of November 26, 1991

                    ----------------------------------------

                            THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK
                                    as Agent


       ******************************************************************



<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

     This Table of Contents is not part of the Agreement to which it is attached
but is inserted for convenience only.

                                                                            Page
Section 1.   Definitions and Accounting Matters................................1
                    1.01       Certain Defined Terms...........................1
                    1.02       Accounting Terms and Determinations ...........11
                    1.03       Classes and Types of Loans.....................11

Section 2.   Commitments .....................................................12
                    2.01       Syndicated Loans ..............................12
                    2.02       Borrowings of Syndicated Loans ................12
                    2.03       Money Market Loans ............................12
                    2.04       Changes of Commitments ........................16
                    2.05       Facility Fee ..................................16
                    2.06       Lending Offices ...............................16
                    2.07       Several Obligations; Remedies Independent .....17
                    2.08       Notes .........................................17
                    2.09       Prepayments and Conversions on Continuations
                               of Loans.......................................17

Section 3.   Payments of Principal and Interest ..............................17
                    3.01       Repayment of Loans  ...........................17
                    3.02       Interest ......................................18

Section 4.   Payments; Pro Rata Treatment; Computations; Etc. ................19
                    4.01       Payments ......................................19
                    4.02       Pro Rata Treatment ............................19
                    4.03       Computations ..................................20
                    4.04       Minimum Amounts  ..............................20
                    4.05       Certain Notices ...............................20
                    4.06       Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent .............21
                    4.07       Sharing of Payments, Etc ......................22

Section 5.   Yield Protection and Illegality .................................23
                    5.01       Additional Costs ..............................23
                    5.02       Limitation on Types of Loans ..................25
                    5.03       Illegality ....................................26
                    5.04       Treatment of Affected Loans ...................26
                    5.05       Compensation ..................................27

Section 6.   Conditions Precedent ............................................27
                    6.01       Initial Loan ..................................27
                    6.02       Initial and Subsequent Loans ..................28
<PAGE>

Section 7.   Representations and Warranties ..................................28
                    7.01       Corporate Existence ...........................29
                    7.02       Financial Condition ...........................29
                    7.03       Litigation ....................................29
                    7.04       No Breach .....................................29
                    7.05       Corporate Action ..............................30
                    7.06       Approvals .....................................30
                    7.07       Use of Loans ..................................30
                    7.08       ERISA .........................................30
                    7.09       Taxes .........................................30
                    7.10       Investment Company Act  .......................31
                    7.11       Public Utility Holding Company Act ............31

Section 8.   Covenants of the Company ........................................31
                    8.01       Financial Statements ..........................31
                    8.02       Litigation ....................................33
                    8.03       Corporate Existence, Etc ......................34
                    8.04       Prohibition of Fundamental Changes ............34
                    8.05       Use of Proceeds ...............................34
                    8.06       Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio...........34
                    8.07       Negative Pledge ...............................34

Section 9.   Events of Default ...............................................35

Section 10.  The Agent .......................................................38
                    10.01      Appointment, Powers and Immunities ............38
                    10.02      Reliance by Agent .............................39
                    10.03      Defaults ......................................39
                    10.04      Rights as a Lender ............................39
                    10.05      Indemnification ...............................39
                    10.06      Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders........40
                    10.07      Failure to Act ................................40
                    10.08      Resignation or Removal of Agent ...............40
                    10.09      Agency Fee ....................................41

Section 11.  Miscellaneous ...................................................41
                    11.01      Waiver.........................................41
                    11.02      Notices........................................41
                    11.03      Expenses, Etc..................................41
                    11.04      Amendments, Etc ...............................42
                    11.05      Successors and Assigns ........................42
                    11.06      Assignments and Participations ................42

                                       ii
<PAGE>

                    11.07      Survival.......................................44
                    11.08      Captions.......................................44
                    11.09      Counterparts...................................44
                    11.10      Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction......44
                    11.11      Waiver of Jury Trial...........................45

             EXHIBIT A-1 - Form of Note for Syndicated Loans
             EXHIBIT A-2 - Form of Note for Money Market Loans
             EXHIBIT B     - Form of Opinion of Counsel to the Parent
             EXHIBIT C     - Form of Money Market Quote Request
             EXHIBIT D     - Form of Money Market Quote




                                      iii
<PAGE>







          THIS  THIRD  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED  CREDIT  AGREEMENT  B dated  as of
November  17, 1998  between:  FLORIDA  POWER  CORPORATION,  a  corporation  duly
organized  and  validly  existing  under the laws of the State of  Florida  (the
"Company"); each of the lenders that is a signatory hereto or which, pursuant to
Section  11.06(b) hereof,  shall become a "Lender"  hereunder  (individually,  a
"Lender" and,  collectively,  the  "Lenders");  and THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, as
agent for the Lenders (in such  capacity,  together with its  successors in such
capacity,  the "Agent");  amends and restates the Credit Agreement B dated as of
November 26, 1991, between the Company, each of the Lenders and the Agent.

          The Company  has  requested  that the  Lenders  make loans to it in an
aggregate   principal  amount  not  exceeding   $200,000,000  at  any  one  time
outstanding  and the  Lenders  are  prepared  to make such  loans upon the terms
hereof. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

          Section 1. Definitions and Accounting Matters.
                     ----------------------------------

          1.01 Certain Defined Terms. As used herein,  the following terms shall
have the following  meanings (all terms defined in this Section 1.01 or in other
provisions of this Agreement in the singular to have the same meanings when used
in the plural and vice versa):

          "Applicable  Lending  Office" shall mean, for each Lender and for each
Type of Loan,  the  "Lending  Office" of such Lender (or of an affiliate of such
Lender)  designated for such Type of Loan on the signature  pages hereof or such
other  office of such Lender (or of an  affiliate of such Lender) as such Lender
may from time to time  specify  to the Agent and the  Company  as the  office by
which its Loans of such Type are to be made and maintained.

          "Applicable Margin" shall mean:

          (i)   during each Class 1 Rating Period,

                (A) with respect to Base Rate Loans, zero,

                (B) with respect to Eurodollar Loans, 0.17%, and

                (C) with respect to CD Loans, 0.295%,

          (ii)  during each Class 2 Rating Period,

                (A) with respect to Base Rate Loans, zero,

                (B) with respect to Eurodollar Loans, 0.225%,

                (C) with respect to CD Loans, 0.35%, and
<PAGE>

          (iii) during each Class 3 Rating Period,

                (A) with respect to Base Rate Loans, zero,

                (B) with respect to Eurodollar Loans, 0.40%, and

                (C) with respect to CD Loans, 0.525%.

          "Applicable  Facility  Fee Rate" shall mean, a rate per annum equal to
(a) during  each Class 1 Rating  Period,  0.08%;  (b) during each Class 2 Rating
Period, 0.15%; and (c) during each Class 3 Rating Period, 0.20%.

          "Assessment Rate" shall mean, for any Interest Period for any CD Loan,
the effective  annual  assessment rate (rounded  upwards,  if necessary,  to the
nearest  1/100  of 1%)  payable  by  Chase  to  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance
Corporation  (or any successor)  for deposit  insurance for Dollar time deposits
with Chase at the Principal  Office during such Interest  Period,  as reasonably
estimated by the Agent.

          "Base  Rate" shall  mean,  for any day,  the higher of (a) the Federal
Funds Rate for such day plus 1/2 of 1% per annum and (b) the Prime Rate for such
day.  Each change in any interest  rate  provided for herein based upon the Base
Rate  resulting  from a change in the Base Rate shall take effect at the time of
such change in the Base Rate.

          "Base Rate Loans" shall mean  Syndicated  Loans which bear interest at
rates based upon the Base Rate.

          "Business  Day" shall mean any day on which  commercial  banks are not
authorized or required to close in New York City and, if such day relates to the
giving of notices or quotes in connection with a LIBOR Auction or to a borrowing
of, a payment or  prepayment  of  principal  of or interest  on,, or an Interest
Period for, a Eurodollar  Loan or a LIBOR Market Loan or a notice by the Company
with respect to any such  borrowing,  payment,  prepayment  or Interest  Period,
which is also a day on which dealings in Dollar  deposits are carried out in the
London interbank market.

          "Capital  Lease  Obligations"  shall  mean,  as  to  any  Person,  the
obligations  of such  Person to pay rent or other  amounts  under a lease of (or
other agreement  conveying the right to use) real and/or personal property which
obligations  are required to be classified  and accounted for as a capital lease
on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP  (including  Statement of Financial
Accounting  Standards No. 13 of the Financial  Accounting  Standards Board) and,
for  purposes of this  Agreement,  the amount of such  obligations  shall be the
capitalized  amount thereof,  determined in accordance with GAAP (including such
Statement No. 13).

          "CD Loans" shall mean Syndicated Loans the interest rates on which are
determined on the basis of rates  referred to in clause (b) of the definition of
"Fixed Base Rate" in this Section 1.01.

                                       2
<PAGE>

          "Chase" shall mean The Chase Manhattan Bank.

          "Class"  shall have the  meaning  given to that term in  Section  1.03
hereof.

          "Class 1 Rating  Period" shall mean any period during which the rating
of the First Mortgage Bonds (a) by Moody's equals or exceeds "A3" and (b) by S&P
equals or exceeds "A-".

          "Class 2 Rating  Period" shall mean any period during which the rating
of the First  Mortgage  Bonds (a) by Moody's equals or exceeds "Baa3" and (b) by
S&P equals or exceeds "BBB-", and which is not a Class 1 Rating Period.

          "Class 3 Rating  Period" shall mean any period that is neither a Class
1 Rating Period nor a Class 2 Rating Period.

          "Code" shall mean the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended from
time to time.

          "Commitment"  shall mean, with respect to each Lender,  the obligation
of such Lender to make  Syndicated  Loans  pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof in an
aggregate  amount at any one time outstanding up to but not exceeding the amount
set opposite such Lender's name on the signature  pages hereof under the caption
"Commitment"  (as the  same  may be  reduced  at any  time or from  time to time
pursuant  to  Section  2.04  hereof).  The  original  aggregate  amount  of  the
Commitments is $200,000,000.

          "Commitment Termination Date" shall mean, with respect to each Lender,
November 30, 2003; provided that

          (a) if,  (i) not later  than 39  months,  but no more than 40  months,
     prior to the Commitment Termination Date, determined after giving effect to
     all previous  extensions thereof pursuant to this definition (the "Existing
     Commitment  Termination Date"), the Company requests that the Lenders agree
     to extend the  Commitment  Termination  Date to the December 31 falling two
     years  after  the  Existing  Commitment  Termination  Date  (the  "Proposed
     Commitment  Termination  Date")  and (ii) each of the  Lenders so agrees in
     writing  prior  to the  Existing  Commitment  Termination  Date,  then  the
     "Commitment  Termination  Date"  shall be  extended,  with  respect to each
     Lender, to the Proposed Commitment Termination Date;

          (b) if,  pursuant  to any such  request,  some,  but not  all,  of the
     Lenders agree to so extend the Existing Commitment  Termination Date to the
     Proposed  Commitment  Termination  Date (the  Lenders  that so  agree,  the
     "Consenting  Lenders"),  the "Commitment  Termination  Date" shall mean (i)
     with respect to the Consenting Lenders, the Proposed Commitment Termination
     Date and (ii) with respect to the Lenders that are not Consenting  Lenders,
     the Existing Commitment Termination Date; and

                                       3
<PAGE>

          (c) if the Commitment  Termination  Date as determined  above is not a
     Business Day, the  Termination  Date shall be the next  preceding  Business
     Day.

          "Consolidated   Subsidiary"  shall  mean,  as  to  any  Person,   each
Subsidiary  of such  Person  (whether  now  existing  or  hereafter  created  or
acquired)  the  financial  statements  of which  shall be (or should  have been)
consolidated  with the financial  statements  of such Person in accordance  with
GAAP.

          "Continue",   "Continuation"   and  "Continued"  shall  refer  to  the
continuation pursuant to Section 2.09 hereof of a Fixed Rate Loan of one Type as
a Fixed Rate Loan of the same Type from one Interest Period to the next Interest
Period.

          "Convert",  "Conversion"  and "Converted"  shall refer to a conversion
pursuant to Section  2.09 hereof of Base Rate Loans into CD Loans or  Eurodollar
Loans,  of CD Loans into Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar  Loans,  or of Eurodollar
Loans into Base Rate Loans or CD Loans, which may be accompanied by the transfer
by a Lender  (at its sole  discretion)  of a Loan  from one  Applicable  Lending
Office to another.

          "Default" shall mean an Event of Default or an event which with notice
or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default.

          "Dollars"  and "$" shall mean  lawful  money of the  United  States of
America.

          "ERISA"  shall mean the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of
1974, as amended from time to time.

          "ERISA  Affiliate"  shall mean any  corporation  or trade or  business
which is a member  of the same  controlled  group of  corporations  (within  the
meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as the Company or is under common control
(within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with the Company.

          "Eurodollar  Loans" shall mean Syndicated  Loans the interest rates on
which are  determined  on the basis of rates  referred  to in clause  (a) of the
definition of "Fixed Base Rate" in this Section 1.01.

          "Event of  Default"  shall have the  meaning  assigned to such term in
Section 9 hereof.

          "Existing  Indenture"  shall mean the Indenture dated as of January 1,
1944 between the Company and First Chicago Trust Company of New York,  successor
Trustee, as amended and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

                                       4
<PAGE>

          "Federal  Funds  Rate"  shall  mean,  for any day,  the rate per annum
(rounded  upwards,  if  necessary,  to the  nearest  1/100  of 1%)  equal to the
weighted  average of the rates on  overnight  Federal  funds  transactions  with
members of the Federal  Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such
day, as  published  by the Federal  Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day
next succeeding such day, provided that (i) if the day for which such rate is to
be  determined  is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall
be such  rate on such  transactions  on the next  preceding  Business  Day as so
published on the next  succeeding  Business Day, and (ii) if such rate is not so
published  for any day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average
rate  charged to Chase on such day on such  transactions  as  determined  by the
Agent.

          "First  Mortgage  Bonds" shall mean the Company's First Mortgage Bonds
issued under the Existing Indenture.

          "Fixed Base Rate" shall mean,  with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan for
any Interest Period therefor:

          (a) if such Loan is a  Eurodollar  Loan or a LIBOR  Market  Loan,  the
     arithmetic mean (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1%),
     as determined by the Agent, of the rates per annum quoted by the respective
     Reference  Lenders  at  approximately  11:00  a.m.London  time  (or as soon
     thereafter as practicable) on the date two Business Days prior to the first
     day of such Interest  Period for the offering by the  respective  Reference
     Lenders to leading banks in the London  interbank market of Dollar deposits
     having  a  term  comparable  to  such  Interest  Period  and  in an  amount
     comparable to the principal  amount of the Eurodollar  Loan or LIBOR Market
     Loan to be made by the  respective  Reference  Lenders  for  such  Interest
     Period; and

          (b) if such Loan is a CD Loan, the arithmetic  mean (rounded  upwards,
     if necessary,  to the nearest 1/20 of 1%), as  determined by the Agent,  of
     the rates per annum  determined by the respective  Reference  Lenders to be
     the average of the bid rates quoted to the respective  Reference Lenders at
     approximately   10:00  a.m.  New  York  time  (or  as  soon  thereafter  as
     practicable)  on the  first  day of such  Interest  Period  by at least two
     certificate of deposit dealers of recognized  national standing selected by
     the  respective  Reference  Lenders  for  the  purchase  at face  value  of
     certificates of deposit of the respective  Reference  Lenders having a term
     comparable  to such  Interest  Period  and in an amount  comparable  to the
     principal  amount  of the CD Loan to be  made by the  respective  Reference
     Lenders for such Interest Period.

If any Reference  Lender is not  participating in any Fixed Rate Loan during any
Interest Period therefor,  the Fixed Base Rate for such Loan shall be determined
by  reference to the amount of the Loan which such  Reference  Lender would have
made had it been  participating  in such Loan;  provided that in the case of any
LIBOR Market Loan,  the Fixed Base Rate for such Loan shall be  determined  with
reference to deposits of  $10,000,000.  If any Reference  Lender does not timely
furnish such  information  for  determination  of any Fixed Base Rate, the Agent
shall  determine  such  Fixed  Base  Rate on the  basis  of  information  timely
furnished by the remaining Reference Lenders.

                                       5
<PAGE>

          "Fixed  Rate"  shall  mean,  for any Fixed Rate Loan for any  Interest
Period therefor, a rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest
1/100 of 1%)  determined  by the  Agent to be equal to the sum of (a) the  Fixed
Base Rate for such Interest  Period  divided by 1 minus the Reserve  Requirement
for such Loan for such Interest  Period plus (b) if such Loan is a CD Loan,  the
Assessment Rate for such Interest Period.

          "Fixed Rate Loans" shall mean CD Loans,  Eurodollar Loans and, for the
purposes  of the  definition  of "Fixed Base Rate" in this  Section  1.01 and in
Section 5 hereof, LIBOR Market Loans.

          "GAAP"  shall mean  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  as in
effect from time to time.

          "Guarantee"   shall  mean  any  guarantee,   endorsement,   contingent
agreement to purchase or to furnish funds for the payment or maintenance  of, or
otherwise  to be or  become  contingently  liable  under  or  with  respect  to,
Indebtedness,  other obligations,  net worth, working capital or earnings of any
Person, or a guarantee of the payment of dividends or other  distributions  upon
the stock of any Person, or any agreement to purchase,  sell or lease (as lessee
or lessor) property, products, materials, supplies or services primarily for the
purpose  of  enabling  any  Person to make  payment  of its  obligations  or any
agreement to assure a creditor against loss, and including  without  limitation,
causing a bank to open a letter of credit for the benefit of another Person, but
excluding  endorsements  for  collection  or deposit in the  ordinary  course of
business.  The terms  "Guarantee" and  "Guaranteed"  used as a verb shall have a
correlative meaning.

          "Indebtedness" shall mean, as to any Person: (a) indebtedness created,
issued or  incurred by such Person for  borrowed  money  (whether by loan or the
issuance and sale of debt securities); (b) obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred  purchase or acquisition  price of property,  other than trade accounts
payable (other than for borrowed money) arising,  and accrued expenses incurred,
in the ordinary  course of business so long as such trade  accounts  payable are
paid  within  90 days of the  date  the  respective  goods  are  delivered;  (c)
obligations  of  such  Person  in  respect  of  letters  of  credit  or  similar
instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions for the
account of such Person;  (d) Capital Lease  Obligations of such Person;  and (e)
Indebtedness of others Guaranteed by such Person.

          "Interest Period" shall mean:

          (a) with respect to any Eurodollar Loan, each period commencing on the
     date such  Eurodollar Loan is made or Converted from a Loan of another Type
     or the last day of the next  preceding  Interest  Period  for such Loan and
     ending on the numerically  corresponding day in the first, second, third or
     sixth calendar month  thereafter,  as the Company may select as provided in
     Section 4.05 hereof,  except that each Interest  Period which  commences on
     the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is
     no numerically  corresponding  day in the appropriate  subsequent  calendar
     month)  shall end on the last  Business Day of the  appropriate  subsequent
     calendar month;

                                       6
<PAGE>

          (b) with respect to any CD Loan,  each period  commencing  on the date
     such CD Loan is made or  Converted  from a Loan of another Type or the last
     day of the next preceding  Interest  Period for such Loan and ending on the
     day 30,  60,  90 or 180 days  thereafter,  as the  Company  may  select  as
     provided in Section 4.05 hereof;

          (c) With respect to any Set Rate Loan,  the period  commencing  on the
     date such Set Rate Loan is made and  ending on any  Business  Day up to 180
     days  thereafter,  as the Company may select as provided in Section 2.03(b)
     hereof; and

          (d) With respect to any LIBOR Market Loan,  the period  commencing  on
     the date such  LIBOR  Market  Loan is made and  ending  on the  numerically
     corresponding  day in the  first,  second,  third or sixth  calendar  month
     thereafter,  as the  Company  may select as  provided  in  Section  2.03(b)
     hereof,  except  that each  Interest  Period  which  commences  on the last
     Business  Day of a  calendar  month  (or  any  day for  which  there  is no
     numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month)
     shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate  subsequent  calendar
     month.

Notwithstanding  the foregoing:  (i) no Interest Period with respect to Loans to
be made by any Lender may end after such Lender's  Commitment  Termination  Date
(as in  effect on the first day of such  Interest  Period);  (ii) each  Interest
Period which would  otherwise end on a day which is not A Business Day shall end
on the next  succeeding  Business Day (or, in the case of an Interest Period for
Eurodollar  Loans or LIBOR Market Loans,  if such next  succeeding  Business Day
falls in the next  succeeding  calendar  month,  on the next preceding  Business
Day); and (iii)  notwithstanding  clause (i) above,  no Interest  Period for any
Fixed Rate Loans or LIBOR  Market  Loans  shall have a duration of less than one
month (in the case of  Eurodollar  Loans and LIBOR Market  Loans) or 30 days (in
the case of CD Loans)  and, if the  Interest  Period for any Fixed Rate Loans or
LIBOR Market Loans would otherwise be a shorter period,  such Loans shall not be
available hereunder.

          "LIBO Rate" shall mean,  for any LIBOR  Market  Loan, a rate per annum
(rounded  upwards,  if necessary,  to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) determined by the
Agent to be  equal  to the  rate of  interest  specified  in  clause  (a) of the
definition of "Fixed Base Rate" in this Section 1.01 for the Interest Period for
such Loan  divided  by 1 minus the  Reserve  Requirement  for such Loan for such
Interest Period.

          "LIBOR  Auction"  shall mean a  solicitation  of Money  Market  Quotes
setting  forth Money Market  Margins  based on the LIBO Rate pursuant to Section
2.03 hereof.

          "LIBOR Market Loans" shall mean Money Market Loans the interest  rates
on which are determined on the basis of LIBO Rates pursuant to a LIBOR Auction.

                                       7
<PAGE>

          "Lien" shall mean,  with  respect to any asset,  any  mortgage,  lien,
pledge,  hypothecation,  charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in
respect of such asset. For purposes of this Agreement,  the Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries  shall be deemed to own  subject  to a Lien any asset  which it has
acquired  or holds  subject  to the  interest  of a vendor or  lessor  under any
conditional  sale agreement,  capital lease or other title  retention  agreement
relating to such asset.

          "Loans" shall mean Money Market Loans and Syndicated Loans.

          "Majority  Lenders"  shall mean Lenders having at least 66-2/3% of the
aggregate  amount of the  Commitments;  provided that, if all of the Commitments
shall have  terminated,  Majority  Lenders  shall mean Lenders  holding at least
66-2/3% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans.

          "Margin   Stock"  shall  mean  margin  stock  within  the  meaning  of
Regulations U and X.

          "Money Market  Borrowing" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 2.03(b) hereof.

          "Money Market Loans" shall mean the loans provided for by Section 2.03
hereof.

          "Money Market Margin" shall have the meaning  assigned to such term in
Section 2.03(c)(ii)(C) hereof.

          "Money Market  Quote" shall mean an offer in  accordance  with Section
2.03(c) hereof by a Lender to make a Money Market Loan with one single specified
interest rate.

          "Money Market Quote Request"  shall have the meaning  assigned to such
term in Section 2.03(b) hereof.

          "Money  Market  Rate" shall have the meaning  assigned to such term in
Section 2.03(c)(ii)(D) hereof.

          "Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Services, Inc.

          "Multiemployer  Plan" shall mean a Multiemployer  plan defined as such
in Section 3(37) of ERISA to which  contributions have been made by the Company,
the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate and which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

          "1935 Act" shall have the meaning  given to that term in Section  7.11
hereof.

          "1934 Act  Reports"  shall mean all  periodic  reports  filed with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  pursuant  to  Section  13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                                       8
<PAGE>

          "Notes" shall mean the  promissory  notes provided for by Section 2.08
hereof.

          "Other FPC Agreement" shall mean the Third Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement A dated as of November 17, 1998  between the Company,  the Lenders and
Chase,  as agent for the  Lenders  thereunder,  as the same may be  amended  and
supplemented and in effect from time to time.

          "Parent"   shall  mean  Florida   Progress   Corporation,   a  Florida
corporation.

          "PBGC"  shall mean the Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation  or any
entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

          "PCH Agreements" shall mean,  collectively,  (a) the Third Amended and
Restated  Credit  Agreement A dated as of November  17,  1998  between  Progress
Capital  Holdings,  Inc.,  the  Lenders  and  Chase,  as agent  for the  Lenders
thereunder and (b) the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement B dated as of
November 17, 1998  between  Progress  Capital  Holdings,  Inc.,  the Lenders and
Chase,  as agent for the Lenders  thereunder,  as each of said agreements may be
amended and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

          "Person" shall mean any individual,  corporation,  company,  voluntary
association,  partnership,  joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or
government (or any agency, instrumentality or political subdivision thereof).

          "Plan"  shall mean an employee  benefit or other plan  established  or
maintained  by the  Company,  the  Parent  or any ERISA  Affiliate  and which is
covered by Title IV of ERISA,  other than (a) a  Multiemployer  Plan and (b) any
such plan  established or maintained by the Company or any ERISA  Affiliate that
has assets and actuarial  liabilities of less than  $50,000,000 (a "Small Plan")
unless the  aggregate  assets or aggregate  actuarial  liabilities  of all Small
Plans is in excess of $50,000,000.

          "Post-Default  Rate" shall mean,  in respect of any  principal  of any
Loan or any other amount payable by the Company under this Agreement or any Note
that is not paid  when due  (whether  at stated  maturity,  by  acceleration  or
otherwise),  a rate per annum during the period from and  including the due date
to but excluding the date on which such amount is paid in full equal to 1% above
the Base Rate as in effect from time to time (provided that, if the amount so in
default is  principal  of a Fixed Rate Loan or a Money  Market  Loan and the due
date  thereof is a day other than the last day of an Interest  Period  therefor,
the  "Post-Default  Rate" for such  principal  shall be, for the period from and
including  such due date to but excluding the last day of such Interest  Period,
1% above the interest rate for such Loan as provided in Section 3.02 hereof and,
thereafter,'the rate provided for above in this definition).

                                       9
<PAGE>

          "Prime  Rate"  shall  mean  the  rate of  interest  from  time to time
announced by Chase at the Principal Office as its prime commercial lending rate.

          "Principal  Office" shall mean the  principal  office of the Agent and
Chase, presently located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017.

          "Quarterly Dates" shall mean the first day of January, April, July and
October in each year,  the first of which  shall be the first such day after the
date of this  Agreement;  provided  that if any such day is not a Business  Day,
then such Quarterly Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day.

          "Reference Lenders" shall mean Chase and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
of New York (or their Applicable Lending offices, as the case may be).

          "Regulation  D",  "Regulation  U "  and  "Regulation  X"  shall  mean,
respectively,  Regulation  D,  Regulation  U and  Regulation  X of the  Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any  successor),  as the same may be
amended or supplemented from time to time.

          "Regulatory Change" shall mean, with respect to any Lender, any change
after the date of this Agreement in United States Federal,  state or foreign law
or regulations (including, without limitation,  Regulation D) or the adoption or
making after such date of any interpretation, directive or request applying to a
class of banks  including  such  Lender of or under any United  States  Federal,
state or foreign law or regulations  (whether or not having the force of law) by
any court or governmental or monetary  authority charged with the interpretation
or administration thereof.

          "Reserve  Requirement"  shall mean,  for any  Interest  Period for any
Fixed Rate Loan or LIBOR Market Loan, the average maximum rate at which reserves
(including any marginal,  supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be
maintained during such Interest Period under Regulation D by member banks of the
Federal  Reserve  System in New York City with  deposits  exceeding  one billion
Dollars  against  (a) in the case of  Eurodollar  Loans or LIBOR  Market  Loans,
"Eurocurrency  liabilities" (as such term is used in Regulation D) or (b) in the
case of CD Loans,  non-personal Dollar time deposits in an amount of $100,000 or
more.  Without  limiting the effect of the  foregoing,  the Reserve  Requirement
shall include any other reserves  required to be maintained by such member banks
by reason of any Regulatory Change against (i) any category of liabilities which
includes  deposits  by  reference  to which the Fixed  Base Rate for  Eurodollar
Loans,  LIBOR Market Loans or CD Loans (as the case may be) is to be  determined
as provided in the  definition of "Fixed Base Rate" in this Section 1.01 or (ii)
any category of extensions of credit or other assets which  includes  Eurodollar
Loans, CD Loans or LIBOR Market Loans.

          "S&P" shall mean Standard & Poor's Corporation.

          "Set Rate Auction"  shall mean a  solicitation  of Money Market Quotes
setting forth Money Market Rates pursuant to Section 2.03 hereof.

                                       10
<PAGE>

          "Set Rate Loans" shall mean Money  Market Loans the interest  rates on
which are  determined on the basis of Money Market Rates  pursuant to a Set Rate
Auction.

          "Subsidiary" shall mean, as to any Person, any corporation of which at
least a majority of the outstanding  shares of stock having by the terms thereof
ordinary  voting  power to elect a majority  of the board of  directors  of such
corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any other class
or classes of such  corporation  shall have or might have voting power by reason
of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned
or  controlled by such Person or one or more  Subsidiaries  of such Person or by
such  Person  and  one  or  more  Subsidiaries  of  such  Person.  "Wholly-owned
Subsidiary"  shall mean any such corporation of which all of such shares,  other
than directors' qualifying shares, are so owned or controlled.

          "Syndicated  Loans" shall mean the loans  provided for by Section 2.01
hereof.

          "Syndicated  Notes" shall mean the  promissory  notes  provided for by
Section 2.08(a) hereof.

          "Total Capitalization" shall mean, with respect to any Person, the sum
of the  value  of  the  common  stock,  retained  earnings,  and  preferred  and
preference  stock of such Person (in each case,  determined in  accordance  with
GAAP) plus all Indebtedness of such Person.

          "Type"  shall  have the  meaning  given to that term in  Section  1.03
hereof.

          1.02 Accounting Terms and Determinations.

          (a) Except as otherwise  expressly  provided  herein,  all  accounting
terms  used  herein  shall be  interpreted,  and all  financial  statements  and
certificates and reports as to financial matters required to be delivered to the
Lenders hereunder shall (unless  otherwise  disclosed to the Lenders in writing)
be prepared, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a basis  consistent with that used in the preparation of the latest financial
statements furnished to the Lenders hereunder after the date hereof.

          (b) The  Company  will not change the last day of its fiscal year from
December 31 of each year, or the last days of the first three fiscal quarters in
each of its fiscal  years from March 31, June 30 and  September 30 of each year,
respectively.

          1.03 Classes and Types of Loans.  Loans hereunder are distinguished by
"Class" and by "Type". The "Class" of a Loan (or of a Commitment to make a Loan)
refers to whether such Loan is a Money Market Loan or a Syndicated Loan, each of
which constitutes a Class. The "Type" of a Loan refers to whether such Loan is a
Base Rate Loan, a CD Loan, a Eurodollar Loan, a Set Rate Loan, or a LIBOR Market
Loan,  each of which  constitutes a Type.  Loans may be identified by both Class
and Type.

                                       11
<PAGE>

          Section 2. Commitments.

          2.01 Syndicated  Loans.  Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms of
this  Agreement,  to make loans to the Company in Dollars during the period from
and including the first  Business Day of 1992 to but not including such Lender's
Commitment  Termination  Date in an aggregate  principal  amount at any one time
outstanding  up to but not exceeding  the amount of such Lender's  Commitment as
then in effect.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement,  during such period the
Company may borrow, repay and reborrow the amount of the Commitments by means of
Base Rate Loans, CD Loans and Eurodollar Loans and may Convert  Syndicated Loans
of one Type into  Syndicated  Loans of another Type (as provided in Section 2.09
hereof) or Continue Syndicated Loans of one Type as Syndicated Loans of the same
Type;  provided that there may be no more than 15 different Interest Periods for
Syndicated Loans outstanding at the same time.

          2.02 Borrowings of Syndicated  Loans. The Company shall give the Agent
(which shall promptly notify the Lenders) notice of each borrowing  hereunder of
Syndicated  Loans as provided in Section  4.05  hereof.  Not later than noon New
York  time  on the  date  specified  for  each  borrowing  of  Syndicated  Loans
hereunder, each Lender shall make available the amount of the Syndicated Loan to
be made by it on such date to the Agent, at account number  NYAO-DI-900-9-000002
maintained  by the Agent  with Chase at the  Principal  Office,  in  immediately
available funds. The amount so received by the Agent shall, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, be made available to the Company by depositing
the same, in immediately  available  funds, in an account of, and designated by,
the Company maintained at a bank in New York City.

          2.03 Money Market Loans.

          (a) In addition to borrowings of Syndicated Loans, the Company may, on
or after the first  Business  Day of 1992,  as set forth in this  Section  2.03,
request the Lenders to make offers to make Money  Market Loans to the Company in
Dollars.  The Lenders may, but shall have no obligation to, make such offers and
the Company may, but shall have no obligation  to, accept any such offers in the
manner set forth in this  Section  2.03.  Money Market Loans may be LIBOR Market
Loans or Set Rate Loans, provided that:

               (i) there may be no more than 15 different  Interest  Periods for
          both Syndicated  Loans and Money Market Loans  outstanding at the same
          time (for  which  purpose  Interest  Periods  described  in  different
          lettered clauses of the definition of the term "Interest Period" shall
          be  deemed  to  be  different   Interest  Periods  even  if  they  are
          coterminous);

               (ii) the  aggregate  principal  amount of all Money Market Loans,
          together with the aggregate  principal amount of all Syndicated Loans,
          at any one time  outstanding  shall not exceed the aggregate amount of
          the Commitments at such time.

                                       12
<PAGE>

          (b) When the  Company  wishes to request  offers to make Money  Market
Loans,  it shall give the Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) notice
(a "Money  Market Quote  Request") so as to be received no later than 11:00 a.m.
New York time on (x) the  fourth  Business  Day  prior to the date of  borrowing
proposed  therein" in the case of a LIBOR  Auction or (y) the  Business Day next
preceding  the date of  borrowing  proposed  therein,  in the case of a Set Rate
Auction  (or, in any such case,  such other time and date as the Company and the
Agent,  with the consent of the Majority Lenders (and with notice to each Lender
prior  to the  Money  Market  Quote  Request  for  which  such  change  is to be
effective),  may agree).  The Company  may request  offers to make Money  Market
Loans for up to five  different  Interest  Periods in a single notice (for which
purpose Interest Periods in different  lettered clauses of the definition of the
term "Interest Period" shall be deemed to be different  Interest Periods even if
they are  coterminous);  provided  that the request for each  separate  Interest
Period  shall be  deemed to be a  separate  Money  Market  Quote  Request  for a
separate  borrowing  (a "Money  Market  Borrowing").  Each such notice  shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and shall specify as to each Money
Market Borrowing:

               (i) the  proposed  date  of  such  borrowing,  which  shall  be a
          Business Day;

               (ii) the aggregate amount of such Money Market  Borrowing,  which
          shall be at least  $10,000,000 (or in larger  multiples of $1,000,000)
          but shall not cause the limits  specified in Section 2.03(a) hereof to
          be violated;

               (iii) the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto;

               (iv) whether the Money Market  Quotes  requested for a particular
          Interest  Period are seeking quotes for LIBOR Market Loans or Set Rate
          Loans; and

               (v) if the Money Market Quotes  requested are seeking  quotes for
          Set Rate Loans,  the date on which the Money  Market  Quotes are to be
          submitted if it is before the proposed date of borrowing  (the date on
          which  such Money  Market  Quotes  are to be  submitted  is called the
          "Quotation Date").

Except as  otherwise  provided in this  Section  2.03(b),  no Money Market Quote
Request  shall be given within five  Business Days (or such other number of days
as the Company and the Agent, with the consent of the Majority Lenders (and with
notice to each Lender prior to the effectiveness of such consent), may agree) of
any other Money Market Quote Request.

          (c) (i) Each Lender may submit one or more Money Market  Quotes,  each
containing  an offer to make a Money Market Loan in response to any Money Market
Quote  Request;  provided that, if the Company's  request under Section  2.03(b)
hereof  specified more than one Interest  Period,  such Lender may make a single
submission  containing  one or more Money Market  Quotes for each such  Interest
Period.  Each Money  Market  Quote must be submitted to the Agent not later than
(x) 2:00 p.m.  New York time on the fourth  Business  Day prior to the  proposed

                                       13
<PAGE>

date of  borrowing,  in the case of a LIBOR  Auction or (y) 10:00 a.m.  New York
time on the  Quotation  Date, in the case of a Set Rate Auction (or, in any such
case, such other time and date as the Company and the Agent, with the consent of
the  Majority  Lenders (and with notice to each Lender prior to the Money Market
Quote Request for which such change is to be  effective),  may agree);  provided
that any  Money  Market  Quote  submitted  by Chase (or its  Applicable  Lending
Office)  may be  submitted,  and may  only  be  submitted,  if  Chase  (or  such
Applicable  Lending  Office)  notifies  the  Company  of the  terms of the offer
contained  therein  not  later  than (x) 1:00 p.m.  New York time on the  fourth
Business Day prior to the  proposed  date of  borrowing,  in the case of a LIBOR
Auction or (y) 9:45 a.m. New York time on the  Quotation  Date, in the case of a
Set Rate Auction.  Subject to Sections  5.02(b),  5.03,  6.02 and 9 hereof,  any
Money Market Quote so made shall be irrevocable  except with the written consent
of the Agent given on the instructions of the Company.

              (ii) Each Money Market Quote shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit D hereto and shall specify:

              (A)  the  proposed  date of  borrowing  and  the  Interest  Period
          therefor;

              (B) the  principal  amount of the Money Market Loan for which each
          such offer is being made,  which  principal  amount  shall be at least
          $5,000,000  or a larger  multiple  of  $1,000,000;  provided  that the
          aggregate  principal  amount  of all  Money  Market  Loans for which a
          Lender submits Money Market Quotes (x) may be greater or less than the
          aggregate  Commitments  of such  Lender  but (y)  may not  exceed  the
          principal  amount  of the  Money  Market  Borrowing  for a  particular
          Interest Period for which offers were requested;

              (C) in the case of a LIBOR Auction,  the margin above or below the
          applicable LIBO Rate (the "Money Market Margin") offered for each such
          Money Market Loan,  expressed as a  percentage  (rounded  upwards,  if
          necessary,  to  the  nearest  1/10,000th  of  1%)  to be  added  to or
          subtracted from the applicable LIBO Rate;

              (D) in the case of a Set Rate  Auction,  the rate of interest  per
          annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%)
          offered for each such Money Market Loan (the "Money Market Rate");

              (E) the identity of the quoting Lender; and

              (F) the maximum  aggregate  principal  amount of all Money  Market
          Loans for which such offer is being made.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     Unless otherwise agreed by the Agent and the Company, no Money Market Quote
shall contain qualifying, conditional or similar language or propose terms other
than or in  addition to those set forth in the  applicable  Money  Market  Quote
Request  and, in  particular,  no Money  Market  Quote may be  conditioned  upon
acceptance  by the Company of all (or some  specified  minimum) of the principal
amount of the Money Market Loan for which such Money Market Quote is being made.

          (d) The Agent shall (x) in the case of a Set Rate Auction, as promptly
as  practicable  after the Money Market Quote is submitted (but in any event not
later than 10:15 a.m. New York time on the Quotation Date) or (y) in the case of
a LIBOR  Auction,  by 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day a Money Market Quote is
submitted,  notify  the  Company  of the  terms (i) of any  Money  Market  Quote
submitted by a Lender that is in accordance with Section 2.03(c) hereof and (ii)
of any Money  Market Quote that  amends,  modifies or is otherwise  inconsistent
with a previous Money Market Quote  submitted by such Lender with respect to the
same Money Market Quote Request. Any such subsequent Money Market Quote shall be
disregarded by the Agent unless such subsequent  Money Market Quote is submitted
solely to  correct a manifest  error in such  former  Money  Market  Quote.  The
Agent's notice to the Company shall specify (A) the aggregate  principal  amount
of the Money Market  Borrowing  for which offers have been  received and (B) the
respective  principal amounts and Money Market Margins or Money Market Rates, as
the case may be, so offered by each  Lender  (identifying  the Lender  that made
each Money Market Quote).

          (e) Not later than 11:00 a.m. New York time on (x) the third  Business
Day prior to the proposed date of  borrowing,  in the case of a LIBOR Auction or
(y) the Quotation Date, in the case of a Set Rate Auction (or, in any such case,
such other time and date as the Company  and the Agent,  with the consent of the
Majority Lenders (and with notice to each Lender prior to the Money Market Quote
Request for which such change is to be effective), may agree), the Company shall
notify the Agent of its acceptance or nonacceptance of the offers so notified to
it  pursuant to Section  2.03(d)  hereof (and the failure of the Company to give
such  notice by such time shall  constitute  nonacceptance)  and the Agent shall
promptly  notify each affected  Lender.  In the case of acceptance,  such notice
shall specify the aggregate  principal amount of offers for each Interest Period
that are accepted.  The Company may accept any Money Market Quote in whole or in
part  (provided  that any Money Market Quote  accepted in part shall be at least
$5,000,000 or in larger multiples of $1,000,000); provided that:

          (i) the aggregate  principal amount of each Money Market Borrowing may
     not exceed the  applicable  amount set forth in the  related  Money  Market
     Quote Request;

          (ii) the  aggregate  principal  amount of each Money Market  Borrowing
     shall be at least  $10,000,000  (or in larger  multiples of $1,000,000) but
     shall  not cause the  limits  specified  in  Section  2.03(a)  hereof to be
     violated; and

          (iii) the Company may not accept any offer where the Agent has advised
     the Company that such offer fails to comply with Section 2.03(c)(ii) hereof
     or  otherwise  fails to  comply  with the  requirements  of this  Agreement
     (including, without limitation, Section 2.03(a) hereof).

                                       15
<PAGE>

          (f) Any  Lender  whose  offer to make any Money  Market  Loan has been
accepted shall,  not later than noon New York time on the date specified for the
making of such  Loan,  make the  amount of such Loan  available  to the Agent at
account  number  NYAO-DI-900-9-000002  maintained by the Agent with Chase at the
Principal Office in immediately available funds, for account of the Company. The
amount so received by the Agent shall,  subject to the terms and  conditions  of
this Agreement,  be made available to the Company on such date by depositing the
same, in immediately  available  funds, in an account of the Company  maintained
with a bank in New York City designated by the Company.

          (g)  Except for the  purpose  and to the  extent  expressly  stated in
Section 2.04(b)  hereof,  the amount of any Money Market Loan made by any Lender
shall not constitute a utilization of such Lender's Commitment.

          2.04 Changes of Commitments.

          (a) The  amount of each  Lender's  Commitment  shall be  automatically
reduced to zero on such Lender's Commitment Termination Date.

          (b) The Company  shall have the right at any time or from time to time
(i) so long as no  Syndicated  Loans or Money Market Loans are  outstanding,  to
terminate the Commitments and (ii) to reduce the aggregate  unused amount of the
Commitments (for which purpose use of the Commitments shall be deemed to include
the aggregate principal amount of all Money Market Loans); provided that (x) the
Company shall give notice of each such  termination  or reduction as provided in
Section 4.05 hereof, and (y) each partial reduction shall be in aggregate amount
at least equal to $10,000,000 and in multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.

          (c) The Commitments once terminated or reduced may not be reinstated.

          2.05  Facility  Fee. The Company shall pay to the Agent for account of
each Lender a facility fee on the amount of such  Lender's  Commitment,  for the
period from and  including  January 1, 1992 to but not  including the earlier of
the date such Commitment is terminated or such Lender's  Commitment  Termination
Date,  at a rate per annum equal to the  Applicable  Facility Fee Rate.  Accrued
facility fees payable to any Lender shall be payable on each  Quarterly Date and
on the earlier of the date the  Commitments  are  terminated  and such  Lender's
Commitment Termination Date.

          2.06 Lending Offices. The Loans of each Type made by each Lender shall
be made and maintained at such Lender's  Applicable  Lending Office for Loans of
such Type.

                                       16
<PAGE>

          2.07 Several  Obligations;  Remedies  Independent.  The failure of any
Lender to make any Loan to be made by it on the date  specified  therefor  shall
not relieve any other  Lender of its  obligation  to make its Loan on such date,
but neither any Lender nor the Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any
other Lender to make a Loan to be made by such other Lender. The amounts payable
by the Company at any time hereunder and under the Notes to each Lender shall be
a separate and independent debt and each Lender shall be entitled to protect and
enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement and the Notes, and it shall not
be necessary for any other Lender or the Agent to consent to, or be joined as an
additional party in, any proceedings for such purposes.

          2.08 Notes.

          (a) The  Company's  obligation to repay the  Syndicated  Loans made by
each Lender,  together  with  interest  thereon,  shall be evidenced by a single
promissory note of the Company  substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto,
dated the date of delivery thereof, payable to such Lender in a principal amount
equal to the  aggregate  amount of its  Commitments  as originally in effect and
otherwise duly completed.  The date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of
Interest  Period (if  applicable) of each Syndicated Loan made by each Lender to
the Company, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be
recorded by such Lender on its books.  Any such recording of loans on a Lender's
books shall be conclusive  evidence of the amounts  payable by the Company under
such Note, absent manifest error.

          (b) The  Company's  obligation to repay the Money Market Loans made by
any Lender,  together  with  interest  thereon,  shall be  evidenced by a single
promissory note of the Company  substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto,
dated the date of delivery  thereof,  payable to such Lender and otherwise  duly
completed. The date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period
(if  applicable)  of each Money  Market Loan made by each Lender to the Company,
and each payment made on account of the principal thereof,  shall be recorded by
such Lender on its books.  Any such recording of loans on a Lender's books shall
be  conclusive  evidence of the amounts  payable by the Company under such Note,
absent manifest error.

          2.09 Prepayments and Conversions or Continuations of Loans. Subject to
Section  4.04  hereof,  the  Company  shall have the right to prepay  Syndicated
Loans,  or to  Convert  Syndicated  Loans of one Type into  Syndicated  Loans of
another Type or Continue Syndicated Loans of one Type as Syndicated Loans of the
same Type,  at any time or from time to time,  provided  that:  (i) the  Company
shall give the Agent notice of each such prepayment,  Conversion or Continuation
as provided in Section 4.05 hereof;  and (ii) Fixed Rate Loans may be prepaid or
Converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Loans.

          Section 3. Payments of Principal and Interest.

          3.01 Repayment of Loans.

          (a) The  Company  hereby  promises  to pay to the Agent for account of
each Lender the principal of each Syndicated Loan made by such Lender,  and each
Syndicated  Loan made by such Lender shall mature,  on such Lender's  Commitment
Termination Date.

                                       17
<PAGE>

          (b) The  Company  hereby  promises  to pay to the Agent for account of
each Lender that makes any Money Market Loan the principal  amount of such Money
Market Loan on the last day of the Interest Period for such Money Market Loan.

          3.02  Interest.  The Company  hereby  promises to pay to the Agent for
account of each Lender interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made
by such  Lender for the period from and  including  the date of such Loan to but
excluding the date such Loan shall be paid in full,  at the following  rates per
annum:

          (a) during  such  periods as such  Loan-is a Base Rate Loan,  the Base
     Rate (as in effect from time to time) plus the Applicable Margin (if any);

          (b) during  such  periods as such Loan is a Fixed Rate Loan,  for each
     Interest  Period  relating  thereto,  the Fixed Rate for such Loan for such
     Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin;

          (c) if such Loan is a LIBOR Market  Loan,  the LIBO Rate for such Loan
     for the Interest  Period  therefor  plus (or minus) the Money Market Margin
     quoted by the Lender  making  such Loan in  accordance  with  Section  2.03
     hereof; and

          (d) if such  Loan is a Set Rate  Loan,  the Set Rate for such Loan for
     the  Interest  Period  therefor  quoted by the Lender  making  such Loan in
     accordance with Section 2.03 hereof.

Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Company hereby promises to pay to the Agent
for account of each Lender interest at the applicable  Post-Default  Rate on any
principal  of any Loan made by such Lender,  and on any other amount  payable by
the Company  hereunder  or under the Notes held by such Lender to or for account
of such  Lender,  which  shall not be paid in full when due  (whether  at stated
maturity,  by acceleration or otherwise),  for the period from and including the
due date  thereof to but  excluding  the date the same is paid in full.  Accrued
interest  on each Loan  shall be  payable  (i) in the case of a Base Rate  Loan,
quarterly  on the  Quarterly  Dates,  (ii) in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan or a
Money Market Loan, on the last day of each Interest Period therefor and, if such
Interest  Period is longer  than 90 days (in the case of a CD Loan or a Set Rate
Loan) or three months (in the case of a Eurodollar Loan or a LIBOR Market Loan),
at 90-day or  three-month  intervals,  respectively,  following the first day of
such  Interest  Period,  and (iii) in the case of any Loan,  upon the payment or
prepayment thereof or the Conversion of such Loan to a Loan of another Type (but
only on the  principal  amount  so paid,  prepaid  or  Converted),  except  that
interest payable at the Post-Default  Rate shall be payable from time to time on
demand.  Promptly  after the  determination  of any interest  rate  provided for
herein or any change therein, the Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders
to which such interest is payable and to the Company.

                                       18
<PAGE>

          Section 4. Payments; Pro Rata Treatment; Computations; Etc.

          4.01 Payments.

          (a) Except to the extent otherwise  provided  herein,  all payments of
principal,  interest  and other  amounts  to be made by the  Company  under this
Agreement  and the Notes  shall be made in  Dollars,  in  immediately  available
funds,  without  deduction,  set-off  or  counterclaim,  to the Agent at account
number NYAO-DI-900-9-000002  maintained by the Agent with Chase at the Principal
Office, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York time on the date on which such payment
shall  become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be
deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day).

          (b) Any Lender for whose  account any such payment is to be made,  may
(but shall not be obligated  to) debit the amount of any such  payment  which is
not made by such  time to any  ordinary  deposit  account  of the  Company  (for
purposes of this  Section  4.01(b),  "ordinary  deposit  account of the Company"
shall not include any  account in the name of a Person  other than the  Company)
with such Lender (with notice to the Company).

          (c) The Company  shall,  at the time of making each payment under this
Agreement or any Note,  specify to the Agent (which  shall  promptly  notify the
intended  recipients) thereof) the Loans or other amounts payable by the Company
hereunder to which such payment is to be applied (and in the event that it fails
to so specify,  or if an Event of Default has occurred and is  continuing,  such
Lender may apply the  amount of such  payment  received  by it from the Agent in
such manner as such Lender may determine to be appropriate).

          (d) Each  payment  received by the Agent under this  Agreement  or any
Note  for  account  of a  Lender  shall  be paid  promptly  to such  Lender,  in
immediately  available  funds, for account of such Lender's  Applicable  Lending
office for the Loan in respect of which such payment is made.

          (e) If the due date of any payment  under this  Agreement  or any Note
would  otherwise  fall on a day which is not a  Business  Day such date shall be
extended to the next  succeeding  Business Day and interest shall be payable for
any principal so extended for the period of such extension.

          4.02 Pro Rata  Treatment.  Except  to the  extent  otherwise  provided
herein:  (a) each  borrowing from the Lenders under Section 2.01 hereof shall be
made from the Lenders,  each  payment of facility fee under  Section 2.05 hereof
shall be made for account of the Lenders,  and each  termination or reduction of
the amount of the Commitments  under Section 2.04 hereof shall be applied to the
Commitments  of the  Lenders,  pro  rata  according  to  the  amounts  of  their
respective  Commitments;   (b)  the  making,   Conversion  and  Continuation  of
Syndicated  Loans of a particular  Type (other than  Conversion  provided for by
Section 5.04 hereof)  shall be made pro rata among the Lenders  according to the
amounts  of their  respective  Commitments  (in the case of  making of Loans) or
Syndicated  Loans (in the case of Conversion and  Continuation of Loans) and the

                                       19

<PAGE>

then  current  Interest  Period for such  Syndicated  Loan of such Type shall be
coterminous;  (c) each payment of principal of  Syndicated  Loans by the Company
shall  be made for  account  of the  Lenders  pro  rata in  accordance  with the
respective unpaid principal amounts of the Syndicated Loans held by the Lenders;
and (d) each  payment or  prepayment  of  interest  on  Syndicated  Loans by the
Company shall be made for account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the
amounts of  interest  on  Syndicated  Loans due and  payable  to the  respective
Lenders.

          4.03 Computations. Interest on Loans shall be computed on the basis of
a year of 360  days  and  actual  days  elapsed  (including  the  first  day but
excluding  the last day)  occurring in the period for which payable and facility
fee shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days (as the case may
be) and actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day)
occurring in the period for which payable.

          4.04 Minimum  Amounts.  Except for  Conversions  or  prepayments  made
pursuant to Section 5.04 hereof,  each  borrowing,  Conversion and prepayment of
principal  of Loans shall be in an amount at least equal to  $10,000,000  and in
multiples  of  $1,000,000  in  excess   thereof   (borrowings,   Conversions  or
prepayments  of or into Loans of  different  Types or, in the case of Fixed Rate
Loans, having different Interest Periods at the same time hereunder to be deemed
separate borrowings,  Conversions and prepayments for purposes of the foregoing,
one for  each  Type or  Interest  Period).  Anything  in this  Agreement  to the
contrary notwithstanding,  the aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Loans of
each Type having the same  Interest  Period shall be in an amount at least equal
to  $10,000,000  and in multiples of  $1,000,000  in excess  thereof and, if any
Fixed Rate Loans would otherwise be in a lesser principal amount for any period,
such Loans shall be Base Rate Loans during such period.

          4.05 Certain  Notices.  Except as  otherwise  provided in Section 2.03
hereof with respect to Money Market  Loans,  notices by the Company to the Agent
of terminations or reductions of the  Commitments,  of borrowings,  Conversions,
Continuations and optional prepayments of Loans and of Types of Loans and of the
duration of Interest Periods shall be irrevocable and shall be effective only if
received  by the Agent not later than 10:00 a.m.  New York time on the number of
Business  Days  prior  to the  date  of  the  relevant  termination,  reduction,
borrowing,  Conversion,  Continuation  or  prepayment  or the  first day of such
Interest Period specified below:

                                       20
<PAGE>

                                                         Number of
                                                         Business
                 Notice                                  Days Prior

         Termination or reduction
         of the Commitments                              five

         Borrowing or prepayment of,
         or Conversions into,
         Base Rate Loans                                 same day

         Borrowing or prepayment of,
         Conversions into, Continuations
         as, or duration of Interest
         Period for, Eurodollar Loans                    three

         Borrowing or prepayment of,
         Conversions into, Continuations
         as, or duration of Interest
         Period for, CD Loans                            two

Each such notice of  termination  or reduction  shall  specify the amount of the
Commitments  to be  terminated  or  reduced.  Each  such  notice  of  borrowing,
Conversion,  Continuation  or  optional  prepayment  shall  specify  the  amount
(subject  to  Section  4.04  hereof)  and  Type  of each  Loan  to be  borrowed,
Converted,  Continued or prepaid (and, in the case of a Conversion,  the Type of
Loan to result  from such  Conversion)  and the date of  borrowing,  Conversion,
Continuation or optional  prepayment  (which shall be a Business Day). Each such
notice of the duration of an Interest  Period  shall  specify the Loans to which
such Interest Period is to relate.  The Agent-shall  promptly notify the Lenders
of the  contents of each such  notice.  In the event that the  Company  fails to
select the Type of Loan, or the duration of any Interest  Period,  for any Fixed
Rate Loan within the time period and otherwise as provided in this Section 4.05,
such Loan (if outstanding as a Fixed Rate Loan) will be automatically  Converted
into a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then  current  Interest  Period for
such Loan or (if  outstanding  as a Base Rate Loan)  will  remain as, or (if not
then outstanding) will be made as, a Base Rate Loan.

          4.06  Non-Receipt  of Funds by the Agent.  Unless the Agent shall have
been  notified by a Lender or the  Company  (the  "Payor")  prior to the date on
which the Payor is to make payment to the Agent of (in the case of a Lender) the
proceeds of a Loan to be made by it  hereunder or (in the case of the Company) a
payment to the Agent for account of one or more of the Lenders  hereunder  (such
payment  being  herein  called the  "Required  Payment"),  which notice shall be
effective  upon  receipt,  that the Payor does not  intend to make the  Required
Payment to the Agent,  the Agent may assume that the  Required  Payment has been

                                       21

<PAGE>

made and may, in reliance upon such  assumption  (but shall not be required to),
make the amount thereof available to the intended recipient(s) on such date and,
if the  Payor  has not in fact  made the  Required  Payment  to the  Agent,  the
recipient(s) of such payment shall, on demand,  repay to the Agent the amount so
made available  together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the
period  commencing  on the date such amount was so made  available  by the Agent
until the date the Agent  recovers  such amount at a rate per annum equal to the
Federal Funds Rate for such day and, if such recipient(s) shall fail promptly to
make such  payment,  the Agent  shall be  entitled to recover  such  amount,  on
demand, from the Payor, together with interest as aforesaid.

          4.07 Sharing of Payments, Etc.

          (a) The Company  agrees that,  in addition to (and without  limitation
of) any right of set-off,  banker's lien or  counterclaim a Lender may otherwise
have, each Lender shall be entitled,  at its option,  to offset balances held by
it for account of the Company (for purposes of this Section  4.07(a),  "balances
held for  account of the  Company"  shall not include  any  balances  held in an
account in the name of a Person  other than the  Company) at any of its offices,
in Dollars or in any other currency, against any principal of or interest on any
of such Lender's  Loans,  or any other amount payable to such Lender  hereunder,
which is not paid when due  (regardless of whether such balances are then due to
the Company),  in which case it shall promptly  notify the Company and the Agent
thereof,  provided  that such  Lender's  failure to give such  notice  shall not
affect the validity of such offset.

          (b) If any Lender shall obtain payment of any principal of or interest
on any Loan made by it to the Company under this Agreement  through the exercise
of any right of  set-off,  banker's  lien or  counterclaim  or similar  right or
otherwise,  and, as a result of such payment,  such Lender shall have received a
greater  percentage  of the  principal  or interest  then due  hereunder  by the
Company to such Lender than the  percentage  received by any other  Lenders,  it
shall promptly purchase from such other Lenders participations in (or, if and to
the extent  specified by such Lender,  direct  interests  in) the Loans owing to
such other  Lenders (or in  interest  due  thereon,  as the case may be) in such
amounts,  and  make  such  other  adjustments  from  time to time  as  shall  be
equitable,  to the end that all the  Lenders  shall  share the  benefit  of such
excess  payment  (net of any  expenses  which may be  incurred by such Lender in
obtaining or preserving  such excess  payment) pro rata in  accordance  with the
unpaid  principal of and/or  interest on the Loans owing to each of the Lenders.
To such end all the Lenders shall make appropriate  adjustments among themselves
(by the resale of participations sold or otherwise) if such payment is rescinded
or must otherwise be restored.

          (c) The Company  agrees that any Lender so purchasing a  participation
(or direct  interest)  in the Loans made by other  Lenders (or in  interest  due
thereon, as the case may be) may exercise all rights of set-off,  banker's lien,
counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such participation as fully as if
such Lender were a direct holder of Loans in the amount of such participation.

                                       22

<PAGE>

          (d) Nothing  contained herein shall require any Lender to exercise any
such right or shall affect the right of any Lender to  exercise,  and retain the
benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or
obligation of the Company.

          (e) If, under any applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency or other similar
law,  any  Lender  receives  a secured  claim in lieu of a set-off to which this
Section 4.07 applies, such Lender shall, to the extent practicable, exercise its
rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner  consistent  with the rights
of the Lenders  entitled under this Section 4.07 to share in the benefits of any
recovery on such secured claim.

          Section 5. Yield Protection and Illegality.

          5.01 Additional Costs.

          (a) The  Company  shall pay  directly to each Lender from time to time
such amounts as such Lender may  determine to be necessary to  compensate it for
any costs  which  such  Lender  determines  are  attributable  to its  making or
maintaining  of any Fixed  Rate Loans or its  obligation  to make any Fixed Rate
Loans  hereunder,  or any  reduction  in any amount  receivable  by such  Lender
hereunder in respect of any of such Loans or such obligation  (such increases in
costs and  reductions  in amounts  receivable  being herein  called  "Additional
Costs"), resulting from any Regulatory Change which:

               (i)  subjects  any Lender to taxation on, or changes the basis of
          taxation of, any amounts  payable to such Lender under this  Agreement
          or its Notes in respect of any of such Loans (other than taxes imposed
          on or  measured  by the  overall  net income of such  Lender or of its
          Applicable Lending Office for any of such Loans by the jurisdiction in
          which such Lender has its principal office or such Applicable  Lending
          Office); or

               (ii) imposes or modifies any reserve,  special deposit or similar
          requirements  (other  than the  Reserve  Requirement  utilized  in the
          determination  of the Fixed Rate or LIBO Rate, as the case may be, for
          such Loan) relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or
          any deposits with or other  liabilities of, such Lender (including any
          of such Loans or any deposits  referred to in the definition of "Fixed
          Base Rate" in Section 1.01 hereof),  or any  commitment of such Lender
          (including the Commitments of such Lender hereunder); or

               (iii) imposes any other condition affecting this Agreement or its
          Notes (or any of such  extensions  of credit  or  liabilities)  or its
          Commitments.

If any Lender requests compensation from the Company under this Section 5.01(a),
the Company  may, by notice to such Lender  (with a copy to the Agent),  suspend
the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue Loans of the Type with respect
to which such compensation is requested-until  the Regulatory Change giving rise
to such request  ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section
5.04 hereof shall be applicable).

                                       23

<PAGE>

          (b) Without  limiting the effect of the provisions of paragraph (a) of
this Section 5.01, in the event that, by reason of any  Regulatory  Change,  any
Lender  either (i) incurs  Additional  Costs  based on or measured by the excess
above a  specified  level of the  amount  of a  category  of  deposits  or other
liabilities  of such Lender  which  includes  deposits by reference to which the
interest rate on Eurodollar  Loans or CD Loans is determined as provided in this
Agreement or a category of  extensions  of credit or other assets of such Lender
which  includes  Eurodollar  Loans  or CD  Loans  or  (ii)  becomes  subject  to
restrictions  on the amount of such a category of liabilities or assets which it
may hold,  then,  if such Lender so elects by notice to the Company (with a copy
.to the Agent),  the obligation of such Lender to make or Continue Loans of such
Type hereunder shall be suspended  until such Regulatory  Change ceases to be in
effect  (in  which  case  the   provisions  of  Section  5.04  hereof  shall  be
applicable).

          (c) Without  limiting the effect of the  foregoing  provisions of this
Section 5.01 (but without  duplication),  the Company shall pay directly to each
Lender from time to time on request such amounts as such Lender may determine to
be  necessary  to  compensate  such Lender (or,  without  duplication,  the bank
holding  company of which such  Lender is a  subsidiary)  for any costs which it
determines are attributable to the maintenance by such Lender (or any Applicable
Lending Office or such bank holding company),  pursuant to any law or regulation
or any interpretation,  directive or request (whether or not having the force of
law) of any court or governmental or monetary authority

               (i) following any Regulatory Change, or

               (ii) implementing any risk-based capital guideline or requirement
          (whether or not having the force of law and whether or not the failure
          to comply therewith would be unlawful)  heretofore or hereafter issued
          by  any   government  or   governmental   or   supervisory   authority
          implementing  at the  national  level  the  Basle  Accord  (including,
          without  limitation,  the Final Risk-Based  Capital  Guidelines of the
          Board of  Governors of the Federal  Reserve  System (12 CFR Part 208 '
          Appendix  A; 12 CFR Part 225,  Appendix  A) and the  Final  Risk-Based
          Capital  Guidelines of the Office of the  Comptroller  of the Currency
          (12 CFR Part 3, Appendix A)),

of capital in respect of its Commitment or Loans (such  Compensation to include,
without  limitation,  an amount equal to any  reduction of the rate of return on
assets or equity of such Lender (or any  Applicable  Lending Office or such bank
holding  company)  to a level  below that which such  Lender (or any  Applicable
Lending office or such bank holding company) could have achieved with respect to
such  Lender's  Commitment  or Loans  hereunder  but for such  law,  regulation,
interpretation,  directive  or request).  For purposes of this Section  5.01(c),
"Basle  Accord"  shall  mean the  proposals  for  risk-based  capital  framework
described  by  the  Basle  Committee  on  Banking  Regulations  and  Supervisory
Practices  in  its  paper   entitled   "International   Convergence  of  Capital
Measurement  and Capital  Standards"  dated July 1988, as amended,  modified and
supplemented and in effect from time to time or any replacement thereof.

                                       24

<PAGE>

          (d) Each Lender will notify the Company of any event  occurring  after
the date of this Agreement that will entitle such Lender to  compensation  under
paragraph (a) or (c) of this Section 5.01 as promptly as practicable, but in any
event  within 45 days,  after such  Lender  obtains  actual  knowledge  thereof;
provided,  however,  that if any Lender fails to give such notice within 45 days
after it obtains  actual  knowledge of such an event,  such Lender  shall,  with
respect to compensation  payable pursuant to this Section 5.01 in respect of any
costs resulting from such event,  only be entitled to payment under this Section
5.01 for costs  incurred  from and after the date 45 days prior to the date that
such Lender does give such notice; and provided,  further, that each Lender will
designate a  different  Applicable  Lending  Office for the Loans of such Lender
affected  by such event if such  designation  will avoid the need for, or reduce
the amount  of,  such  compensation  and will not,  in the sole  opinion of such
Lender, be disadvantageous to such Lender, except that such Lender shall have no
obligation  to  designate an  Applicable  Lending  Office  located in the United
States of America. Each Lender will furnish to the Company a certificate setting
forth the basis and amount of each request by such Lender for compensation under
paragraph (a) or (c) of this Section 5.01. Determinations and allocations by any
Lender for purposes of this Section 5.01 of the effect of any Regulatory  Change
pursuant  to  paragraph  (a) or (b) of this  Section  5.01,  or of the effect of
capital maintained  pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 5.01, on its costs
or rate of return of maintaining  Loans or its  obligation to make Loans,  or on
amounts  receivable  by it in respect of Loans,  and of the amounts  required to
compensate  such Lender under this Section 5.01,  shall be conclusive,  provided
that such determinations and allocations are made on a reasonable basis and in a
manner  consistent with the  determinations  and allocations made by such Lender
with  respect  to its other  commitments  and  extensions  of  credit  similarly
affected.

          5.02  Limitation  on Types of Loans.  Anything  herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, if, on or prior to the determination of any Fixed Base Rate for
any Interest Period:

               (a) the Agent determines, which determination shall be conclusive
          provided  that it is made on a reasonable  basis,  that  quotations of
          interest rates for the relevant deposits referred to in the definition
          of "Fixed Base Rate" in Section 1.01 hereof are not being  provided in
          the relevant  amounts or for the relevant  maturities  for purposes of
          determining  rates of  interest  for any Type of Fixed  Rate  Loans as
          provided herein; or

               (b) Lenders  having more than 50% of the aggregate  amount of the
          Commitments  determine  (or any Lender  that has  outstanding  a Money
          Market Quote with respect to a LIBOR  Market Loan  determines),  which
          determination  shall  be  conclusive  provided  that  it is  made on a
          reasonable  basis,  and notify (or  notifies,  as the case may be) the
          Agent  that  the  relevant  rates  of  interest  referred  to  in  the
          definition  of "Fixed Base Rate" in Section 1.01 hereof upon the basis
          of which the rate of  interest  for  Eurodollar  Loans or CD Loans (or
          LIBOR Market Loans, as the case may be) for such Interest Period is to
          be  determined  are not  likely  adequately  to cover the cost to such
          Lenders (or to such quoting Lender) of making or maintaining such Type
          of Loans for such Interest Period;

                                       25

<PAGE>

then the Agent shall give the Company and each Lender prompt notice thereof, and
so long as such  condition  remains  in effect,  the  Lenders  (or such  quoting
Lender) shall be under no obligation to make  additional  Loans of such Type, to
Continue  Loans of such Type or to Convert Loans of any other Type into Loans of
such Type and the Company shall, on the last day(s) of the then current Interest
Period for the  outstanding  Loans of such  Type,  either  prepay  such Loans or
Convert  such Loans into another  Type of Loan in  accordance  with Section 2.09
hereof.

          5.03   Illegality.   Notwithstanding   any  other  provision  of  this
Agreement,  in the  event  that  it  becomes  unlawful  for  any  Lender  or its
Applicable Lending Office to honor its obligation to make or maintain Eurodollar
Loans or LIBOR Market Loans  hereunder,  then such Lender shall promptly  notify
the Company  thereof (with a copy to the Agent) and such Lender's  obligation to
make  Eurodollar  Loans  shall be  suspended  until such time as such Lender may
again  make and  maintain  Eurodollar  Loans (in which  case the  provisions  of
Section  5.04 hereof  shall be  applicable),  and such Lender shall no longer be
obligated to make any LIBOR Market Loan that it has offered to make.

          5.04 Treatment of Affected  Loans.  If the obligation of any Lender to
make a  particular  Type of Fixed  Rate Loans  shall be  suspended  pursuant  to
Section 5.01 or 5.03 hereof  (Loans of such Type being herein  called  "Affected
Loans" and such Type being herein  called the  "Affected  Type"),  such Lender's
Affected Loans shall be automatically Converted into Base Rate Loans on the last
day(s) of the then current  Interest  Period(s)  for Affected  Loans (or, in the
case of a Conversion required by Section 5.01(b) or 5.03 hereof, on such earlier
date as such Lender may  specify to the  Company  with a copy to the Agent) and,
unless  and  until  such  Lender  gives  notice  as  provided   below  that  the
circumstances  specified  in Section 5.01 or 5.03 hereof which gave rise to such
Conversion no longer exist:

          (a) to the  extent  that such  Lender's  Affected  Loans  have been so
     Converted,  all payments and prepayments of principal which would otherwise
     be applied to such Lender's  Affected Loans shall be applied instead to its
     Base Rate Loans;

          (b) all Loans  which  would  otherwise  be made or  Continued  by such
     Lender as Loans of the Affected Type shall be made or Continued  instead as
     Base Rate  Loans and all Loans of such  Lender  which  would  otherwise  be
     Converted  into Loans of the Affected  Type shall be Converted  instead (or
     shall remain as) Base Rate Loans; and

          (c) if Loans of other Lenders of  the-Affected  Type are  subsequently
     Converted  into Loans of another  Type (other than Base Rate  Loans),  such
     Lender's Base Rate Loans shall be automatically Converted an the Conversion
     date for such Loans of the other  Lenders  into Loans of such other Type to
     the extent necessary so that,  after giving effect thereto,  all Loans held
     by such Lender and the Lenders  whose Loans are so  Converted  are held pro
     rata (as to principal  amounts,  Types and Interest  Periods) in accordance
     with their respective Commitments.

                                       26

<PAGE>

          5.05  Compensation.  The Company shall pay to the Agent for account of
each Lender,  upon the request of such Lender through the Agent,  such amount or
amounts as shall be  sufficient  (in the  reasonable  opinion of such Lender) to
compensate  it for any loss,  cost or expense  which such Lender  determines  is
attributable to:

          (a) any payment or  conversion of a Fixed Rate Loan or a Set Rate Loan
     made by such  Lender for any reason  (including,  without  limitation,  the
     acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 9 hereof or the conversion of
     Loans pursuant to Section 5.04 hereof) on a date other than the last day of
     the Interest Period for such Loan; or

          (b) any  failure by the  Company  for any reason  (including,  without
     limitation,  the failure of any of the  conditions  precedent  specified in
     Section 6 hereof to be satisfied) to borrow a Fixed Rate Loan or a Set Rate
     Loan  (with  respect  to which,  in the case of a Money  Market  Loan,  the
     Company has accepted a Money Market Quote) from such Lender on the date for
     such borrowing specified in the relevant notice of borrowing given pursuant
     to Section 2.02 or 2.03(b) hereof.

Without limiting the effect of the preceding  sentence,  such compensation shall
include an amount  equal to the  excess,  if any,  of (i) the amount of interest
which otherwise would have accrued on the principal  amount so paid or converted
or not  borrowed  for the period from the date of such  payment,  conversion  or
failure to borrow to the last day of the  Interest  Period for such Loan (or, in
the case of a failure to borrow,  the Interest  Period for such Loan which would
have commenced on the date specified for such  borrowing) at the applicable rate
of interest for such Loan  provided for herein over (ii) the interest  component
of the amount such Lender would have bid in the London interbank market (if such
Loan is a Eurodollar Loan or a LIBOR Market Loan) or the United States secondary
certificate of deposit market (if such Loan is a CD Loan or a Set Rate Loan) for
Dollar deposits of leading banks in amounts  comparable to such principal amount
and with maturities  comparable to such period (as reasonably determined by such
Lender).

          Section 6. Conditions Precedent.

          6.01 Initial  Loan.  The  obligation of any Lender to make its initial
Loan  hereunder  is  subject  to the  receipt  by  the  Agent  of the  following
documents,  each of  which  shall  be  satisfactory  to the  Agent  in form  and
substance:

          (a)   Corporate   Action.   Certified   copies  of  the   articles  of
     incorporation  and by-laws of the Company and all corporate action taken by
     the Company  approving  this  Agreement and the Notes and borrowings by the
     Company hereunder  (including,  without  limitation,  a certificate setting
     forth the  resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company  adopted in
     respect of the transactions contemplated hereby).

                                       27

<PAGE>

          (b) Incumbency. A certificate of the Company in respect of each of the
     officers (i) who is authorized to sign on its behalf this  Agreement or the
     Notes and (ii) who will, until replaced by another officer or officers duly
     authorized for that purpose,  act as its representative for the purposes of
     signing documents and giving notices and other communications in connection
     with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and the Agent
     and each Lender may conclusively rely on such certificate until it receives
     notice in writing from the Company to the contrary).

          (c)  Officer's  Certificate.  A  certificate  of a vice  president  or
     treasurer or assistant  treasurer of the Company to the effect set forth in
     the first sentence of Section 6.02 hereof.

          (d) Notes. The Notes, duly completed and executed and delivered.

          (e)  Opinion  of  Counsel  to the  Company.  An  opinion of Kenneth E.
     Armstrong,  Esq.,  Vice  President  and  General  Counsel  of the  Company,
     substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

          (f) PSC Approval.  A copy of the order of the Florida  Public  Service
     Commission  authorizing  the  execution  and delivery by the Company of the
     Notes and its borrowings hereunder.

          (g) Other  Documents.  Such other documents as the Agent or any Lender
     may reasonably request.

          6.02 Initial and  Subsequent  Loans.  The  obligation of any Lender to
make any Loan  (including  any  Money  Market  Loan  and such  Lender's  initial
Syndicated Loan) to the Company upon the occasion of each borrowing hereunder is
subject to the further conditions precedent that, both immediately prior to such
Loan and also after giving  effect  thereto:  (i) no Default shall have occurred
and be  continuing;  and (ii) the  representations  and  warranties  made by the
Company in Section 7 hereof  shall be true and complete on and as of the date of
the  making of such Loan with the same  force and effect as if made on and as of
such date. Each notice of borrowing by the Company  hereunder shall constitute a
certification  by the Company to the effect set forth in the preceding  sentence
(both as of the date of such notice and, unless the Company  otherwise  notifies
the  Agent  prior  to the  date  of  such  borrowing,  as of the  date  of  such
borrowing).

                                       28

<PAGE>

          Section 7. Representations and Warranties.  The Company represents and
warrants to the Lenders that:

          7.01  Corporate  Existence.  The Company:  (a) is a  corporation  duly
organized and validly  existing under the laws of the State of Florida;  (b) has
all  requisite  corporate  power,  and has all material  governmental  licenses,
authorizations,  consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on
its business as now being or as proposed to be  conducted;  and (c) is qualified
to do  business  in all  jurisdictions  in  which  the  nature  of the  business
conducted  by it makes  such  qualification  necessary  and where  failure so to
qualify  would  have a material  adverse  effect on the  consolidated  financial
condition,  operations  or  business  taken  as a whole of the  Company  and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries.

          7.02 Financial  Condition.  The audited  consolidated balance sheet of
the Company and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries  as at December 31, 1997 and the
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and cash flow of
the Company and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended on said
date,  with the opinion  thereon of KPMG Peat  Marwick  LLP,  and the  unaudited
consolidated  balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries as
at September 30, 1998 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash
flow of the Company and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries for the nine-month period
ended on such date,  heretofore  furnished to each of the Lenders,  are complete
and  correct and fairly  present the  consolidated  financial  condition  of the
Company and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries as at said dates and the consolidated
results of their  operations for the fiscal year and nine-month  period ended on
said dates  (subject,  in the case of such financial  statements as at September
30,  1998,  to  normal  year-end  audit  adjustments),  all in  accordance  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles and practices applied on a consistent
basis (provided that such financial  statements may contain condensed  footnotes
prepared  in  accordance  with  Rule  10-01(a)(5)  of  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission  Regulation S-X). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries had
on said dates any contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward
or  long-term   commitments  or  unrealized  or  anticipated   losses  from  any
unfavorable  commitments,   in  each  case  material  to  the  Company  and  its
Consolidated  Subsidiaries taken as a whole,  except as referred to or reflected
or provided for in said balance  sheets as at said dates.  Since  September  30,
1998, there has been no material  adverse change in the  consolidated  financial
condition,  operations  or  business  taken  as a whole of the  Company  and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries from that set forth in said financial statements as at
said date.

          7.03  Litigation.  Except for the matters  disclosed in the  Company's
Annual  Report  on Form  10-K for the year  ended  December  31,  1997,  and the
Company's  Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, June
30, and September 30, 1998,  there are no legal or arbitral  proceedings  or any
proceedings by or before any governmental or regulatory authority or agency, now
pending or (to the knowledge of the Company)  threatened  against the Company or
any of the Company's  Subsidiaries which, if adversely determined,  could have a
material adverse effect on the consolidated  financial condition,  operations or
business taken as a whole of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries.

                                       29

<PAGE>

          7.04 No Breach.  None of the execution and delivery of this  Agreement
and the Notes,  the  consummation of the  transactions  herein  contemplated and
compliance  with the terms and provisions  hereof and thereof will conflict with
or  result in a breach  of, or  require  any  consent  under,  the  articles  of
incorporation or by-laws of the Company, or any applicable law or regulation, or
any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental  authority or
agency,  or any  agreement  or  instrument  to which the  Company  or any of the
Company's  Subsidiaries  is a party or by which any of them is bound or to which
any of them is subject,  or  constitute  a default  under any such  agreement or
instrument,  or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the
revenues or assets of the Company or any of the Company's  Subsidiaries pursuant
to the terms of any such agreement or instrument.

          7.05 Corporate Action.  The Company has all necessary  corporate power
and  authority  to  execute,  deliver and  perform  its  obligations  under this
Agreement and the Notes; the execution,  delivery and performance by the Company
of this  Agreement  and the Notes  have been duly  authorized  by all  necessary
corporate  action on the part of the Company;  and this  Agreement has been duly
and  validly  executed  and  delivered  by the  Company  and each such  document
constitutes,  and each of the Notes when  executed by the Company and  delivered
for value  will  constitute,  the legal,  valid and  binding  obligation  of the
Company,  enforceable  in accordance  with its terms,  except to the extent that
enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium  or similar laws  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
generally.

          7.06 Approvals.  Other than the approval of the Florida Public Service
Commission,  no  authorizations,  approvals  or  consents  of, and no filings or
registrations  with,  any  governmental  or  regulatory  authority or agency are
necessary  for the  execution,  delivery or  performance  by the Company of this
Agreement or the Notes, or for the validity or enforceability of any thereof.

          7.07 Use of Loans. The Company is not engaged  principally,  or as one
of its  important  activities,  in the  business  of  extending  credit  for the
purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin
Stock and no part of the proceeds of any Loan  hereunder  will be used to buy or
carry any Margin Stock.

          7.08 ERISA.  The Company and the ERISA Affiliates have fulfilled their
respective obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Code
with respect to each Plan and are in  compliance  in all material  respects with
the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, and have not incurred
any liability to the PBGC or any Plan or Multiemployer  Plan (other than to make
contributions in the ordinary course of business).

                                       30

<PAGE>

          7.09 Taxes. United States Federal income tax returns of the Parent and
its  Subsidiaries  have been examined and closed  through the fiscal year of the
Parent ended December 31, 1985. The Parent and its  Subsidiaries  have filed all
United  States  Federal  income tax returns and all other  material  tax returns
which are  required to be filed by them and have paid all taxes due  pursuant to
such returns or pursuant to any assessment  received by the Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries.  The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Parent and
its Subsidiaries in respect of taxes and other governmental  charges are, in the
opinion of the  Company,  adequate.  If the Parent is a member of an  affiliated
group of  corporations  filing  consolidated  returns for United States  Federal
income tax purposes, it is the "common parent" of such group.

          7.10  Investment  Company  Act.  The  Company  is not  an  "investment
company",  or a company  "controlled"  by an  "investment  company",  within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

          7.11 Public  Utility  Holding  Company  Act.  The Company is a "public
utility  company"  within the meaning of Section  2(a)(5) of the Public  Utility
Holding  Company  Act of 1935 (the "1935  Act").  The  Company is not a "holding
company"  within the meaning of Section  2(a)(7) of the 1935 Act. The Company is
an  "affiliate"  within the  meaning of Section  2(a)(11) of the 1935 Act of the
Parent and is a "subsidiary company" of the Parent within the meaning of Section
2(a)(8) of the 1935 Act. The Parent is a "holding company" within the meaning of
Section  2(a)(7) of the 1935 Act,  but is entitled to and  currently  claims the
benefits  of an  exemption  from the  requirements  of the 1935 Act (other  than
Section  9(a)(2)  thereof)  pursuant to Rule 2 under Section 3(a)(1) of the 1935
Act.  The Parent has filed  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  all
documents that are necessary to maintain such exemption in full force and effect
and such exemption is in full force and effect. Such exemption also provides the
Company with an exemption from all  requirements of the 1935 Act relating to the
Company's  status as a "subsidiary  company" of the Parent.  Neither the Company
nor the Parent has received any  notification  from the  Securities and Exchange
Commission  under Rule 6 under the 1935 Act with respect to its status under the
1935 Act.  Except  for  proceedings  that may arise  should the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission  adopt  proposed  Rule 17 under the 1935 Act,  neither  the
Company nor the Parent has any knowledge of any fact or other  circumstance that
would provide the Securities and Exchange Commission with a basis for seeking to
regulate the Company as a holding  company  under the 1935 Act or for seeking to
revoke the exemption under the 1935 Act presently claimed by the Parent. No Loan
will be made in  violation  of the  provisions  of the  1935  Act or any rule or
regulation thereunder, for purposes of Section 26(c) thereof.

          Section 8. Covenants of the Company.  The Company agrees that, so long
as any of the  Commitments  are in effect and until payment in full of all Loans
hereunder,  all interest  thereon and all other  amounts  payable by the Company
hereunder:

          8.01  Financial  Statements.  The Company shall deliver to each of the
Lenders:

          (a) as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after the end
     of each  quarterly  fiscal  period  of  each  fiscal  year of the  Company,
     consolidated  statements  of income  and cash flow of the  Company  and its
     Consolidated  Subsidiaries  for such  period  and for the  period  from the
     beginning of the respective fiscal year to the end of such period,  and the
     related  consolidated  balance sheet as at the end of such period,  setting
     forth  in each  case in  comparative  form the  corresponding  consolidated
     figures  for  the  corresponding  period  in  the  preceding  fiscal  year,
     accompanied by a certificate of the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer,  the
     Chief Financial officer or the Controller of the Company, which certificate
     shall state that said financial  statements fairly present the consolidated
     financial  condition  and  results of  operations  of the  Company  and its

                                       31

<PAGE>

     Consolidated  Subsidiaries in accordance with generally accepted accounting
     principles,  consistently  applied,  as at the end of, and for, such period
     (subject  to normal  year-end  audit  adjustments  and  provided  that such
     financial statements may contain condensed footnotes prepared in accordance
     with Rule  10-01(a)(5)  of Securities  and Exchange  Commission  Regulation
     S-X);

          (b) as soon as  available  and in any event  within 120 days after the
     end of each fiscal year of the Company,  consolidated statements of income,
     shareholders'  equity  and cash flow of the  Company  and its  Consolidated
     Subsidiaries for such year and the related consolidated balance sheet as at
     the end of such year,  setting forth in each case in  comparative  form the
     corresponding  consolidated  figures for the  preceding  fiscal  year,  and
     accompanied, in the case of said consolidated statements and balance sheet,
     by an opinion  thereon  of  independent  certified  public  accountants  of
     recognized   national  standing,   which  opinion  shall  state  that  said
     consolidated financial statements fairly present the consolidated financial
     condition  and results of  operations  of the Company and its  Consolidated
     Subsidiaries as at the end of, and for, such fiscal year;

          (c) promptly upon their becoming available, copies of all registration
     statements and regular  periodic  reports,  if any, which the Company shall
     have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any governmental
     agency substituted therefor) or any national securities exchange;

          (d)  promptly  upon the  mailing  thereof to the  shareholders  of the
     Parent  generally,  copies of all financial  statements,  reports and proxy
     statements so mailed;

          (e) if any of the events or conditions specified below with respect to
     any Plan or Multiemployer Plan shall have occurred or exist,  promptly upon
     filing any  required  notice  thereof  with PBGC,  a copy of such notice or
     other report to PBGC and a statement signed by a senior  financial  officer
     of the Company setting forth details respecting such event or condition and
     the action,  if any,  which the Company or an ERISA  Affiliate  proposes to
     take with respect thereto:

               (i) any reportable  event, as defined in Section 4043(b) of ERISA
          and the regulations issued  thereunder,  with respect to a Plan, as to
          which PBGC has not by  regulation  waived the  requirement  of Section
          4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified  within 30 days of the occurrence
          of such event  (provided  that a failure to meet the  minimum  funding
          standard of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA shall be a
          reportable  event  regardless  of  the  issuance  of  any  waivers  in
          accordance with Section 412(d) of the Code);

               (ii) the filing under Section 4041 of ERISA of a notice of intent
          to terminate any Plan or the termination of any Plan;

                                       32

<PAGE>

               (iii) the  institution by PBGC of proceedings  under Section 4042
          of ERISA for the  termination  of, or the  appointment of a trustee to
          administer,  any Plan,  or the  receipt  by the  Company  or any ERISA
          Affiliate of a notice from a  Multiemployer  Plan that such action has
          been taken by PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan;

               (iv) the  complete  or partial  withdrawal  by the  Company,  the
          Parent or any ERISA Affiliate under Section 4201 or 4204 of ERISA from
          a  Multiemployer  Plan,  or the  receipt  by the  Company or any ERISA
          Affiliate  of  notice  from  a  Multiemployer   Plan  that  it  is  in
          reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA
          or that it intends to terminate or has terminated  under Section 4041A
          of ERISA; and

               (v)  the  institution  of a  proceeding  by a  fiduciary  of  any
          Multiemployer  Plan  against  the  Company or any ERISA  Affiliate  to
          enforce Section 515 of ERISA, which proceeding is not dismissed within
          30 days;

          (f)  promptly  after the Company  knows or has reason to know that any
Default has occurred, a notice of such Default describing the same in reasonable
detail,  specifying that such notice is a "Notice of Default" and, together with
such notice or as soon thereafter as possible,  a description of the action that
the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; and

          (g) from time to time such other  information  regarding the business,
affairs  or  financial  condition  of  the  Company  or  any  of  the  Company's
Subsidiaries (including,  without limitation, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan and
any reports or other information required to be filed under ERISA) as any Lender
or the Agent may reasonably request.

The Company will furnish to each  Lender,  at the time it furnishes  each set of
financial  statements  pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above,  a certificate of
the  Treasurer,  an  Assistant  Treasurer,  the Chief  Financial  Officer or the
Controller  of the  Company to the effect that no Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing  (or, if any Default has occurred and is  continuing,  describing the
same in reasonable  detail and  describing the action that the Company has taken
and proposes to take with respect thereto).

          8.02 Litigation.  The Company will promptly give to each Lender notice
(which  notice may be given by the Company  through the Parent and may be in the
form of the Company's or the Parent's 1934 Act Reports) of all legal or arbitral
proceedings,  and of all proceedings by or before any governmental or regulatory
authority or agency,  and any material  development  in respect of such legal or
other proceedings,  affecting the Company or any of the Company's  Subsidiaries,
except  proceedings  which, if adversely  determined,  would not have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated  financial condition,  operations or business
taken as a whole of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries.

                                       33

<PAGE>

          8.03 Corporate Existence, Etc. The Company will: preserve and maintain
its  corporate  existence  and  all  of  its  material  rights,  privileges  and
franchises;  comply  with  the  requirements  of  all  applicable  laws,  rules,
regulations and orders of  governmental or regulatory  authorities if failure to
comply  with  such  requirements  would  materially  and  adversely  affect  the
consolidated financial condition, operations or business taken as a whole of the
Company  and its  Consolidated  Subsidiaries,  except for any such laws,  rules,
regulations or orders that the Company is contesting in good faith and by proper
proceedings;  pay and discharge all taxes,  assessments and governmental charges
or levies  imposed on it or on its  income or profits or on any of its  property
prior to the date on which penalties  attach  thereto,  except for any such tax,
assessment, charge or levy the payment of which is being contested in good faith
and by  proper  proceedings  and  against  which  adequate  reserves  are  being
maintained;  maintain  all of its  properties  used or useful in its business in
good working order and condition,  ordinary wear and tear  excepted;  and permit
representatives  of any Lender or the Agent,  during normal  business  hours, to
examine,  copy and make  extracts  from its books and  records,  to inspect  its
properties,  and to discuss its business and affairs with its  officers,  all to
the extent  reasonably  requested  by such  Lender or the Agent (as the case may
be).

          8.04  Prohibition of Fundamental  Changes.  The Company will not enter
into any transaction of merger or consolidation  or amalgamation,  or liquidate,
wind up or dissolve  itself (or suffer any liquidation or  dissolution),  except
that  the  Company  may  merge  into the  Parent  so long as the  Parent  is the
surviving  corporation and assumes all of the Company's  obligations  under this
Agreement  and the  Notes  and so long as both  prior to such  merger  and after
giving  effect  thereto no Default shall have  occurred and be  continuing.  The
Company will not convey,  sell, lease,  transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one
transaction  or a series of  transactions,  all or any  substantial  part of its
business or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

          8.05 Use of  Proceeds.  The Company will use the proceeds of the Loans
hereunder for its general corporate  purposes (in compliance with all applicable
legal and  regulatory  requirements);  provided  that  neither the Agent nor any
Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any of such proceeds.

          8.06 Indebtedness to Capitalization Ratio. The Company will not permit
the  ratio  of  (a)  all  Indebtedness  of  the  Company  and  its  Consolidated
Subsidiaries to (b) the Total Capitalization of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries to exceed .65 to 1 at any time.

          8.07  Negative  Pledge.  The Company will not, and will not permit any
Subsidiary  to,  create,  assume  or  suffer  to  exist  any  Lien on any of its
property,  assets or revenues,  whether now owned or hereafter acquired,  except
for:

          (a) Liens  existing on the date hereof  securing  Indebtedness,  other
     than  Indebtedness  secured  by  the  Existing  Indenture,  outstanding  on
     November  17,  1998 in an  aggregate  principal  amount  not in  excess  of
     $240,865,000;

                                       34

<PAGE>

          (b) any Lien existing on any asset of any corporation at the time such
     corporation  becomes  a  Subsidiary  of the  Company  and  not  created  in
     contemplation of such event;

          (c) any Lien on any asset  securing  Indebtedness  incurred or assumed
     for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring  such
     asset,  provided that such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently with or
     within 90 days after the acquisition thereof;

          (d) any Lien on any asset of any corporation existing at the time such
     corporation  is merged into or is  consolidated  with the Company or one of
     its Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of such event;

          (e) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by
     the Company or one of its  Subsidiaries and not created in contemplation of
     such acquisition;

          (f) any Lien  arising out of the  refinancing,  extension,  renewal or
     refunding of any  Indebtedness  secured by any Lien permitted by any of the
     foregoing  clauses of this Section,  provided that such Indebtedness is not
     increased and is not secured by any additional assets;

          (g) any Lien arising pursuant to any order of attachment, distraint or
     similar legal process arising in connection with court  proceedings so long
     as the execution or other enforcement thereof is effectively stayed and the
     claims  secured  thereby are being  contested in good faith by  appropriate
     proceedings;

          (h) Liens  incidental  to conduct of its business or the  ownership of
     its  assets  which (i) do not  secure  Indebtedness  and (ii) do not in the
     aggregate  materially  detract  from the value of its assets or  materially
     impair the use thereof in the operation of its business;

          (i) the Liens created by the Existing Indenture; and

          (j) Liens upon  rights-of-way  for  transmission or distribution  line
     purposes;   provided   that  the   Company  or  one  of  its   Consolidated
     Subsidiaries,  as the case may be has,  in the  opinion of counsel  for the
     Company,  power  under  eminent  domain or similar  statutes to condemn and
     acquire  easements or  rights-of-way  sufficient  for its purposes over the
     land  covered by the  rights-of-way  in question  or other  lands  adjacent
     thereto.

          Section 9. Events of Default.  If one or more of the following  events
(herein called "Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

          (a) The Company shall default in the payment when due of any principal
     of or interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by it hereunder; or

                                       35

<PAGE>

          (b)  The  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall  default  in the
     payment  when  due of any  principal  of or  interest  on any of its  other
     indebtedness aggregating $10,000,000 or more; or any event specified in any
     note, agreement,  indenture or other document evidencing or relating to any
     such  indebtedness  in the aggregate  amount set forth above in this clause
     (b)  shall  occur if the  effect of such  event is to  cause,  or (with the
     giving of any  notice or the lapse of time or both) to permit the holder or
     holders  of such  indebtedness  (or a  trustee  or agent on  behalf of such
     holder or  holders)  to cause,  such  indebtedness  to become due, or to be
     prepaid in full (whether by redemption,  purchase or  otherwise),  prior to
     its stated maturity; or

          (c) Any representation,  warranty or certification made or deemed made
     herein (or in any modification or supplement hereto) by the Company, or any
     certificate furnished to any Lender or the Agent pursuant to the provisions
     hereof (or thereof), shall prove to have been false or misleading as of the
     time made or furnished in any material respect; or

          (d)  The  Company  shall  default  in  the  performance  of any of its
     obligations  under any of Sections  8.01(f) or 8.04 hereof;  or the Company
     shall default in the  performance  of any of its other  obligations in this
     Agreement and such default  shall  continue  unremedied  for a period of 30
     days  after  notice  thereof  to the  Company  by the  Agent or any  Lender
     (through the Agent);  or any "Event of Default" under and as defined in the
     Other FPC Agreement shall be continuing; or

          (e) The Company or any of the  Company's  Subsidiaries  shall admit in
     writing its inability to, or be generally  unable to, pay its debts as such
     debts become due; or

          (f) The Company or any of the Company's  Subsidiaries  shall (i) apply
     for or consent to the  appointment  of, or the taking of  possession  by, a
     receiver,  custodian,  trustee  or  liquidator  of  itself  or of  all or a
     substantial  part of its property,  (ii) make a general  assignment for the
     benefit  of its  creditors,  (iii)  commence  a  voluntary  case  under the
     Bankruptcy  Code (as now or  hereafter  in  effect),  (iv) file a  petition
     seeking  to  take  advantage  of any  other  law  relating  to  bankruptcy,
     insolvency,  reorganization,  winding-up, or composition or readjustment of
     debts,  (v) fail to  controvert  in a timely  and  appropriate  manner,  or
     acquiesce in writing to, any petition  filed  against it in an  involuntary
     case under the  Bankruptcy  Code (as now or hereafter  in effect),  or (vi)
     take  any  corporate  action  for  the  purpose  of  effecting  any  of the
     foregoing; or

          (g) A proceeding or case shall be commenced,  without the  application
     or consent  of the  Company or any of the  Company's  Subsidiaries,  in any
     court   of   competent    jurisdiction   seeking   (i)   its   liquidation,
     reorganization,   dissolution   or  winding-up,   or  the   composition  or
     readjustment  of its debts,  (ii) the  appointment of a trustee,  receiver,
     custodian,  liquidator or the like of the Company or such  Subsidiary or of

                                       36

<PAGE>

     all or any  substantial  part of its  assets,  or (iii)  similar  relief in
     respect  of the  Company  or such  Subsidiary  under  any law  relating  to
     bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  winding-up,  or  composition  or
     adjustment  of  debts,   and  such   proceeding  or  case  shall   continue
     undismissed,  or an order,  judgment or decree approving or ordering any of
     the foregoing shall be entered and continue  unstayed and in effect,  for a
     period of 60 or more days;  or an order for relief  against  the Company or
     such  Subsidiary  shall  be  entered  in  an  involuntary  case  under  the
     Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in effect); or

          (h) A final  judgment or judgments  for the payment of money in excess
     of  $10,000,000  in the  aggregate  shall be  rendered by a court or courts
     against the Company and/or any of the Company's  Subsidiaries  and the same
     shall  not  be  discharged  (or  provision  shall  not  be  made  for  such
     discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured, within 30
     days  from  the date of  entry  thereof  and the  Company  or the  relevant
     Subsidiary  shall not, within said period of 30 days, or such longer period
     during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom
     and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal; or

          (i) An event or condition  specified in Section  8.01(e)  hereof shall
     occur or exist with  respect to any Plan or  Multiemployer  Plan and,  as a
     result of such event or  condition,  together with all other such events or
     conditions,  the Company,  the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate shall incur or
     in the opinion of the Majority Lenders shall be reasonably  likely to incur
     a liability to a Plan, a Multiemployer  Plan or PBGC (or any combination of
     the  foregoing)  which is, in the  determination  of the Majority  Lenders,
     material in relation to the consolidated financial condition, operations or
     business taken as a whole of the Company and its Consolidated  Subsidiaries
     or of the Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries; or

          (j) Any  authorization,  approval  or consent of any  Governmental  or
     regulatory  authority or agency  necessary for the  execution,  delivery or
     performance  by the  Company of this  Agreement  or the  Notes,  or for the
     validity or enforceability thereof, shall, after the date of the receipt by
     the Agent of the order referred to in Section 6.01(g)  hereof,  cease to be
     in full force and effect; or

          (k) The Company  shall cease to be a  Wholly-owned  Subsidiary  of the
     Parent;

THEREUPON:  (1) in the case of an Event of Default other than one referred to in
clause (f) or (g) of this Section 9 with  respect to the Company,  (A) the Agent
may and, upon request of the Majority Lenders,  shall, by notice to the Company,
cancel the Commitments and they shall thereupon terminate, and (B) the Agent may
and,  upon  request of the  Majority  Lenders  shall,  by notice to the  Company
declare the principal  amount then  outstanding of, and the accrued interest on,

                                       37

<PAGE>

the Loans and all other amounts  payable by the Company  hereunder and under the
Notes  (including,  without  limitation,  any amounts payable under Section 5.05
hereof)  to be  forthwith  due and  payable,  whereupon  such  amounts  shall be
immediately  due and  payable  without  presentment,  demand,  protest  or other
formalities  of any  kind,  all of which  are  hereby  expressly  waived  by the
Company;  and (2) in the case of the occurrence of an Event of Default  referred
to in clause  (f) or (g) of this  Section 9 with  respect  to the  Company,  the
Commitments  shall  automatically  be  canceled  and the  principal  amount then
outstanding  of, and the accrued  interest  on, the Loans and all other  amounts
payable  by the  Company  hereunder  and  under the  Notes  (including,  without
limitation,  any amounts payable under Section 5.05 hereof) shall  automatically
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other
formalities  of any  kind,  all of which  are  hereby  expressly  waived  by the
Company.

          Section 10. The Agent.

          10.01   Appointment,   Powers  and  Immunities.   Each  Lender  hereby
irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent to act as its agent hereunder with
such  powers  as are  specifically  delegated  to the Agent by the terms of this
Agreement, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.
The Agent  (which  term as used in this  sentence  and in Section  10.05 and the
first sentence of Section 10.06 hereof shall include reference to its affiliates
and its own and its affiliates' officers, directors,  employees and agents): (a)
shall have no duties or  responsibilities  except those  expressly  set forth in
this  Agreement,  and shall not by reason of this Agreement be a trustee for any
Lender;  (b)  shall  not  be  responsible  to  the  Lenders  for  any  recitals,
statements, representations or warranties contained in this Agreement, or in any
certificate or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by any
of them  under,  this  Agreement,  or for the  value,  validity,  effectiveness,
genuineness,  enforceability  or sufficiency of this Agreement,  any Note or any
other  document  referred  to or  provided  for herein or for any failure by the
Company  or any other  Person to perform  any of its  obligations  hereunder  or
thereunder;  (c) shall not be required to initiate or conduct any  litigation or
collection  proceedings  hereunder;  and (d)  shall not be  responsible  for any
action taken or omitted to be taken by it hereunder or under any other  document
or  instrument  referred to or provided  for herein or in  connection  herewith,
except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The Agent may employ
agents and  attorneys-in-fact and shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in good faith.
The Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof for all
purposes  hereof unless and until a written notice of the assignment or transfer
thereof shall have been filed with the Agent,  together with the written consent
of the Company to such assignment or transfer.

          10.02 Reliance by Agent.  The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any
certification,   notice  or  other  communication   (including  any  thereof  by
telephone,  telex,  telegram or cable)  believed by it to be genuine and correct
and to have been signed or sent by or on behalf of the proper Person or Persons,
and upon advice and statements of legal  counsel,  independent  accountants  and
other experts  selected by the Agent.  As to any matters not expressly  provided
for by this  Agreement,  the  Agent  shall in all  cases be fully  protected  in

                                       38

<PAGE>

acting, or in refraining from acting,  hereunder in accordance with instructions
signed by the Majority  Lenders,  and such  instructions of the Majority Lenders
and any action taken or failure to act pursuant  thereto shall be binding on all
of the Lenders.

          10.03  Defaults.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have  knowledge  or
notice of the occurrence of a Default  (other than the  non-payment of principal
of or  interest  on Loans or of  facility  fees)  unless the Agent has  received
notice from a Lender or the Company  specifying  such  Default and stating  that
such notice is a "Notice of Default".  In the event that the Agent receives such
a notice of the  occurrence  of a Default,  the Agent shall give  prompt  notice
thereof to the Lenders  (and shall give each Lender  prompt  notice of each such
non-payment). The Agent shall (subject to Section 10.07 hereof) take such action
with respect to Default as shall be directed by the Majority  Lenders,  provided
that, unless and until the Agent shall have received such directions,  the Agent
may (but shall not be  obligated  to) take such  action,  or refrain from taking
such action, with respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable in the best
interest of the Lenders.

          10.04 Rights as a Lender. With respect to its Commitment and the Loans
made by it,  Chase  (and any  successor  acting as Agent) in its  capacity  as a
Lender  hereunder  shall have the same rights and powers  hereunder as any other
Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not acting as the Agent,  and
the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall,  unless the context  otherwise  indicates,
include the Agent in its individual capacity. Chase (and any successor acting as
Agent) and its affiliates may (without having to account therefor to any Lender)
accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking,
trust or  other  business  with the  Company  (and  any of its  Subsidiaries  or
Affiliates) as if it were not acting as the Agent,  and Chase and its affiliates
may  accept  fees and other  consideration  from the  Company  for  services  in
connection with this Agreement or otherwise  without  having-to  account for the
same to the Lenders.

          10.05  Indemnification.  The Lenders  agree to indemnify the Agent (to
the extent not reimbursed  under Section 11.03 hereof,  but without limiting the
obligations of the Company under said Section 11.03) ratably in accordance  with
the  aggregate  amount  of  their  respective  Commitments,   for  any  and  all
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits,
costs,  expenses or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever which may be
imposed on, incurred by or asserted  against the Agent in any way relating to or
arising out of this Agreement or any other documents contemplated by or referred
to  herein  or  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  (including,   without
limitation,  the costs and expenses  which the Company is obligated to pay under
Section  11.03  hereof  but  excluding,  unless a Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing, normal administrative costs and expenses incident to the performance
of its agency duties hereunder) or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or
of any such other documents,  provided that no Lender shall be liable for any of
the  foregoing  to the extent  they arise from the gross  negligence  or willful
misconduct of the party to be indemnified.

                                       39

<PAGE>

          10.06 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender agrees that
it has, independently and without reliance on the Agent or any other Lender, and
based on such documents and information as it has deemed  appropriate,  made its
own credit  analysis of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  and decision to enter
into this Agreement and that it will,  independently  and without  reliance upon
the Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it
shall  deem  appropriate  at the time,  continue  to make its own  analysis  and
decisions in taking or not taking action under this  Agreement.  The Agent shall
not be required to keep itself  informed as to the  performance or observance by
the Company of this Agreement or any other document  referred to or provided for
herein  or to  inspect  the  properties  or books of the  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries.  Except for notices,  reports and other  documents and information
expressly  required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Agent  hereunder,  the
Agent shall not have any duty or  responsibility  to provide any Lender with any
credit or other  information  concerning  the  affairs,  financial  condition or
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their  affiliates)
which may come into the possession of the Agent or any of its affiliates.

          10.07  Failure to Act.  Except for action  expressly  required  of the
Agent  hereunder,  the Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or
refusing to act  hereunder  unless it shall  receive  further  assurances to its
satisfaction from the Lenders of their indemnification obligations under Section
10.05 hereof  against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by
it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.

          10.08 Resignation or Removal of Agent.  Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor Agent as provided  below,  the Agent may resign at any
time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Company,  and the Agent may
be removed at any time with or without cause by the Majority  Lenders.  Upon any
such  resignation  or  removal,  the  Majority  Lenders  shall have the right to
appoint a successor Agent. If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by
the Majority  Lenders and shall have  accepted such  appointment  within 30 days
after the  retiring  Agent's  giving of notice of  resignation  or the  Majority
Lenders'  removal of the retiring Agent,  then the retiring Agent may, on behalf
of the Lenders,  appoint a successor  Agent,  which shall be a bank which has an
office in New York, New York and (unless it is a Lender) a combined  capital and
surplus of at least  $200,000,000.  Upon the  acceptance of any  appointment  as
Agent  hereunder by a successor  Agent,  such  successor  Agent shall  thereupon
succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,  privileges and duties
of the retiring  Agent,  and the  retiring  Agent shall be  discharged  from its
duties and  obligations  hereunder.  After any retiring  Agent's  resignation or
removal  hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 10.08 shall continue
in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken
by it while it was acting as the Agent.

          10.09 Agency Fee. So long as the  Commitments  are in effect and until
payment  in full of the  principal  of and  interest  on the Loans and all other
amounts payable by the Company  hereunder,  the Company will pay to the Agent an
agency fee in an amount  previously  agreed,  payable annually in advance on the
Quarterly Date falling on or nearest to December 1 in each year.  Such fee, once
paid,  shall be  non-refundable.  The  appointment  of a  successor  Agent under
Section  10.08  hereof  shall not  increase or  otherwise  modify the  Company's
obligations under this Section 10.09.

                                       40

<PAGE>

          10.10  Auction Fee. The Company  agrees to pay to the Agent an auction
fee in an  amount  previously  agreed,  payable  on each day  that  the  Company
delivers a Money Market Quote Request.

          Section 11. Miscellaneous.

          11.01  Waiver.  No  failure  on the part of the Agent or any Lender to
exercise and no delay in  exercising,  and no course of dealing with respect to,
any right,  power or privilege under this Agreement or any Note shall operate as
a waiver thereof,  nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,  power
or  privilege  under this  Agreement  or any Note  preclude any other or further
exercise  thereof or the exercise of any other right,  power or  privilege.  The
remedies  provided  herein are  cumulative  and not  exclusive  of any  remedies
provided by law.

          11.02  Notices.  All notices  and other  communications  provided  for
herein  (including,  without  limitation,  any  modifications  of, or waivers or
consents  under,.  this  Agreement)  shall be given or made by telex,  telecopy,
telegraph,  cable or in writing (or, with respect to notices  given  pursuant to
Section 2.03 hereof, by telephone, confirmed in writing by telex by the close of
business on the day the notice is given) and telexed,  telecopied,  telegraphed,
cabled, mailed or delivered (or telephoned,  as the case may be) to the intended
recipient at the "Address for Notices" specified below its name on the signature
pages hereof;  or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated
by such party in a notice to each other party.  Except as otherwise  provided in
this Agreement,  all such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given
when  transmitted  by telex or  telecopier,  delivered to the telegraph or cable
office or personally delivered or, in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt,
in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

          11.03. Expenses, Etc.

          (a) The Company agrees to pay or reimburse each of the Lenders and the
Agent  for  all  reasonable  out-of-pocket  costs  and  expenses  of  the  Agent
(including,  without limitation,  the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to
the Agent),  in  connection  with the  negotiation,  preparation,  execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Notes and the making of the Loans hereunder.

          (b) The Company agrees to pay or reimburse each of the Lenders and the
Agent  for (i) all  reasonable  out-of-pocket  costs and  expenses  of the Agent
(including   reasonable  counsel's  fees)  in  connection  with  any  amendment,
modification or waiver of any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the Notes
and  (ii) all  costs  and  expenses  of the  Lenders  and the  Agent  (including
reasonable  counsel's fees for each Lender and for the Agent) in connection with
any Default and any enforcement or collection proceedings resulting therefrom.

          (c) The Company  agrees to pay all transfer,  stamp,,  documentary  or
other  similar  taxes,  assessments  or charges  levied by any  governmental  or
revenue  authority in respect of this Agreement or any of the Notes or any other
document referred to herein.

                                       41

<PAGE>

          11.04 Amendments,  Etc. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, any provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified only by an
instrument in writing signed by the Company, the Agent and the Majority Lenders,
or by the Company and the Agent acting with the consent of the Majority Lenders,
and any provision of this Agreement may be waived by the Majority  Lenders or by
the Agent  acting with the consent of the  Majority  Lenders;  provided  that no
amendment,  modification or waiver shall,  unless by an instrument signed by all
of the Lenders or by the Agent  acting  with the consent of all of the  Lenders:
(i)  extend  the term,  or  extend  the time or waive  any  requirement  for the
reduction or termination, of, or increase, the Commitments (except to the extent
contemplated by the definition of "Commitment  Termination Date" in Section 1.01
hereof);  (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest
on any Loan or any fees or other  amounts  payable  hereunder;  (iii) reduce the
amount of any  payment of  principal  thereof or the rate at which  interest  is
payable thereon or any fee is payable hereunder; (iv) alter the terms of Section
8.06 or 11.06(a) hereof or of this Section 11.04; or (v) amend the definition of
the term  "Majority  Lenders";  and  provided,  further,  that any  amendment of
Section 10 hereof shall also require the consent of the Agent.

          11.05 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their  respective  successors and
permitted assigns.

          11.06 Assignments and Participations.

          (a) The Company may not assign its rights or obligations  hereunder or
under the Notes without the prior consent of all of the Lenders and the Agent.

          (b) No  Lender  may  assign  any  of  its  Loans,  its  Notes,  or its
Commitment  in whole or in part without the prior consent of the Company and the
Agent  (such  consent of the Agent not to be  unreasonably  withheld);  provided
that,  (i) each  such  assignment  by a Lender  of its  Syndicated  Loans or its
Commitment  shall be made so that the assignee  holds the same pro rata portions
of the Syndicated Loans and the Commitments;  and (ii) each such assignment by a
Lender of its Syndicated Loans and Commitment shall be made concurrently with an
assignment  by it to the same  assignee  of the same  pro  rata  portion  of its
outstanding  "Syndicated Loans" and its "Commitment" under and as defined in the
Other FPC Agreement.  Upon execution and delivery by the assignee to the Company
and the Agent of an instrument in writing pursuant to which such assignee agrees
to  become  a  "Lender"   hereunder  (if  not  already  a  Lender)   having  the
Commitment(s)  and Loans specified in such instrument,  and upon consent thereto
by the Company and the Agent to the extent  required  above,  the assignee shall
have,  to the  extent of such  assignment  (unless  otherwise  provided  in such
assignment  with the consent of the Company  and the  Agent),  the  obligations,
rights and benefits of a Lender hereunder  holding the  Commitment(s)  and Loans
(or  portions  thereof)  assigned to it (in  addition to the  Commitment(s)  and
Loans,  if any,  theretofore  held by such  assignee) and the  assigning  Lender
shall, to the extent of such assignment,  be released from the Commitment(s) (or
portion(s)  thereof) so assigned.  In connection with any assignment pursuant to
this Section  11-06(b),  the Company  agrees to issue  replacement  Notes in the
State of New York,  in the  appropriate  principal  amounts  and  payable to the
appropriate  Lenders,  upon the  request  of any  assigning  Lender or  assignee
Lender.  Upon each such  assignment the assigning  Lender shall pay the Agent an
assignment fee of $3,500.

                                       42

<PAGE>

          (c) A Lender may sell or agree to sell a  participation  in all or any
part of any Loan  held by it or Loans  made or to be made by it. In the event of
such a  participation,  no such  participant  shall have any rights or  benefits
under this Agreement or any Note (the  participant's  rights against such Lender
in respect of such  participation  to be those set forth in the  agreement  (the
"Participation Agreement") executed by such Lender in favor of the participant).
The  granting  of a  participation  by a Lender  hereunder  shall not in any way
release  such  Lender  from any of its  obligations  under this  Agreement.  All
amounts  payable by the Company to any Lender  under  Section 5 hereof  shall be
determined  as if such Lender had not sold or agreed to sell any  participations
in such Loan and as if such Lender were funding all of such Loan in the same way
that it is funding the portion of such Loan in which no participations have been
sold. In no event shall a Lender that sells a participation  be obligated to the
participant under the Participation Agreement to take or refrain from taking any
action  hereunder or under such Lender's Notes except that such Lender may agree
in the  Participation  Agreement  that it will not,  without  the consent of the
participant,  agree to (i) the  extension  of any date fixed for the  payment of
principal of or interest on the related Loan or Loans or any portion of any fees
payable to the  participant,  (ii) the  reduction  of any  payment of  principal
thereof,  or (iii) the reduction of the rate at which either interest is payable
thereon or (if the participant is entitled to any part thereof)  facility fee is
payable hereunder to a level below the rate at which the participant is entitled
to  receive  interest  or  facility  fee (as the case may be) in respect of such
participation.

          (d)  Anything in this Section  11.06 to the contrary  notwithstanding,
any Lender  may assign and pledge all or any  portion of its Loans and its Notes
to any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral  security  pursuant to Regulation A of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any Operating  Circular
issued by such  Federal  Reserve  Bank.  No such  assignment  shall  release the
assigning Lender from its obligations hereunder.

          (e) A Lender may furnish any information  concerning the Company,  the
Parent or any of their respective  Subsidiaries in the possession of such Lender
from time to time to assignees and participants and, with notice to the Company,
to prospective participants and, with the consent of the Company, to prospective
assignees.

          (f) If:

          (i) any Lender makes a demand for payment under Section 5.01 hereof,

          (ii) Loans of any Lender are Converted  into Base Rate Loans  pursuant
     to Section 5.04 hereof, or

                                       43

<PAGE>

          (iii) any Lender does not become a Consenting  Lender (as that term is
     used in the  definition of  "Commitment  Termination  Date" in Section 1.01
     hereof),  does not become a  "Consenting  Lender" under (and as defined in)
     the Other FPC  Agreement  or  either  of the PCH  Agreements,  in each case
     within the required periods set forth in the relevant definitions thereof;

then,  in the case of clause (i) above,  within 60 days after the Company  makes
the payment demanded; in the case of clause (ii) above, within 60 days after the
last of the relevant Conversions; and, in the case of clause (iii) above, at any
time thereafter,  the Company may, so long as no Default shall be continuing and
subject to the consent of the Agent  (which  consent  shall not be  unreasonably
withheld),  demand that such Lender  assign,  pursuant to this Section 11.06 and
documentation  reasonably acceptable to such Lender, all (but not less than all)
of such Lender's Commitment and outstanding Loans hereunder to one or more banks
or financial  institutions  designated by the Company,  for a purchase price not
less than the  principal  amount of such  outstanding  Loans,  accrued  interest
thereon and all other  amounts  payable by the Company to such Lender  hereunder
(including  amounts  payable under Section 5.05 hereof) and under the Notes held
by such Lender,  such  assignment  to take place no later than 30 days after the
Company's demand.

          11.07  Survival.  The  obligations of the Company under Sections 5.01,
5.05  and  11-03  hereof  shall  survive  the  repayment  of the  Loans  and the
termination of the Commitments.

          11.08  Captions.  The  table of  contents  and  captions  and  section
headings  appearing  herein are included solely for convenience of reference and
are  not  intended  to  affect  the  interpretation  of any  provision  of  this
Agreement.

          11.09  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts,  all of which taken  together  shall  constitute  one and the same
instrument  and any of the parties  hereto may execute this Agreement by signing
any such counterpart.

          11.10 Governing Law;  Submission to  Jurisdiction.  This Agreement and
the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the
State of New York. The Company hereby submits to the  nonexclusive  jurisdiction
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and of
any New York state court  sitting in New York City for the purposes of all legal
proceedings  arising out of or relating to this  Agreement  or the  transactions
contemplated  hereby.  The Company  irrevocably  waives,  to the fullest  extent
permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such  proceeding  brought in such a court and any claim that
any such proceeding  brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.

          11.11  Waiver of Jury Trial.  EACH OF THE  COMPANY,  THE AGENT AND THE
LENDERS HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY
AND ALL  RIGHT  TO  TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  LEGAL  PROCEEDING  ARISING  OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

                                       44
<PAGE>













                     [This space intentionally left blank.]


                                       45
<PAGE>



          IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.


                                          FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION



                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Print Name:  Pamela A. Saari
                                          Print Title: Treasurer


                                          Address for Notices:


                                          Post Office Box 14042
                                          St. Petersburg, Florida 33733

                                          Telecopier No.: 727-820-5918

                                          Telephone No.: 727-820-5875

                                          Attention: Mr. Kenneth E. McDonald



          Sworn to and subscribed before me on this 13th day of November,  1998,
in the State of New York, County of New York.



                                          ---------------------------
                                          Notary Public





                                       46
<PAGE>
Commitment
$33,750,000

                                          THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK



                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:

                                          Lending Office for all Loans
                                          (other than Eurodollar Loans):

                                          The Chase Manhattan Bank
                                          270 Park Avenue
                                          New York, New York 10017-2070


                                          Lending Office for Eurodollar Loans:

                                          The Chase Manhattan Bank
                                          Cayman Islands,
                                           British West Indies Branch
                                          c/o The Chase Manhattan Bank
                                          One Chase Manhattan Plaza
                                          New York, New York 10081


                                          Address for Notices:

                                          The Chase Manhattan Bank
                                          Global Power & Environmental Group
                                          270 Park Avenue
                                          New York, New York 10017-2070

                                          Telecopier No.:  212/270-3089

                                          Telephone No.:   212/270-7653

                                          Attention: Mr. Paul V. Farrell



                                       47
<PAGE>
Commitment
$25,000,000

                                          NATIONSBANK, N.A.


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          NationsBank, N.A.
                                          101 North Tryon Street
                                          Charlotte, NC  28255
                                          Attn:  Marcella Graham
                                          Credit Services


                                          Address for Notices:

                                          NationsBank, N.A.
                                          Corporate Center
                                          NC1-007-08-08
                                          100 North Tryon Street
                                          Charlotte, NC 28255

                                          Telecopier No.:   704/386-1270

                                          Telephone No.:    704/386-8394

                                          Attention: Ms. Gretchen P. Burud






                                       48
<PAGE>
Commitment
$25,000,000

                                          FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:

                                          Lending Office for all Loans

                                          First Union National Bank
                                          One First Union Center
                                          301 South College Street
                                          Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0735

                                          Address for Notices:

                                          First Union National Bank
                                          One First Union Center
                                          301 South College Street
                                          Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0735

                                          Telecopier No.:   704/383-6670

                                          Telephone No.:    704/383-8225

                                          Attention: Mr. Michael J. Kolosowsky




                                       49
<PAGE>
Commitment
$23,750,000

                                          SUNTRUST BANK, TAMPA BAY


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          SunTrust Bank, Tampa Bay
                                          300 1st Avenue South
                                          St. Petersburg, Florida 33701


                                          Address for Notices:

                                          SunTrust Bank, Tampa Bay
                                          300 1st Avenue South
                                          St. Petersburg, Florida 33701

                                          Telecopier No.:   813/892-4810

                                          Telephone No.:    813/892-4958

                                          Attention: Ms. Brigitta A. Lawton








                                       50
<PAGE>
Commitment
$23,750,000

                                          THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:



                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          The First National Bank of Chicago
                                          One First National Plaza
                                          Suite 0363
                                          Chicago, Illinois 60670-0363


                                          Address for Notices:

                                          The First National Bank of Chicago
                                          One First National Plaza
                                          Suite 0363
                                          Chicago, Illinois 60670-0363

                                          Telecopier No.:   312/732-3055

                                          Telephone No.:    312/732-9781

                                          Attention: Mr. William N. Banks



                                       51
<PAGE>
Commitment
$18,750,000

                                          REVOLVING COMMITMENT
                                           VEHICLE CORPORATION


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          Revolving Commitment Vehicle
                                           Corporation
                                          500 Stanton Christiana Road
                                          Newark, Delaware 19713

                                          Address for Notices:

                                          Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
                                           of New York
                                          60 Wall Street
                                          New York, New York 10260-0060

                                          Telecopier No.:   212/648-5014

                                          Telephone No.:    212/648-9036

                                          Attention:  Ms. Kathryn Sayko-Yanes







                                       52
<PAGE>
Commitment
$18,750,000

                                          PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          PNC Bank, National Association
                                          One PNC Plaza
                                          3rd Floor
                                          249 - 5th Avenue
                                          Pittsburgh, PA 15222-2707

                                          Address for Notices:

                                          PNC Bank, National Association
                                          One PNC Plaza
                                          3rd Floor
                                          249 - 5th Avenue
                                          Pittsburgh, PA 15222-2707

                                          Telecopier No.:  412/762-2571

                                          Telephone No.:   412/762-2540

                                          Attention:  Mr. Christopher N. Moravec




                                       53
<PAGE>
Commitment
$18,750,000

                                          WACHOVIA BANK, N.A.


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          Wachovia Bank, N.A.
                                          191 Peachtree Street, N.E.
                                          Atlanta, GA 30303-1757

                                          Address for Notices:

                                          Wachovia Bank, N.A.
                                          191 Peachtree Street, N.E.
                                          Atlanta, GA 30303-1757

                                          Telecopier No.:  404/332-5016

                                          Telephone No.:   404/332-5134

                                          Attention: Ms. Tammy F. Hughes





                                       54
<PAGE>
Commitment
$12,500,000

                                          THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Lending Office for all Loans:

                                          The Northern Trust Company
                                          50 South LaSalle Street
                                          Chicago, Illinois 60675

                                          Address for Notices:

                                          The Northern Trust Company
                                          50 South LaSalle Street
                                          Chicago, Illinois 60675

                                          Telecopier No.:  312/630-6062

                                          Telephone No.:   312/444-3455

                                          Attention: Ms. Christina L. Jakuc








                                       55
<PAGE>
                                          THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK
                                          as Agent


                                          By ___________________________________
                                          Print Name:
                                          Print Title:


                                          Address for Notices to Chase as Agent:

                                          The Chase Manhattan Bank
                                          1 Chase Manhattan Plaza - 8th Floor
                                          New York, New York 10081

                                          Telecopier No.:  212/552-7490

                                          Telephone No.:   212/552-7943

                                          Attention: Mr. Muniram Appanna



                                       56
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT A-1


                       [Form of Note for Syndicated Loans]

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE



$_________________                                            ___________, 199__
                                                              New York, New York

     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION,  a Florida corporation (the
"Company"),  hereby  promises  to pay to  (the  "Lender"),  for  account  of its
respective  Applicable  Lending  Offices  provided  for by the Credit  Agreement
referred to below,  at the principal  office of The Chase  Manhattan Bank at 270
Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10017,  the principal sum of  _________________
Dollars (or such lesser  amount as shall equal the  aggregate  unpaid  principal
amount of the  Syndicated  Loans  made by the  Lender to the  Company  under the
Credit  Agreement),  in lawful  money of the  United  States of  America  and in
immediately  available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided
in the Credit  Agreement,  and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of
each such  Syndicated  Loan,  at such office,  in like money and funds,  for the
period commencing on the date of such Syndicated Loan until such Syndicated Loan
shall be paid in full,  at the rates per annum and on the dates  provided in the
Credit Agreement.

     The date, amount,  Type,  interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if
applicable) of each Syndicated Loan made by the Lender to the Company,  and each
payment  made on account of the  principal  thereof,  shall be  recorded  by the
Lender on its books and,  prior to any  transfer  of this Note,  endorsed by the
Lender on the schedule  attached hereto or any  continuation  thereof,  provided
that any failure by the Lender to make any such endorsement shall not affect the
obligations of the Company hereunder.

     This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Third Amended and Restated
Credit  Agreement B (as  modified  and  supplemented  and in effect from time to
time,  the  "Credit  Agreement")  dated as of  November  17,  1998,  between the
Company,  the lenders named therein and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as Agent,  and
evidences the Company's  obligation  to repay the  Syndicated  Loans made by the
Lender thereunder and interest thereon. Capitalized terms used in this Note have
the respective meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.



<PAGE>

     The Credit Agreement  provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this
Note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayments of Loans upon the
terms and conditions specified therein.

     Except as permitted by Section 11.06(b) of the Credit Agreement,  this Note
may not be assigned by the Lender to any other Person.

     This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance  with,  the law
of the State of New York.



                                          FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION



                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Title:




                                      A1-2
<PAGE>



                                SCHEDULE OF LOANS


     This Note Schedule  describes Loans made,  Continued or Converted under the
within-described Credit Agreement to the Company, on the dates, in the principal
amounts,  of the Types,  bearing interest at the rates and maturing on the dates
set forth below,  subject to the payments and prepayments of principal set forth
below:



Date
Made
Cont-    Principal                  Duration  Date and
inued    Amount     Type            of        Amount    Unpaid
or Con-  of         of     Interest Interest  Paid or   Principal   Notation
verted   Loan       Loan   Rate     Period    Prepaid   Amount      Made by
------   ------     ----   ----     -------   -------   ---------   --------




                                      A1-3
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT A-2


                      [Form of Note for Money Market Loans]

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE


                                                              ___________, 199__
                                                              New York, New York

     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION,  a Florida corporation (the
"Company"),  hereby promises to pay to ____________________  (the "Lender"), for
account of its respective  Applicable Lending Offices provided for by the Credit
Agreement referred to below, at the principal office of The Chase Manhattan Bank
at 270 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10017,  the aggregate  unpaid  principal
amount of the Money  Market  Loans made by the Lender to the  Company  under the
Credit  Agreement,  in  lawful  money of the  United  States of  America  and in
immediately  available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided
in the Credit  Agreement,  and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of
each such Money Market Loan,  at such office,  in like money and funds,  for the
period  commencing on the date of such Money Market Loan until such Money Market
Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates  provided in
the Credit Agreement.

     The date,  amount,  Type,  interest  rate and  maturity  date of each Money
Market Loan made by the Lender to the Company,  and each payment made on account
of the  principal  thereof,  shall be  recorded  by the Lender on its books and,
prior to any  transfer  of this Note,  endorsed  by the  Lender on the  schedule
attached hereto or any  continuation  thereof,  provided that any failure by the
Lender to make any such  endorsement  shall not  affect the  obligations  of the
Company hereunder.

     This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Third Amended and Restated
Credit  Agreement B (as  modified  and  supplemented  and in effect from time to
time,  the  "Credit  Agreement")  dated as of  November  17,  1998,  between the
Company,  the  lenders  named  therein  (including  the  Lender)  and The  Chase
Manhattan Bank, as Agent,  and evidences the Company's  obligation-to  repay the
Money  Market  Loans  made  by  the  Lender  thereunder  and  interest  thereon.
Capitalized  terms used in this Note have the  respective  meanings  assigned to
them in the Credit Agreement.

     The Credit Agreement  provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this
Note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayments of Loans upon the
terms and conditions specified therein.

     Except as permitted by Section 11.06(b) of the Credit Agreement,  this Note
may not be assigned by the Lender to any other Person.



<PAGE>

     This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance  with,  the law
of the State of New York.


                                          FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION



                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Title:




                                      A2-2
<PAGE>



                                SCHEDULE OF LOANS



     This Note Schedule describes Loans made under the  within-described  Credit
Agreement to the Company,  on the dates, in the principal amounts, of the Types,
bearing interest at the rates and maturing on the dates set forth below, subject
to the payments and prepayments of principal set forth below:


       Principal                               Date and
Date   Amount      Type             Maturity   Amount    Unpaid
of       of         of    Interest  Date of    Paid or   Principal   Notation
Loan    Loan       Loan     Rate     Loan      Prepaid    Amount     Made by
----   ---------   ----   --------  --------   --------  ---------   --------





                                      A2-3
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT B

                   [Form of Opinion of Counsel to the Parent]


                                       _________________, 199__

To:      the Lenders party to the
         Credit Agreement referred to
         below and The Chase Manhattan
         Bank, as Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     I am Vice President and General Counsel of Florida Power  Corporation  (the
"Company"),  a wholly owned  subsidiary  of Florida  Progress  Corporation  (the
"Parent"),  and am rendering this opinion in connection with Credit  Agreement B
dated as of November 26, 1991 (the "Original  Agreement"),  between the Company,
the lenders named therein and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as Agent, as amended and
restated  by the Third  Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  B dated as of
November  17,  1998 (the  Original  Agreement,  as amended and  restated,  being
hereinafter  referred to as the "Credit  Agreement")  providing  for loans to be
made by said  lenders  to the  Company  in an  aggregate  principal  amount  not
exceeding  $200,000,000.  I have  represented the Company in connection with the
negotiation of the Credit  Agreement.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are
used herein as defined therein.

     In rendering the opinion  expressed below, I have examined the originals or
conformed  copies of such corporate  records,  agreements and instruments of the
Company and the Parent,  certificates of public officials and of officers of the
Company and the Parent,  and such other documents and records,  and such matters
of law, as I have deemed  appropriate  as a basis for the  opinions  hereinafter
expressed.

     Based upon the foregoing, I am of the opinion that:

          1. The Company is a corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly existing
     and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of  Florida  and has the
     necessary  corporate power to make and perform the Credit Agreement and the
     Notes (collectively, the "Credit Documents") and to borrow under the Credit
     Agreement.

          2. The making and  performance by the Company of the Credit  Agreement
     and the borrowings  thereunder-have  been duly  authorized by all necessary
     corporate  action,  and do not and will not violate any provision of law or
     regulation  or any  provision  of its  articles or by-laws or result in the
     breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent under,  or result
     in the creation of any Lien upon any of its properties,  revenues or assets
     pursuant to, any  indenture or other  agreement or  instrument to which the
     Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  is a party or by which the  Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties may be bound.


<PAGE>

          3. The Credit  Agreement  has been duly  executed and delivered by the
     Company and  constitutes,  and the Notes when  executed and  delivered  for
     value will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company,
     enforceable  in  accordance  with their  respective  terms,  except as such
     enforceability   may   be   limited   by   (a)   bankruptcy,    insolvency,
     reorganization,  moratorium or other similar laws of general  applicability
     affecting the  enforcement of creditors'  rights and (b) the application of
     general principles of equity (regardless of whether such  enforceability is
     considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and except that no opinion
     is expressed as to (i) Section 4.07(c) of the Credit  Agreement or (ii) the
     effect of the law of any  jurisdiction  (other  than the State of  Florida)
     wherein any Lender (including any of its Applicable Lending offices) may be
     located which limits rates of interest which may be charged or collected by
     such  Lender.  I express no  opinion  as to (i)  whether a Federal or state
     court  outside of the State of New York would give  effect to the choice of
     New York law provided for in the Credit  Agreement and the Notes,  (ii) the
     second sentence of Section 11.10 of the Credit  Agreement,  insofar as such
     sentence  relates to the subject matter  jurisdiction  of the United States
     District  Court for the  Southern  District of New York to  adjudicate  any
     controversy  related to the Credit Agreement or the Notes, (iii) the waiver
     of  inconvenient  forum set forth in Section 11.10 of the Credit  Agreement
     with respect to  proceedings  in the United States  District  Court for the
     Southern  District  of New  York,  or  (iv)  Section  11.11  of the  Credit
     Agreement.

          4. In connection  with the above, I wish to point out that  provisions
     of the Credit  Agreement that permit the Agent or any Lender to take action
     or  make  determinations,  or  to  benefit  from  indemnities  and  similar
     undertakings  of the  Company,  may be subject to a  requirement  that such
     action  or  inaction  by the  Agent or a Lender  which  may give  rise to a
     request for payment under such an undertaking  be taken or not taken,  on a
     reasonable basis and in good faith.

          5.  Except for the  matters  disclosed  (i) under the  heading  "Legal
     Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K
     for the year ended  December  31, 1997,  and (ii) under the heading  "Legal
     Proceedings" in Part II, Item 1 of the Company's  Quarterly Reports on Form
     10-Q for the  quarters  ended March 31, June 30, and  September  30,  1998,
     there are no legal or arbitral proceedings, and no proceedings by or before
     any  governmental  or  regulatory  authority  or agency,  pending or (to my
     knowledge)  threatened  against  or  affecting  the  Company  or any of the
     Company's  Subsidiaries,  or any properties or rights of the Company or any
     of the Company's Subsidiaries, which, if adversely determined, would have a
     material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition, operations
     or  business  taken  as  a  whole  of  the  Company  and  its  Consolidated
     Subsidiaries.

          6. Other than the approval of the Florida  Public  Service  Commission
     (which approval has been duly obtained and is in full force and effect), no
     authorizations,  consents,  approvals,  licenses,  filings or registrations
     with, any  governmental  or regulatory  authority or agency are required in
     connection  with the  execution,  delivery or performance by the Company of
     the Credit Documents.

                                      B-2

<PAGE>

          7. The Parent is a  "holding  company"  within the  meaning of Section
     2(a)(7) of the 1935 Act and the Parent and the  Company are exempt from all
     of the  requirements  of the 1935 Act other than Section 9(a)(2) thereof by
     virtue of the filing of an exemption  statement on Form U-3A-2 under Rule 2
     under Section 3(a)(1) of the 1935 Act. Such Form U-3A-2 exemption statement
     was completed in compliance  with all applicable  rules and  regulations of
     the Securities and Exchange  Commission under the 1935 Act and was filed on
     June 23, 1998.

          I wish to point out that the exemption  provided by such filing may be
     terminated by the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  pursuant to Rule 6
     under the 1935 Act thirty days after  notification  by the  Securities  and
     Exchange  Commission  by  registered  mail to the Parent that a substantial
     question  of law or fact  exists as to  whether or not the Parent is within
     the exemption  afforded by Rule 2 under Section  3(a)(1) of the 1935 Act or
     any  question  exists as to  whether  or not the  exemption  of the  Parent
     afforded  by Rule 2 under  the 1935 Act may be  detrimental  to the  public
     interest or the interest of investors or consumers.  Such termination would
     be without  prejudice to the right of the Parent to file an application for
     an order granting an exemption  pursuant to any  applicable  section of the
     1935 Act and without prejudice to any temporary  exemption  provided for by
     the 1935 Act if such  application  is filed in good  faith.  As of the date
     hereof, no such  notification has been received by the Parent,  and (except
     for  proceedings   that  may  arise  should  the  Securities  and  Exchange
     Commission adopt proposed Rule 17 under the 1935 Act) I am not aware of any
     facts  or  circumstances  that  would  currently  provide  a basis  for the
     Securities  and Exchange  Commission to initiate  proceedings to revoke the
     exemption  claimed by the Parent under Rule 2 under Section  3(a)(1) of the
     1935 Act.

          8. None of the  Lenders  nor the Agent will  solely as a result of the
     participation  by them and the Parent and the  Company in the  transactions
     contemplated by the Credit Agreement and the Notes be subject to regulation
     by any governmental  authority as an "electric utility company",  a "public
     utility  company,"  a  "holding  company"  or  a  "subsidiary  company"  or
     "affiliate" of any of the foregoing under the 1935 Act.

          I am a member of the bar of the State of  Florida  and I do not herein
     intend to express any opinion as to any matters  governed by any laws other
     than the law of the State of  Florida  and the  Federal  law of the  United
     States of America.

                                          Very truly yours,


                                      B-3
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT C

                      [Form of Money Market Quote Request]


                                          [Date]

To:           The Chase Manhattan Bank,  as Agent

From:         Florida Power Corporation, Inc.

Re:           Money Market Quote Request

Pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Third  Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement B
(the "Credit  Agreement")  dated as of November 17, 1998, as amended or restated
from time to time, between Florida Power Corporation,  the lenders named therein
and The Chase  Manhattan  Bank, as Agent,  we hereby give notice that we request
Money Market Quotes for the following proposed Money Market Borrowing(s):


Borrowing     Quotation                                 Interest
  Date        Date[*l]      Amount[*2]     Type [*3]    Period[*4]
---------     --------      ----------     ---------    ----------


     Terms  used  herein  have  the  meanings  assigned  to them  in the  Credit
Agreement.

                                          FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION



                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Title:




---------------------------
* All numbered footnotes appear on the last page of this Exhibit.

<PAGE>



----------------------

[1]  For use if a Money  Market Rate in a Set Rate  Auction is  requested  to be
     submitted before the Borrowing Date.

[2]  Each amount must be $10,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000.

[3]  Insert  either  "Margin" (in the case of LIBOR Market  Loans) or "Rate" (in
     the case of Set Rate Loans).

[4]  One,  two,  three or six months,  in the case of a LIBOR Market Loan or, in
     the case of a Set Rate Loan, a period of up to 180 days after the making of
     such Set Rate Loan and ending on a Business Day.



                                      C-2
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT D

                          [Form of Money Market Quote]


To:      The chase Manhattan Bank, as Agent

Attention:

Re:      Money Market Quote to
         Florida Power Corporation (the "Borrower")

          This Money Market Quote is given in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of
the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement B (the "Credit Agreement") dated
as of  November  17,  1998,  as amended or restated  from time to time,  between
Florida Power  Corporation,  the lenders  named therein and The Chase  Manhattan
Bank, as Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as defined
therein.

          In response to the Borrower's  invitation dated ___________,  19__, we
hereby make the following Money Market Quote(s) on the following terms:

          1. Quoting Lender:

          2. Person to contact at Quoting Lender:

          3. We hereby  offer to make  Money  Market  Loan(s)  in the  following
     principal  amount(s],  for  the  following  Interest  Period(s)  and at the
     following rate(s):


Borrowing    Quotation                           Interest
  Date       Date[*1]    Amount[*2]   Type[*3]   Period[*4]     Rate[*5]
---------    --------    ----------   --------   ----------     --------


          4. The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Money Market Loans:


-----------------------
* All numbered footnotes appear on the last page of this Exhibit.


<PAGE>



          We understand and agree that the offer(s) set forth above,  subject to
     the  satisfaction  of the  applicable  conditions  set forth in the  Credit
     Agreement,  irrevocably  obligates us to make the Money Market  Loan(s) for
     which any offer(s) (is/are)  accepted,  in whole or in part (subject to the
     third sentence of Section 2.03(e) of the Credit Agreement).

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          [Name of Lender]


                                          By:___________________________________
                                          Authorized officer


Dated:  ______________, ____


[1]  As specified in the related Money Market Quote Request.

[2]  The  principal  amount  bid for each  Interest  Period  may not  exceed the
     principal amount requested.  Bids must be made for at least $5,000,000 or a
     larger multiple of $1,000,000.00.

[3]  Indicate  "Margin"  (in the case of LIBOR  Market  Loans) or "Rate" (in the
     case of Set Rate Loans).

[4]  One,  two,  three or six months,  in the case of a LIBOR Market Loan or, in
     the case of a Set Rate Loan, a period of up to 180 days after the making of
     such Set Rate Loan and  ending  on a  Business  Day,  as  specified  in the
     related Money Market Quote Request.

[5]  For a LIBOR Market Loan,  specify margin over or under the London interbank
     offered  rate  determined  for  the  applicable  Interest  Period.  Specify
     percentage  (rounded to the nearest  1/10,000th of 1%) and specify  whether
     "PLUS" or "MINUS".  For a Set Rate Loan, specify rate of interest per annum
     (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%).




                                      D-2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
