<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh1015.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX10
<TEXT>

                           EXHIBIT 10.15

                 FROZEN FOOD EXPRESS INDUSTRIES, INC.
             2002 INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY OPTION PLAN

                      SCOPE AND PURPOSE OF PLAN
                      -------------------------

     Frozen Food Express Industries, Inc., a Texas corporation (the
"Corporation"), has adopted this 2002 Incentive and Nonstatutory Option Plan
(the "Plan") to provide for the granting of:

     (a)  Incentive Options (hereafter defined) to certain Key
          Employees (hereafter defined) and

     (b)  Nonstatutory Options (hereafter defined) to certain Key
          Employees and other persons.

     The purpose of the Plan is to provide an incentive for Key Employees,
including Key Employees who may be officers and directors of the Corporation,
and certain consultants and advisors of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries
(hereafter defined) to remain in the service of the Corporation or its
Subsidiaries, to extend to them the opportunity to acquire a proprietary
interest in the Corporation so that they will apply their best efforts for the
benefit of the Corporation, and to aid the Corporation in attracting able
persons to enter the service of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS

      1.1 "Award" means the grant of any form of Option, under the Plan,
whether granted singly, in combination, or in tandem, to a Holder pursuant
to the terms, conditions, and limitations that the Committee may establish
in order to fulfill the objectives of the Plan.

      1.2 "Award Agreement" means the written agreement between the
Corporation and a Holder evidencing the terms, conditions, and limitations
of the Award granted to that Holder.

      1.3 "Board of Directors" means the board of directors of the
Corporation.

      1.4 "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a
day on which banking institutions in the State of Texas are authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.

      1.5 "Change in Control" means the event that is deemed to have occurred
if:
           (a) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
           of the Exchange Act) that does not currently own a five percent (5%)
           or greater equity interest in the Corporation or in any Related
           Corporation becomes the "beneficial owner" (as determined pursuant
           to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
           securities of the Corporation or of any Related Corporation
           representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting
           power of the Corporation's or Related Corporation's, as the case may
           be, then outstanding voting securities; or

           (b) a change in the composition of the Board of Directors occurring
           within a two (2) year period, as a result of which members of the
           Incumbent Board cease to constitute at least a majority of the
           Board of Directors; or

           (c) the Corporation or any Related Corporation shall merge with
           or consolidate into any other corporation, other than a merger or
           consolidation which would result in the holders of the Voting
           Securities of the Corporation or any Related Corporation, as the
           case may be, outstanding immediately prior thereto holding
           immediately thereafter securities representing more than sixty
           percent (60%) of the combined voting power of the Voting Securities
           of the Corporation or any Related Corporation, as the case may be,
           or such surviving entity (or its ultimate parent, if applicable)
           outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or

           (d) the stockholders of the Corporation or any Related Corporation
           approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation or any
           Related Corporation or the consummation of an agreement for the
           sale or disposition by the Corporation or any Related Corporation
           of all or substantially all of the Corporation's or Related
           Corporation's assets and such plan or agreement becomes effective,
           other than a liquidation or sale which would result in the
           Corporation directly or indirectly owning such interest or assets.

      1.6  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

      1.7  "Committee" means the committee appointed pursuant to Section 3
by the Board of Directors to administer this Plan.

      1.8  "Corporation" means Frozen Food Express Industries, Inc., a Texas
corporation.

      1.9  "Date of Grant" has the meaning given it in Paragraph 4.3.

      1.10 "Disability" has the meaning given it in Paragraph 7.5.

      1.11 "Effective Date" means the first date that the Plan has been
approved by both the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the
Corporation, as provided in Paragraph 8.1.

      1.12 "Eligible Individual" means (a) a Key Employee or (b) any other
Person that the Committee designates as eligible for an Award (other than for
Incentive Options) because the Person performs bona fide consulting or
advisory services for the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
services in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-
raising transaction) and the Committee determines that the Person has a
direct and significant effect on the financial development of the Corporation
or any of its Subsidiaries.

      1.13 "Employee" means any employee of the Corporation or of any of
its Subsidiaries, including officers and directors of the Corporation who are
also employees of the Corporation or of any of its Subsidiaries.

      1.14 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or any
successor law, as it may be amended from time to time.

      1.15 "Exercise Notice" has the meaning given it in Paragraph 5.5.

      1.16 "Exercise Price" has the meaning given it in Paragraph 5.4.

      1.17 "Fair Market Value" means, for a particular day, the market price
of the Stock, determined by the Committee in good faith on such basis as it
deems appropriate.  Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value
by the Committee shall be based on the prices reported in the Wall Street
Journal.  Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons.

      1.18 "Holder" means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award has been
granted or such Eligible Individual's Permitted Transferee.

      1.19 "Incentive Option" means an incentive stock option as defined under
Section 422 of the Code and regulations thereunder.

      1.20 "Incumbent Board" means the individuals who, as of the Effective
Date, constitute the Board of Directors and any other individual who becomes
a director of the Corporation after that date and whose election or
appointment by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the
Corporation's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board.

      1.21 "Key Employee" means any Employee whom the Committee identifies
as having a direct and significant effect on the performance of the
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries.

      1.22 "Non-Employee Director" has the meaning given it in Rule 16b-3.

      1.23 "Nonstatutory Option" means a stock option that does not satisfy
the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or that is designated at the Date
of Grant or in the applicable Award Agreement to be an option other than an
Incentive Option.

      1.24 "Non-Surviving Event" means an event of Restructure as described
in either subparagraph (b) or (c) of Paragraph 1.32.

      1.25 "Normal Retirement" means the separation of the Holder from
employment with the Corporation and its Subsidiaries on account of retirement
at any time on or after the date on which the Holder reaches age sixty-five.

      1.26 "Option" means either an Incentive Option or a Nonstatutory Option,
 or both.

      1.27 "Outside Director" has the meaning given it under Section 162(m)
of the Code.

      1.28 "Permitted Transferee" means an Eligible Individual's spouse,
children, or grandchildren, a trust established by the Eligible Individual
for the benefit of the Eligible Individual and/or his or her spouse,children,
or grandchildren, a family partnership or limited liability company whose
partners or members are the Eligible Individual, his or her spouse, children,
or grandchildren, and/or a trust that would be a Permitted Transferee, or any
other Person, the transfer to whom has been approved by the Committee in its
sole discretion.

      1.29 "Person" means any person or entity of any nature whatsoever,
specifically including (but not limited to) an individual, a firm, a company,
a corporation, a partnership, or a trust or other entity. A Person, together
with that Person's affiliates and associates (as those terms are defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act for purposes of this definition only), and
any Persons acting as a partnership, limited partnership, joint venture,
association, syndicate or other group (whether or not formally organized), or
otherwise acting jointly or in concert or in a coordinated or consciously
parallel manner (whether or not pursuant to any express agreement), for the
purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of securities of the
Corporation with that Person, shall be deemed a single "Person."

      1.30 "Plan" means the Corporation's 2002 Incentive and Nonstatutory
Option Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

      1.31 "Related Corporation" shall mean FFE, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, and FFE Transportation
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of FFE,Inc.

      1.32 "Restructure" means the occurrence of any one or more of the
following:

           (a) The merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any
           Person, whether effected as a single transaction or a series
           of related transactions, with the Corporation remaining the
           continuing or surviving entity of that merger or consolidation
           and the Stock remaining outstanding and not changed into or
           exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person or
           of the Corporation, cash, or other property;

           (b) The merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any
           Person, whether effected as a single transaction or a series
           of related transactions, with (i) the Corporation not being
           the continuing or surviving entity of that merger or
           consolidation or (ii) the Corporation remaining the continuing
           or surviving entity of that merger or consolidation but all or
           a part of the outstanding shares of Stock of the Corporation
           being changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities
           of any other Person or of the Corporation, or into cash or
           other property; or

           (c) The transfer, directly or indirectly, of all or
           substantially all of the assets of the Corporation (whether by
           sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to any
           Person whether effected as a single transaction or a series of
           related transactions.

      1.33 "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act, or any successor rule, as it may be amended from time to time.

      1.34 "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, or any
successor law, as it may be amended from time to time.

      1.35 "Stock" means the Corporation's authorized common stock, par value
$1.50 per share, as described in the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation
as it exists at the Effective Date, or any other securities that are substi-
tuted for the Stock as provided in Section 6.

      1.36 "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation
or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity
securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that
Person.

      1.37 "Total Shares" has the meaning given it in Paragraph 6.2.

      1.38 "Voting Securities" means any securities that are entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, in the admission of general partners,
or in the selection of any other similar governing body.

SECTION 2. SHARES OF STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

      2.1  Maximum Amount of Shares. Subject to the provisions of Paragraph
2.6 and Section 6 of the Plan, the aggregate number of shares of Stock that
may be issued, transferred or exercised pursuant to Awards under the Plan
shall be 850,000 shares.

      2.2  Reduction in Available Shares. In computing the total number of
shares available at a particular time for Awards under the Plan, there shall
be counted against the limitations stated in Paragraph 2.1 the number of
shares of Stock subject to issuance upon exercise or settlement of Awards
and the number of shares of Stock that have been issued upon exercise or
settlement of Awards (except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 2.3).

      2.3  Restoration of Unused and Surrendered Shares. If Stock subject to
any Award is not issued or transferred, or ceases to be issuable or
transferable for any reason, including (but not exclusively) because an Award
is forfeited, terminated, expires unexercised,or is exchanged for other
Awards, the shares of Stock that were subject to that Award shall no longer
be charged against the number of available shares provided for in Paragraph
2.2 and shall again be available for issue, transfer, or exercise pursuant to
Awards under the Plan to the extent of such forfeiture, termination,
expiration, or other cessation of its  subjection to an Award.

     2.4  Description of Shares. The shares to be delivered under the Plan
shall be made available from (a) authorized but unissued shares of Stock, (b)
Stock held in the treasury of the Corporation, or (c) previously issued shares
of Stock reacquired by the Corporation, including shares purchased on the
open market, in each situation as the Board of Directors or the Committee may
determine from time to time in its sole discretion.

     2.5   Registration and Listing of Shares. From time to time, the Board
of Directors and appropriate officers of the Corporation shall and are
authorized to take whatever actions are necessary to file required documents
with governmental authorities, stock exchanges, and other appropriate Persons
to make shares of Stock available for issuance pursuant to Awards.

     2.6   Reduction in Outstanding Shares of Stock. Nothing in this Section
2 shall impair the right of the Corporation to reduce the number of
outstanding shares of Stock pursuant to repurchases, redemptions, or
otherwise; provided, however, that no reduction in the number of outstanding
shares of Stock shall (a) impair the validity of any outstanding Award, whether
or not that Award is fully exercisable or fully vested or (b) impair the
status of any shares of Stock previously issued pursuant to an Award or
thereafter issued pursuant to a then-outstanding Award as duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable shares.

SECTION 3.ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

     3.1  Committee. The Committee shall administer the Plan with respect
to all Eligible Individuals who are subject to Section 162(m) of the Code.
The Board of Directors may administer the Plan with respect to all other
Eligible Individuals or may delegate all or part of that duty to the
Committee. Except for references in Paragraphs 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3 and unless
the context otherwise requires, references herein to the Committee shall also
refer to the Board of Directors.  The Committee shall be constituted so that,
as long as Stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, each
member of the Committee shall be both a Non-Employee Director and an Outside
Director and so that the Plan in all other applicable respects will qualify
transactions related to the Plan for the exemptions from Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act provided by Rule 16b-3, to the extent exemptions thereunder may
be available, and for the performance-based compensation exception under
Section 162(m) of the Code.  If the Committee is nevertheless not so
constituted, then the Plan shall be administered, and each grant of Options
to Eligible Individuals who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act
shall be approved, by the Board of Directors.  No discretion regarding Awards
to Eligible Individuals who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act
or Section 162(m) of the Code shall be afforded to a person who is not both a
Non-Employee Director and an Outside Director.  The number of persons that
shall constitute the Committee shall be determined from time to time by a
majority of all the members of the Board of Directors, but shall be no less
than two persons.

     3.2  Duration, Removal, Etc. The members of the Committee shall serve
at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, which shall have the power, at any
time and from time to time, to remove members from or add members to the
Committee. Removal of a member from the Committee may be with or without
cause. Any individual serving as a member of the Committee shall have the
right to resign from membership in the Committee by at least three days prior
written notice to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, and not the
remaining members of the Committee, shall have the power and authority to
fill vacancies on the Committee, however caused. The Board of Directors shall
promptly fill any vacancy that causes the number of members of the Committee
to be below two or any other number that Rule 16b-3 or Section 162(m) may
require from time to time.

     3.3  Meetings and Actions of Committee. The Board of Directors shall
designate which of the Committee members shall be the chairman of the
Committee. If the Board of Directors fails to designate a Committee chairman,
the members of the Committee shall elect one of the Committee members as
chairman, who shall act as chairman until he ceases to be a member of the
Committee or until the Board of Directors elects a new chairman. The Committee
shall hold its meetings at those times and places as the chairman of the
Committee may determine. At all meetings of the Committee, a quorum for the
transaction of business shall be required, and a quorum shall be deemed
present if at least a majority of the members of the Committee are present.
At any meeting of the Committee, each member shall have one vote. All
decisions and determinations of the Committee shall be made by the majority
vote or majority decision of all of its members present at a meeting at which
a quorum is present; provided, however, that any decision or determination
reduced to writing and signed by all of the members of the Committee shall be
as fully effective as if it had been made at a meeting that was duly called
and held. The Committee may make any rules and regulations for the conduct of
its business that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, the
Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws of the Corporation, Rule 16b-3 and
the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the Code,
so long as either is applicable, as the Committee may deem advisable.

     3.4  Committee's Powers. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan,
Rule 16b-3 and the performance-based compensation exception under Section
162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall have the authority, in its sole and
absolute discretion, (a) to adopt, amend, and rescind administrative and
interpretive rules and regulations relating to the Plan; (b) to determine
the Eligible Individuals to whom, and the time or times at which, Awards shall
be granted; (c) to determine the number of shares of Stock that shall be the
subject of each Award; (d) to determine the terms and provisions of each Award
Agreement (which need not be identical), including provisions defining or
otherwise relating to (i) the term and the period or periods and extent of
exercisability of the Options, (ii) the extent to which the transferability
of shares of Stock issued or transferred pursuant to any Award is restricted,
(iii) the effect of termination of employment on the Award, and (iv) the
effect of approved leaves of absence (consistent with any applicable
regulations of the Internal Revenue Service); (e) to accelerate, pursuant to
Section 6, the time of exercisability of any Option that has been granted;
(f) to construe the respective Award Agreements and the Plan; (g) to make
determinations of the Fair Market Value of the Stock pursuant to the Plan;
(h) to delegate its duties under the Plan to such agents as it may appoint
from time to time, provided that the Committee may not delegate its duties
with respect to making Awards to Eligible Individuals who are subject to
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or take any action that would disqualify
an award for the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m)
of the Code; and (i) to make all other determinations, perform all other acts,
and exercise all other powers and authority necessary or advisable for
administering the Plan, including the delegation of those ministerial acts and
responsibilities as the Committee deems appropriate. Subject to Rule 16b-3 and
the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the Code,
the Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any
inconsistency in the Plan, in any Award, or in any Award Agreement in the
manner and to the extent it deems necessary or desirable to carry the Plan
into effect, and the Committee shall be the sole and final judge of that
necessity or desirability. The determinations of the Committee on the matters
referred to in this Paragraph 3.4 shall be final and conclusive.

SECTION 4. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

     4.1 Eligible Individuals. Awards may be granted pursuant to the Plan only
to persons who are Eligible Individuals at the time of the grant thereof.

     4.2 Grant of Awards. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan,the
Committee shall determine which Eligible Individuals shall be granted
Awards from time to time. In making grants, the Committee shall take into
consideration the contribution the potential Holder has made or may make
to the success of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries and such other
considerations as the Board of Directors may from time to time specify. The
Committee shall also determine the number of shares subject to each of the
Awards and shall authorize and cause the Corporation to grant Awards in
accordance with those determinations; provided, however, that no Eligible
Individual shall be granted Awards in any single fiscal year of the
Corporation the total number of shares subject to which shall exceed 100,000
shares.

     4.3 Date of Grant. The date on which the Committee completes all
action resolving to offer an Award to an individual, including the
specification of the number of shares of Stock to be subject to the Award,
shall be the date on which the Award covered by an Award Agreement is
granted (the "Date of Grant"), even though certain terms of the Award
Agreement may not be determined at that time and even though the Award
Agreement may not be executed until a later time. In no event shall a Holder
gain any rights in addition to those specified by the Committee in its grant,
regardless of the time that may pass between the grant of the Award and the
actual execution of the Award Agreement by the Corporation and the Holder.

     4.4 Award Agreements. Each Award granted under the Plan shall be
evidenced by an Award Agreement that is executed by the Corporation and the
Eligible Individual to whom the Award is granted incorporating those terms
that the Committee shall deem necessary or desirable. More than one Award may
be granted under the Plan to the same Eligible Individual and be outstanding
concurrently. In the event an Eligible Individual is granted both one or more
Incentive Options and one or more Nonstatutory Options, those grants shall be
evidenced by separate Award Agreements, one for each of the Incentive Option
grants and one for each of the Nonstatutory Option grants.

     4.5 Limitation for Incentive Options. Notwithstanding any provision
contained herein to the contrary, (a) a person shall not be eligible to
receive an Incentive Option unless he is an Employee of the Corporation or a
corporate Subsidiary (but not a partnership Subsidiary), and (b) a person
shall not be eligible to receive an Incentive Option if, immediately before
the time the Option is granted, that person owns (within the meaning of
Sections 422 and 425 of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent of
the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the
Corporation or a Subsidiary. Nevertheless, subparagraph 4.5(b) shall not apply
if, at the time the Incentive Option is granted, the Exercise Price of the
Incentive Option is at least one hundred and ten percent of Fair Market Value
and the Incentive Option is not, by its terms,exercisable after the expiration
of five years from the Date of Grant.

     4.6 No Right to Award. The adoption of the Plan shall not be deemed to
give any person a right to be granted an Award.

SECTION 5.   TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS

	All Options granted under the Plan shall comply with, and the
related Award Agreements shall be deemed to include and be subject to, the
terms and conditions set forth in this Section 5 (to the extent each term
and condition applies to the form of Option) and also to the terms and
conditions set forth in Section 6 and Section 7; provided, however, that the
Committee may authorize an Award Agreement that expressly contains terms and
provisions that differ from the terms and provisions set forth in Paragraphs
6.2, 6.3, and 6.4 and any of the terms and provisions of Section 7 (other
than Paragraph 7.10).

       5.1 Number of Shares. Each Award Agreement shall state the total number
of shares of Stock to which it relates.

       5.2 Vesting. Each Award Agreement shall state the time or periods in
which or the conditions upon satisfaction of which, the right to exercise the
Option or a portion thereof shall vest and the number of shares of Stock for
which the right to exercise the Option shall vest at each such time, period,
or fulfillment of condition.

       5.3 Expiration of Options. Nonstatutory Options and Incentive Options
may be exercised during the term determined by the Committee and set forth in
the Award Agreement; provided that no Option shall be exercised after the
expiration of a period of ten years commencing on the Date of Grant of such
Option.

       5.4 Exercise Price. Each Award Agreement shall state the exercise price
per share of Stock (the "Exercise Price"). The Exercise Price per share of
Stock subject to an Incentive Option shall not be less than the greater of (a)
the par value per share of the Stock or (b) 100% of the Fair Market Value per
share of the Stock on the Date of Grant of the Option. The Exercise Price per
share of Stock subject to a Nonstatutory Option shall not be less than the
greater of (a) the par value per share of the Stock or (b) fifty percent of
the Fair Market Value per share of the Stock on the Date of Grant of the
Option, except that in the case of any Award intended to satisfy the
performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the Code, the
Exercise Price must not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share
of the Stock on the Date of Grant of the Option.

      5.5 Method of Exercise. The Option shall be exercisable only by written
notice of exercise (the "Exercise Notice") delivered to the Corporation during
the term of the Option, which notice shall (a) state the number of shares of
Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, (b) be signed by
the Holder of the Option or, if the Holder is dead or Disabled, by the person
authorized to exercise the Option pursuant to Paragraphs 7.3, 7.5 or 7.7, (c)
be accompanied by the Exercise Price for all shares of Stock for which the
Option is exercised, and (d) include such other information, instruments, and
documents as may be required to satisfy any other condition to exercise
contained in the Award Agreement. The Option shall not be deemed to have been
exercised unless all of the requirements of the preceding provisions of this
Paragraph 5.5 have been satisfied.

      5.6 Incentive Option Exercises. During the Holder's lifetime, only the
Holder may exercise an Incentive Option.

      5.7 Medium and Time of Payment. The Exercise Price of an Option shall be
payable in full upon the exercise of the Option (a) in cash or by an
equivalent means acceptable to the Committee, (b) on the Committee's prior
consent (expressed in the original Award Agreement in the case of any
Incentive Option), by surrendering or attesting to ownership of shares of
Stock owned by the Holder (including shares received upon exercise of the
Option or restricted shares already held by the Holder) and having a Fair
Market Value equal to the aggregate Exercise Price payable in connection with
such exercise, or (c) by any combination of clauses (a) and (b). If the
Committee elects to accept shares of Stock in payment of all or any portion
of the Exercise Price,then (for purposes of payment of the Exercise Price)
those shares of Stock shall be deemed to have a cash value equal to their
aggregate Fair Market Value determined as of the date of the delivery of the
Exercise Notice. If the Committee elects to accept shares of restricted
Stock in payment of all or any portion of the Exercise Price, then an equal
number of shares issued pursuant to the exercise shall be restricted on the
same terms and for the restriction period remaining on the shares used for
payment.

      5.7 Payment with Sale Proceeds. In addition, at the request of the
Holder and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may (but
shall not be required to) approve arrangements with a brokerage firm under
which that brokerage firm, on behalf of the Holder, shall pay to the
Corporation the Exercise Price of the Option being exercised, and the
Corporation shall promptly deliver the exercised shares to the brokerage
firm. To accomplish this transaction, the Holder must deliver to the
Corporation an Exercise Notice containing irrevocable instructions from the
Holder to the Corporation to deliver the stock certificates directly to the
broker. Upon receiving a copy of the Exercise Notice acknowledged by the
Corporation, the broker shall sell that number of shares of Stock or loan the
Holder an amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Price and any withholding
obligations due. The broker shall then deliver to the Corporation that portion
of the sale or loan proceeds necessary to cover the Exercise Price and any
withholding obligations due. The Committee shall not approve any transaction
of this nature if the Committee believes that the transaction would give rise
to the Holder's liability for short-swing profits under Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act.

     5.8 Payment of Taxes. The Committee may, in its discretion, require a
Holder to pay to the Corporation (or the Corporation's Subsidiary if the
Holder is an employee of a Subsidiary of the Corporation), at the time of the
exercise of an Option, the amount that the Committee deems necessary to
satisfy the Corporation's or its Subsidiary's current or future obligation to
withhold federal, state or local income or other taxes that the Holder incurs
by exercising an Option. Upon the exercise of an Option requiring tax
withholding, a Holder may (a) direct the Corporation to withhold from the
shares of Stock to be issued to the Holder the number of shares necessary to
satisfy the Corporation's minimum statutory obligation to withhold taxes, that
determination to be based on the shares' Fair Market Value as of the date on
which tax withholding is to be made; (b) deliver to the Corporation sufficient
shares of Stock (based upon the Fair Market Value at date of withholding) to
satisfy the Corporation's tax withholding obligations, based on the shares'
Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise; or (c) deliver sufficient cash
to the Corporation to satisfy its tax withholding obligations. Holders who
elect to use such a stock withholding feature must make the election at the
time and in the manner that the Committee prescribes. The Committee may, in
its sole discretion, deny any Holder's request to satisfy withholding
obligations through Stock instead of cash.  In the event the Committee
subsequently determines that the aggregate Fair Market Value (as determined
above) of any shares of Stock withheld as payment of any tax withholding
obligation is insufficient to discharge that tax withholding obligation,
then the Holder shall pay to the Corporation, immediately upon the Committee's
request, the amount of that deficiency.

     5.10 Limitation on Aggregate Value of Shares That May Become First
Exercisable During Any Calendar Year Under an Incentive Option. Except as is
otherwise provided in Paragraph 6.2, with respect to any Incentive Option
granted under this Plan, the aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Stock
subject to an Incentive Option and the aggregate Fair Market Value of shares
of Stock or stock of any Subsidiary (or a predecessor of the Corporation or a
Subsidiary) subject to any other incentive stock option (within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Code) of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries (or a
predecessor corporation of any such corporation) that first become purchasable
by a Holder in any calendar year may not (with respect to that Holder) exceed
$100,000, or such other amount as may be prescribed under Section 422 of the
Code or applicable regulations or rulings from time to time. As used in the
previous sentence, Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the date the
Incentive Option is granted. For purposes of this Paragraph 5.10 "predecessor
corporation" means (a) a corporation that was a party to a transaction
described in Section 425(a) of the Code (or which would be so described if a
substitution or assumption under that Section had been effected) with the
Corporation, (b) a corporation which, at the time the new incentive stock
option (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) is granted, is a
Subsidiary of the Corporation or a predecessor corporation of any such
corporations, or (c) a predecessor corporation of any such corporations.
Failure to comply with this provision shall not impair the enforceability or
exercisability of any Option, but shall cause the excess amount of shares to
be reclassified in accordance with the Code.

     5.11 No Fractional Shares. The Corporation shall not in any case be
required to sell, issue, or deliver a fractional share with respect to any
Option. In lieu of the issuance of any fractional share of Stock, the
Corporation shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash equal to the same
fraction (as the fractional Stock) of the Fair Market Value of a share of
Stock determined as of the date of the applicable Exercise Notice.

     5.12 Modification. Extension and Renewal of Options. Subject to the
terms and conditions of and within the limitations of the Plan, Rule 16b-3,
the performance-based compensation exception of Section 162(m) of the Code,
and any consent required by the last sentence of this Paragraph 5.12, the
Committee may (a) modify,vest, extend or renew outstanding Options granted
under the Plan,(b) accept the surrender of Options outstanding hereunder
(to the extent not previously exercised) and authorize the granting of new
Options in substitution for outstanding Options (to the extent not previously
exercised), and (c) amend the terms of an Incentive Option at any time to
include provisions that have the effect of changing the Incentive Option to a
Nonstatutory Option. Nevertheless, without the consent of the Holder, the
Committee may not modify any outstanding Options so as to specify a higher or
lower Exercise Price or accept the surrender of outstanding Incentive Options
and authorize the granting of new Options in substitution therefore specifying
a higher or lower Exercise Price. In addition, no modification of an Option
granted hereunder shall, without the consent of the Holder, alter or impair
any rights or obligations under any Option theretofore granted hereunder to
such Holder under the Plan except, with respect to Incentive Options, as may
be necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or as
permitted in clause (c) of this Paragraph 5.12.

     5.13 Other Agreement Provisions. The Award Agreements authorized under
the Plan shall contain such provisions in addition to those required by the
Plan (including, without limitation, restrictions or the removal of
restrictions upon the exercise of the Option and the retention or transfer
of shares thereby acquired) as the Committee may deem advisable. Each Award
Agreement shall identify the Option evidenced thereby as an Incentive Option
or Nonstatutory Option, as the case may be, and no Award Agreement shall cover
both an Incentive Option and a Nonstatutory Option. Each Award Agreement
relating to an Incentive Option granted hereunder shall contain such
limitations and restrictions upon the exercise of the Incentive Option to
which it relates as shall be necessary for the Incentive Option to which such
Award Agreement relates to constitute an incentive stock option, as defined in
Section 422 of the Code.

SECTION 6.  ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS

     6.1 Adjustment of Awards and Authorized Stock. The terms of an Award and
the number of shares of Stock authorized pursuant to Paragraph 2.1 for
issuance under the Plan shall be subject to adjustment, from time to time,
in accordance with the following provisions:

        (a) If at any time or from time to time, the Corporation shall
        subdivide as a whole (by reclassification, by a Stock split, by the
        issuance of a distribution on Stock payable in Stock or otherwise) the
        number of shares of Stock then outstanding into a greater number of
        shares of Stock, then (i) the maximum number of shares of Stock
        available for the Plan as provided in Paragraph 2.1 shall be increased
        proportionately, and the kind of shares or other securities available
        for the Plan shall be appropriately adjusted, (ii) the number of shares
        of Stock (or other kind of shares or securities) that may be acquired
        under any Award shall be increased proportionately, (iii) the maximum
        number of shares of Stock subject to Options that may be granted to
        any Eligible Individual in any single fiscal year of the Corporation
        shall be increased proportionately, and (iv) the price (including
        Exercise Price) for each share of Stock (or other kind of shares or
        unit of other securities) subject to then outstanding Awards shall be
        reduced proportionately, without changing the aggregate purchase price
        or value as to which outstanding Awards remain exercisable or subject
        to restrictions.

        (b) If at any time or from time to time, the Corporation shall
        consolidate as a whole (by reclassification, reverse Stock split, or
        otherwise) the number of shares of Stock then outstanding into a lesser
        number of shares of Stock, (i) the maximum number of shares of Stock
        available for the Plan as provided in Paragraph 2.1 shall be decreased
        proportionately, and the kind of shares or other securities available
        for the Plan shall be appropriately adjusted, (ii) the number of shares
        of Stock (or other kind of shares or securities) that may be acquired
        under any Award shall be decreased proportionately, (iii) the maximum
        number of shares of Stock subject to Options that may be granted to
        any Eligible Individual in any single fiscal year of the Corporation
        shall be decreased proportionately, and (iv) the price (including
        Exercise Price) for each share of Stock (or other kind of shares or
        unit of other securities) subject to then outstanding Awards shall be
        increased proportionately, without changing the aggregate purchase
        price or value as to which outstanding Awards remain exercisable or
        subject to restrictions.

        (c) Whenever the number of shares of Stock subject to outstanding
        Awards and the price for each share of Stock subject to outstanding
        Awards are required to be adjusted as provided in this Paragraph 6.1,
        the Committee shall promptly prepare a notice setting forth, in
        reasonable detail, the event requiring adjustment, the amount of the
        adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and
        the change in price and the number of shares of Stock, other
        securities, cash or property purchasable subject to each Award after
        giving effect to the adjustments. The Committee shall promptly give
        each Holder such a notice.

        (d) Adjustments under subparagraphs 6.1(a) and (b) shall be made by
        the Committee, and its determination as to what adjustments shall be
        made and the extent thereof shall be final, binding and conclusive.
        No fractional interest shall be issued under the Plan on account of
        any such adjustments.

        6.2 Changes in Control. Any Award Agreement may provide that, upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, all outstanding Options shall
immediately become fully vested and exercisable in full, including that
portion of any Option that pursuant to the terms and provisions of the
applicable Award Agreement had not yet become exercisable (the total number
of shares of Stock as to which an Option is exercisable upon the occurrence
of a Change in Control is referred to herein as the "Total Shares"). If a
Change in Control involves a Restructure or occurs in connection with a series
of related transactions involving a Restructure and if such Restructure is in
the form of a Non-Surviving Event and as a part of such Restructure shares of
stock, other securities, cash or property shall be issuable or deliverable in
exchange for Stock, then the Holder of an Award shall be entitled to purchase
(in lieu of the Total Shares that the Holder would otherwise be entitled to
purchase) the number of shares of stock, other securities, cash or property to
which that number of Total Shares would have been entitled in connection with
such Restructure (and at an aggregate Exercise Price equal to the Exercise
Price that would have been payable if that number of Total Shares had been
purchased on the exercise of the Option immediately before the consummation of
the Restructure).

        6.3 Restructure and No Change in Control. In the event a Restructure
should occur at any time while there is any outstanding Award hereunder and
that Restructure does not occur in connection with a Change in Control or in
connection with a series of related transactions involving a Change in
Control, then:

        (a) no outstanding Option shall immediately become fully vested and
        exercisable in full merely because of the occurrence of the
        Restructure; and

        (b) at the option of the Committee, the Corporation may (but shall not
        be required to) take any one or more of the following actions:

            (i)   accelerate in whole or in part the time of the vesting and
            exercisability of any one or more of the outstanding Options so as
            to provide that those Options shall be exercisable before, upon,
            or after the consummation of the Restructure;

            (ii)  if the Restructure is in the form of a Non-Surviving Event,
            cause the surviving entity to assume in whole or in part any one
            or more of the outstanding Awards upon such terms and provisions
            as the Committee deems desirable; or

            (iii) redeem in whole or in part any one or more of the outstanding
            Awards (whether or not then exercisable) in consideration of a cash
            payment, as such payment may be reduced for tax withholding
            obligations as contemplated in Paragraph 5.9 in an amount equal to
            the excess of (1) the Fair Market Value, determined as of a date
            immediately preceding the consummation of the Restructure, of the
            aggregate number of shares of Stock subject to the Award and as to
            which the Award is being redeemed over (2) the Exercise Price for
            that number of shares of Stock;

     The Corporation shall promptly notify each Holder of any election or
action taken by the Corporation under this Paragraph 6.3. In the event of any
election or action taken by the Corporation pursuant to this Paragraph 6.3
that requires the amendment or cancellation of any Award Agreement, as may
be specified in any notice to the Holder thereof, that Holder shall promptly
deliver that Award Agreement to the Corporation in order for that amendment
or cancellation to be implemented by the Corporation and the Committee. The
failure of the Holder to deliver any such Award Agreement to the Corporation
as provided in the preceding sentence shall not in any manner effect the
validity or enforceability of any action taken by the Corporation and the
Committee under this Paragraph 6.3, including, without limitation, any
redemption of an Award as of the consummation of a Restructure. Any cash
payment to be made by the Corporation pursuant to this Paragraph 6.3 in
connection with the redemption of any outstanding Awards shall be paid to the
Holder thereof currently with the delivery to the Corporation of the Award
Agreement evidencing that Award; provided, however, that any such redemption
shall be effective upon the consummation of the Restructure notwithstanding
that the payment of the redemption price may occur subsequent to the
consummation. If all or any portion of an outstanding Award is to be exercised
or accelerated upon or after the consummation of a Restructure that is in the
form of a Non-Surviving Event and as a part of that Restructure shares of
stock, other securities, cash or property shall be issuable or deliverable in
exchange for Stock, then the Holder of the Award shall thereafter be entitled
to purchase (in lieu of the number of shares of Stock that the Holder would
otherwise be entitled to purchase) the number of shares of stock, other
securities, cash or property to which such number of shares of Stock would
have been entitled in connection with the Restructure (and, for Options, at
an aggregate Exercise Price equal to the Exercise Price that would have been
payable if that number of Total Shares had been purchased on the exercise of
the Option immediately before the consummation of the Restructure).

        6.4 Notice of Change in Control or Restructure. The Corporation shall
attempt to keep all Holders informed with respect to any Change in Control or
Restructure or of any potential Change in Control or Restructure to the same
extent that the Corporation's stockholders are informed by the Corporation of
any such event or potential event.

SECTION 7   ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

        7.1 Termination of Employment. Subject to the last sentence of
Paragraph 6.2, if a Holder is an Eligible Individual because the Holder is an
Employee and if that employment relationship is terminated for any reason
other than the Holder's death or Disability (hereafter defined), then any and
all Awards held by that Holder in the Holder's capacity as an Employee as of
the date of the termination shall become null and void as of the date of the
termination; provided, however, that the portion, if any, of any and all
Awards held by the Holder that are exercisable as of the date the Holder's
employment is terminated shall be exercisable by that Holder for a period of
the lesser of (a) the remainder of the term of the Award or (b) ninety (90)
days following the date of the Holder's termination. Any portion of an Award
not exercised upon the expiration of the periods specified in (a) or (b) shall
be null and void.

        7.2 Other Loss of Eligibility. If a Holder is an Eligible Individual
because the Holder is serving in a capacity other than as an Employee and if
that capacity is terminated for any reason other than the Holder's death,
then any and all Awards held by the Holder that were granted because of that
capacity as of the date of the termination shall become null and void as of
the date of the termination; provided, however, that the portion, if any, of
any and all Awards held by the Holder that are exercisable as of the date of
the Holder ceases to serve in such capacity shall be exercisable by that
Holder for a period of the lesser of (a) the remainder of the term of the
Award or (b) ninety (90) days following the date of the Holder ceases to serve
in such capacity. Any portion of an Award not exercised upon the expiration of
the periods specified in (a) or (b) shall be null and void.

        7.3 Death. Upon (a) the death of a Holder, who is an Eligible
Individual because the Holder is an Employee, during the Holder'employment or
within the ninety (90) days following the Holder's retirement described in
Paragraph 7.4 below, or (b) the death of a Holder who is an Eligible
Individual because the Holder is serving in a capacity other than as an
Employee, then any and all Awards held by the Holder that are not yet
exercisable as of the date of the Holder's death shall become null and void
as of the date of death; provided, however, that the portion, if any, of any
and all Awards held by the Holder that are exercisable as of the date of death
shall be exercisable by that Holder's legal representatives, legatees or
distributees for a period of the lesser of (a) the remainder of the term of
the Award or (b) one year following the date of the Holder's death. Any
portion of an Award not exercised upon the expiration of the periods specified
in (a) or (b) shall be null and void. Except as expressly provided in this
Paragraph 7.3, no Award held by a Holder shall be exercisable after the death
of that Holder.

        7.4 Retirement. If a Holder is an Eligible Individual because the
Holder is an Employee and that employment relationship is terminated by reason
of the Holder's Normal Retirement, then the portion, if any, of any and all
Awards held by the Holder that are not yet exercisable as of the date of that
retirement shall become null and void as of the date of retirement; provided,
however, that the portion, if any, of any and all Awards held by the Holder
that are exercisable as of the date of that retirement shall be exercisable
for a period of the lesser of (a) the remainder of the term of the Award or
(b) 90 days following the date of retirement.

        7.5 Disability. If a Holder is an Eligible Individual because the
Holder is an Employee and if that employment relationship is terminated by
reason of the Holder's Disability, then the portion, if any, of any and all
Awards held by the Holder that are not yet exercisable as of the date of that
termination for Disability shall become null and void as of the date of
termination; provided, however, that the portion, if any, of any and all
Awards held by the Holder that are exercisable as of the date of that
termination shall survive the termination for the lesser of (a) the original
term of the Award or (b) one year following the date of termination, and the
Award shall be exercisable by the Holder, his guardian, or his legal
representative. "Disability" shall have the meaning given it in the employment
agreement of the Holder; provided, however, that if that Holder has no
employment agreement, "Disability" shall mean a physical or mental impairment
of sufficient severity that,in the opinion of the Corporation, either the
Holder is unable to continue performing the duties he performed before such
impairment or the Holder's condition entitles him to disability benefits under
any insurance or employee benefit plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries
and that impairment or condition is cited by the Corporation as the reason for
termination of the Holder's employment.

        7.6 Leave of Absence. With respect to an Award, the Committee may, in
its sole discretion, determine that any Holder who is on leave of absence for
any reason will be considered to still be in the employ of the Corporation,
provided that rights to that Award during a leave of absence will be limited
to the extent to which those rights were earned or vested when the leave of
absence began.

        7.7 Transferability of Awards. Except as otherwise provided in a
particular Award Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by
applicable law, an Award requiring exercise shall be exercisable during a
Holder's lifetime only by that Holder or by that Holder's guardian or legal
representative.  Except as otherwise provided in a particular Award Agreement,
and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, an Award requiring
exercise shall not be transferrable other than by will or the laws of descent
and distribution, except that with the Committee's consent, a Nonstatutory
Option may be transferred by sale, gift or other transfer to a Permitted
Transferee.

        7.8 Forfeiture and Restrictions on Transfer. Each Award Agreement may
contain or otherwise provide for conditions giving rise to the forfeiture of
the Stock acquired pursuant to an Award or otherwise and may also provide for
those restrictions on the transferability of shares of the Stock acquired
pursuant to an Award or otherwise that the Committee in its sole and absolute
discretion may deem proper or advisable. The conditions giving rise to
forfeiture may include, but need not be limited to, the requirement that the
Holder render substantial services to the Corporation or its Subsidiaries for
a specified period of time.The restrictions on transferability may include,
but need not be limited to, options and rights of first refusal in favor of
the Corporation and stockholders of the Corporation other than the Holder of
such shares of Stock who is a party to the particular Award Agreement or a
subsequent holder of the shares of Stock who is bound by that Award Agreement.


        7.9 Delivery of Certificates of Stock. Subject to Paragraph 7.10, the
Corporation shall promptly issue and deliver a certificate representing the
number of shares of Stock as to which an Option has been exercised after the
Corporation receives an Exercise Notice and upon receipt by the Corporation of
the Exercise Price and any tax withholding as may be requested. The value of
the shares of Stock transferable because of an Award under the Plan shall not
bear any interest owing to the passage of time, except as may be otherwise
provided in an Award Agreement. If a Holder is entitled to receive
certificates representing Stock received for more than one form of Award under
the Plan, separate Stock certificates shall be issued with respect to
Incentive Options and Nonstatutory Options.


        7.10 Conditions to Delivery of Stock. Nothing herein or in any Award
granted hereunder or any Award Agreement shall require the Corporation to
issue any shares with respect to any Award if that issuance would, in the
opinion of counsel for the Corporation, constitute a violation of the
Securities Act or any similar or superseding statute or statutes, any other
applicable statute or regulation, or the rules of any applicable securities
exchange or securities association, as then in effect. At the time of any
exercise of an Option, the Corporation may, as a condition precedent to the
exercise of such Option, require from the Holder of the Award (or in the
event of his death, his legal representatives, heirs, legatees, or
distributees) such written representations, if any, concerning the Holder's
intentions with regard to the retention or disposition of the shares of Stock
being acquired pursuant to the Award and such written covenants and agreements,
if any, as to the manner of disposal of such shares as, in the opinion of
counsel to the Corporation, may be necessary to ensure that any disposition by
that Holder (or in the event of the Holder's death, his legal representatives,
heirs, legatees, or distributees), will not involve a violation of the
Securities Act or any similar or superseding statute or statutes, any other
applicable state or federal statute or regulation, or any rule of any
applicable securities exchange or securities association, as then in effect.


         7.11 Securities Act Legend. Certificates for shares of Stock, when
issued, may have the following legend, or statements of other applicable
restrictions, endorsed thereon, and may not be immediately transferable:

         THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT
         BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
         OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
         FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
         OF UNTIL THE HOLDER HEREOF PROVIDES EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO
         THE ISSUER (WHICH, IN THE DISCRETION OF THE ISSUER, MAY
         INCLUDE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER)
         THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE, TRANSFER, OR OTHER DISPOSITION
         WILL NOT VIOLATE APPLICABLE FEDERAL OR STATE LAWS.

         This legend shall not be required for shares of Stock issued pursuant
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act.

         7.12 Legend for Restrictions on Transfer. Each certificate
representing shares issued to a Holder pursuant to an Award granted under the
Plan shall, if such shares are subject to any transfer restriction, including
a right of first refusal, provided for under this Plan or an Award Agreement,
bear a legend that complies with applicable law with respect to the
restrictions on transferability contained in this Paragraph 7.12, such as:

         THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE
         SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY IMPOSED BY THAT
         CERTAIN INSTRUMENT ENTITLED "FROZEN FOOD EXPRESS INDUSTRIES,
         INC. 2002 INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY OPTION PLAN" AS ADOPTED
         BY FROZEN FOOD EXPRESS INDUSTRIES, INC. (THE "CORPORATION")
         ON MAY 8, 2002, AND AN AGREEMENT THEREUNDER BETWEEN THE
         CORPORATION AND (HOLDER) DATED ____________________ 20__, AND
         MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT
         AS THEREIN PROVIDED.  THE CORPORATION WILL FURNISH A COPY OF
         SUCH INSTRUMENT AND AGREEMENT TO THE RECORD HOLDER OF THIS
         CERTIFICATE WITHOUT CHARGE ON REQUEST TO THE CORPORATION AT
         ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS OR REGISTERED OFFICE.

         7.13 Rights as a Stockholder. A Holder shall have no right as a
stockholder with respect to any shares covered by his Award until a
certificate representing those shares is issued in his name. No adjustment
shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash or
other property) or distributions or other rights for which the record date is
before the date that certificate is issued, except as contemplated by
Section 6. Nevertheless, dividends and dividend equivalent rights may be
extended to and made part of any Award denominated in Stock or units of Stock,
subject to such terms, conditions, and restrictions as the Committee may
establish. The Committee may also establish rules and procedures for the
crediting of interest on deferred cash payments and dividend equivalents for
deferred payment denominated in Stock or units of Stock.

         7.14 Furnish Information. Each Holder shall furnish to the
Corporation all information requested by the Corporation to enable it to
comply with any reporting or other requirement imposed upon the Corporation
by or under any applicable statute or regulation.

         7.15 Obligation to Exercise. The granting of an Award hereunder shall
impose no obligation upon the Holder to exercise the same or any part thereof.

         7.16 Remedies. The Corporation shall be entitled to recover from a
Holder reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the enforcement
of the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award Agreement whether by an
action to enforce specific performance or for damages for its breach or
otherwise.

         7.17 Information Confidential. As partial consideration for the
granting of each Award hereunder, the Holder shall agree with the Corporation
that he will keep confidential all information and knowledge that he has
relating to the manner and amount of his participation in the Plan; provided,
however, that such information may be disclosed as required by law and may be
given in confidence to the Holder's spouse, tax and financial advisors, or to
a  financial institution to the extent that such information is necessary to
secure a loan. In the event any breach of this promise comes to the attention
of the Committee, it shall take into consideration that breach in determining
whether to recommend the grant of any future Award to that Holder, as a
factor militating against the advisability of granting any such future Award
to that individual.

         7.18 Consideration. No Option shall be exercisable with respect to a
Holder unless and until the Holder shall have paid cash or property to, or
performed services for, the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries that the
Committee believes is equal to or greater in value than the par value of the
Stock subject to such Award.

SECTION 8. EFFECTIVENESS, DURATION AND AMENDMENT OF PLAN

         8.1 Effectiveness.  The Plan shall not be effective unless and until
it has been approved by both the Board of Directors and the holders of a
majority of the shares of Stock of the Corporation present or represented by
proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting of the stockholders of the
Corporation at which the Plan is presented for stockholder approval. No Awards
may be granted prior to the Effective Date.  2.2 Duration. No Awards may be
granted hereunder after the date that is ten (10) years from the earlier of
(a) the Effective date and (b) the date the Plan is approved by the
stockholders of the Corporation.

         8.2 Amendment and Termination. The Board of Directors may, insofar as
permitted by law, with respect to any shares which, at the time, are not
subject to Awards, suspend or discontinue the Plan or revise or amend it in
any respect whatsoever, and may amend any provision of the Plan or any Award
Agreement to make the Plan or the Award Agreement, or both, comply with
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and the exemptions from that Section in the
regulations thereunder, or the performance-based compensation exception of
Section 162(m) of the Code.  The Board of Directors may also amend, modify,
suspend or terminate the Plan for the purpose of meeting or addressing any
changes in other legal requirements applicable to the Corporation or the Plan
or for any other purpose permitted by law. The Plan may not be amended without
the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Stock then
outstanding to (a) increase materially the aggregate number of shares of
Stock that may be issued under the Plan or the maximum number of shares
subject to Options that may be granted to any Eligible Individual in any single
fiscal year of the Corporation (except for adjustments pursuant to Section 6
of the Plan), (b) increase materially the benefits accruing to Eligible
Individuals under the Plan, or (c) modify materially the requirements about
eligibility for participation in the Plan; provided, however, that such
amendments may be made without the consent of stockholders of the Corporation
if changes occur in law or other legal requirements (including 16b-3) that
would permit otherwise.

SECTION 9.   GENERAL

         9.1  Application of Funds. The proceeds received by the Corporation
from the sale of shares pursuant to Awards may be used for any general
corporate purpose.

         9.2  Right of the Corporation and Subsidiaries to Terminate
Employment. Nothing contained in the Plan, or in any Award Agreement, shall
confer upon any Holder the right to continue in the employ of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary, or interfere in any way with the rights of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary to terminate the Holder's employment at any time.

         9.3 No Liability for Good Faith Determinations. Neither the members
of the Board of Directors nor any member of the Committee shall be liable
for any act, omission, or determination taken or made in good faith with
respect to the Plan or any Award granted under it, and members of the Board
of Directors and the Committee shall be entitled to indemnification and
reimbursement by the Corporation in respect of any claim, loss, damage, or
expense (including attorneys' fees, the costs of settling any suit,provided
such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected by the
Corporation, and amounts paid in satisfaction of a judgment, except a judg-
ment based on a finding of bad faith) arising therefrom to the full extent
permitted by law and under any directors and officers liability or similar
insurance coverage that may from time to time be in effect. This right to
indemnification shall be in addition to, and not a limitation on, any other
indemnification rights any member of the Board of Directors or the Committee
may have.

         9.4 Other Benefits. Participation in the Plan shall not preclude the
Holder from eligibility in any other stock or stock option plan of the
Corporation or any Subsidiary or any old age benefit,insurance, pension,
profit sharing retirement, bonus, or otherextra compensation plans that the
Corporation or any Subsidiary has adopted, or may, at any time, adopt for the
benefit of its Employees. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board of
Directors nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the
Corporation for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the
power of the Board of Directors to adopt such other incentive arrangements as
it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock
options and the awarding of stock and cash otherwise than under the Plan, and
such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in
specific cases.

        9.5 Exclusion From Pension and Profit-Sharing Compensation. By
acceptance of an Award (whether in Stock or cash), as applicable, each Holder
shall be deemed to have agreed that the Award is special incentive
compensation that will not be taken into account in any manner as salary,
compensation or bonus in determining the amount of any payment under any
pension, retirement or other employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any
Subsidiary. In addition, each beneficiary of a deceased Holder shall be
deemed to have agreed that the Award will not affect the amount of any life
insurance coverage, if any, provided by the Corporation or a Subsidiary on
the life of the Holder that is payable to the beneficiary under any life
insurance plan covering employees of the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

       9.6 Execution of Receipts and Releases. Any payment of cash or any
issuance or transfer of shares of Stock to the Holder, or to his legal
representative, heir, legatee, or distributee, in accordance with the
provisions hereof, shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of
all claims of such persons hereunder. The Committee may require any Holder,
legal representative, heir, legatee, or distributee, as a condition precedent
to such payment, to execute a release and receipt thereforE in such form as
it shall determine.

       9.7 Unfunded Plan. Insofar as it provides for Awards of cash and
Stock, the Plan shall be unfunded. Although bookkeeping accounts may be
established with respect to Holders who are entitled to cash, Stock or rights
thereto under the Plan, any such accounts shall be used merely as a
bookkeeping convenience. The Corporation shall not be required to segregate
any assets that may at any time be represented by cash, Stock or rights
thereto, nor shall the Plan be construed as providing for such segregation,
nor shall the Corporation nor the Board of Directors nor the Committee be
deemed to be a trustee of any cash, Stock or rights thereto to be granted
under the Plan. Any liability of the Corporation to any Holder with respect
to a grant of cash, Stock or rights thereto under the Plan shall be based
solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created by the Plan and
any Award Agreement; no such obligation of the Corporation shall be deemed to
be secured by any pledge or other encumbrance on any property of the
Corporation. Neither the Corporation nor the Board of Directors nor the
Committee shall be required to give any security or bond for the performance
of any obligation that may be created by the Plan.

       9.8 No Guarantee of Interests. Neither the Committee nor the
Corporation guarantees the Stock of the Corporation from loss or depreciation.

       9.9 Payment of Expenses. All expenses incident to the administration,
termination, or protection of the Plan, including, but not limited to, legal
and accounting fees, shall be paid by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries;
Provided, however, the Corporation or a Subsidiary may recover any and all
damages, fees, expenses, and costs arising out of any actions taken by the
Corporation to enforce its rights under this Plan.

       9.10 Corporation Records. Records of the Corporation or its
Subsidiaries regarding the Holder's period of employment,termination of
employment and the reason therefor, leaves of absence, re-employment, and
other matters shall be conclusive for all purposes hereunder, unless
determined by the Committee to be incorrect.

       9.11 Information. The Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall, upon
request or as may be specifically required hereunder, furnish or cause to
be furnished, all of the information or documentation which is necessary
or required by the Committee to perform its duties and functions under the
Plan.

       9.12 Corporation Action. Any action required of the Corporation shall
be by resolution of its Board of Directors or by a person authorized to act
by resolution of the Board of Directors.

       9.13 Severability. If any provision of this Plan is held to be
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not
affect the remaining provisions hereof, but such provision shall be fully
severable and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or
invalid provision had never been included herein. If any of the terms or
provisions of this Plan conflict with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 (as
those terms or provisions are applied to Eligible Individuals who are
subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act) or Section 422 of the Code
(with respect to Incentive Options), then those conflicting terms or
provisions shall be deemed inoperative to the extent they so conflict with
the requirements of Rule 16b-3 or Section 422 of the Code. With respect to
Incentive Options, if this Plan does not contain any provision required to
be included herein under Section 422 of the Code, that provision shall be
deemed to be incorporated herein with the same force and effect as if that
provision had been set out at length herein; provided, further, that, to the
extent any Option that is intended to qualify as an Incentive Option cannot
so qualify, that Option (to that extent) shall be deemed a Nonstatutory
Option for all purposes of the Plan.

       9.14 Notices. Whenever any notice is required or permitted hereunder,
such notice must be in writing and personally delivered or sent by mail. Any
notice required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be deemed to be
delivered on the date on which it is personally delivered, or, whether
actually received or not, on the third Business Day after it is deposited in
the United States mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid, addressed
to the person who is to receive it at the address which such person has
theretofore specified by written notice delivered in accordance herewith.
The Corporation or a Holder may change, at any time and from time to time, by
written notice to the other, the address which it or he had previously
specified for receiving notices. Until changed in accordance herewith, the
Corporation and each Holder shall specify as its and his address for receiving
notices the address set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to the shares
to which such notice relates.

      9.15 Waiver of Notice. Any person entitled to notice hereunder may
waive such notice.

      9.16 Successors. The Plan shall be binding upon the Holder, his legal
representatives, heirs, legatees, and distributees, and Permitted Transferees,
upon the Corporation, its successors, and assigns,and upon the Committee, and
its successors.

      9.17 Headings. The titles and headings of Sections and Paragraphs are
included for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in
construction of the provisions hereof.

      9.18 Governing Law. All questions arising with respect to the
provisions of the Plan shall be determined by application of the laws of the
State of Texas except to the extent Texas law is preempted by federal law.
Questions arising with respect to the provisions of an Award Agreement that
are matters of contract law shall be governed by the laws of the state
specified in the Award Agreement, except to the extent Texas corporate law
conflicts with the contract law of such state, in which event Texas corporate
law shall govern. The obligation of the Corporation to sell and deliver Stock
hereunder is subject to applicable laws and to the approval of any
governmental authority required in connection with the authorization,
issuance, sale, or delivery of such Stock.

     9.19 Word Usage. Words used in the masculine shall apply to the feminine
where applicable, and wherever the context of this Plan dictates, the plural
shall be read as the singular and the singular as the plural.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Frozen Food Express Industries, Inc., acting by
and through its officer hereunto duly authorized, has executed this instrument,
this the 8th day of May, 2002.

                                       FROZEN FOOD EXPRESS INDUSTRIES, INC.


                                       /s/ Stoney M. Stubbs, Jr.
                                       -------------------------
                                       President



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
