<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gdw10k2002exhibit10a10e10g.txt
<DESCRIPTION>GDW10K2002 MATERIAL CONTRACTS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 10(a)

                        GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                   AMENDED AND RESTATED 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN
                   (As Amended and Restated February 2, 1996)
                        (As Further Amended May 1, 2001)

                                    ARTICLE I

                                     GENERAL

1.         Purpose.

           This 1996 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") is intended to increase
incentive and to encourage stock ownership on the part of (i) selected key
employees of Golden West Financial Corporation (the "Company") or of other
corporations which are or become subsidiaries of the Company, and (ii) certain
consultants, advisory board members, and other independent contractors who
provide services to the Company or its subsidiaries, but who are neither
employees of the Company or its subsidiaries nor directors of the Company
("consultants"). It is also the purpose of the Plan to provide such employees
and consultants with a proprietary interest, or to increase their proprietary
interest, in the Company and its subsidiaries, and to encourage them to remain
in the employ of and/or to increase their efforts on behalf of the Company or
its subsidiaries. It is intended that certain options granted pursuant to the
Plan shall constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") ("incentive stock
options"), and that certain other options granted pursuant to the Plan shall not
constitute incentive stock options ("nonqualified stock options"). Prior to
February 2, 1996, the Plan was known as the 1987 Stock Option Plan.

2.         Administration.

           The Plan shall be administered by the Stock Option Committee (the
"Committee") of the Board of Directors of Golden West Financial Corporation (the
"Board"). The Committee shall from time to time at its discretion make
determinations with respect to the persons to whom options shall be granted and
the amount of such options. The Committee shall consist of not fewer than two
members of the Board. The Committee shall be comprised solely of Directors who
both are (i) "outside directors" under section 162(m) of the Code and (ii)
"disinterested persons" under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Rule 16b-3").

           The Committee may delegate to the CEO of the Company or such other
Board member or members as the Committee may specify from time to time the
authority to grant options under the Plan, provided (a) the grants made to any
one person pursuant to the delegated authority of this paragraph shall not
exceed 5,000 options to that person in a calendar year; (b) the grants made
pursuant to this paragraph are to persons who are not employees of the Company
or, if they are employees, are below the level of Group Senior Vice President;
and (c) grants shall not be made pursuant to this paragraph to individuals who
(i) are subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or (ii)
are subject to the limitation on deductible compensation found in Section 162(m)
of the Code. The Committee shall receive a periodic summary of the grants made
pursuant to this paragraph and may revoke at any time the delegated authority
hereunder.

           The interpretation and construction by the Committee of any
provisions of the Plan or of any option granted under it shall be final. No
member of the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination made in
good faith with respect to the Plan or any option granted under it.

3.         Eligibility.

           Subject to Section 2 of this Article I, the persons who shall be
eligible to receive options under the Plan shall be such persons selected by the
Committee from among the officers, key employees (including directors who are
also salaried employees of the Company) and consultants of the Company, as may
be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any
contrary provision of the Plan, consultants shall not be eligible to receive
incentive stock options.

           Except where the context otherwise requires, the term "Company," as
used herein, shall include (i) Golden West Financial Corporation and (ii) [any
corporation or any other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and
joint ventures) controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Golden
West Financial Corporation (each a "subsidiary corporation")], and the terms
"officers, key employees and consultants of the Company," and words of similar
import, shall include officers, key employees and consultants of each such
subsidiary corporation, as well as officers, key employees and consultants of
Golden West Financial Corporation.

4.         Shares of Stock Subject to the Plan.

           The shares that may be issued under the Plan shall be authorized and
unissued or reacquired shares of the Company's common stock (the "Common
Stock"). The aggregate number of shares, which may be issued under the Plan,
shall not exceed 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock, unless an adjustment is
required in accordance with Article III.

           If an option expires or is cancelled for any reason without having
been fully exercised or vested, the number of shares subject to such option,
which were not purchased or did not vest prior to such expiration or
cancellation may again be made subject to an option granted hereunder (to the
same person or to a different person).

5.         Amendment of the Plan.

           The Board, in its sole discretion, may amend or terminate the Plan,
or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason. However, if and to the
extent required to maintain the Plan's qualification under Rule 16b-3, any such
amendment shall be subject to stockholder approval. The amendment or termination
of the Plan shall not, without the consent of the option holder, alter or impair
any rights or obligations under any option theretofore granted to such
individual.

6.         Term of Plan.

           The Plan, as amended and restated herein, shall remain in effect
until amended or terminated by the Board in accordance with Section 5 of Article
I. However, without further stockholder approval, no option, which is intended
to be an incentive stock option, may be granted under the Plan after February 1,
2006.

7.         Restrictions.

           All options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the
requirement that, if at any time the Committee shall determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares
subject to options granted under the Plan upon any securities exchange or under
any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any government
regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection
with, the granting of such options or the issuance, if any, or purchase of
shares in connection therewith, such options may not be exercised in whole or in
part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall
have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the
Committee.

8.         Nonassignability.

           No option shall be assignable or transferable by the optionee except
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the
optionee, the option shall be exercisable only by such optionee, and no other
person shall acquire any rights therein.

9.         Withholding Taxes.

           Whenever shares of Common Stock are to be issued under the Plan, the
Company shall have the right to require the optionee to remit to the Company an
amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local withholding tax
requirements prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates for such
shares.

10.        Definition of "Fair Market Value."

           For the purposes of this Plan, the term "Fair Market Value," when
used in reference to the date of grant of an option or the date of surrender of
Common Stock in payment for the purchase of shares pursuant to the exercise of
an option, as the case may be, shall mean the closing sale price of the Common
Stock quoted on the Composite Tape for New York Stock Exchange--Listed Stocks,
as published in "The Wall Street Journal," or if no sale price was quoted on
such date, then as of the next preceding date on which such a sale price was
quoted. If the Common Stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Fair
Market Value shall mean the mean between the highest and lowest sale prices on
the principal United States securities exchange registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 on which such stock is listed, as published in "The Wall
Street Journal" and determined by the Committee, or, if such stock is not listed
on any such securities exchange, the mean between the highest and lowest sale
prices or bid quotations with respect to a share of such stock on the date such
option is granted on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
Automated Quotations System or any successor system or, if no such sale prices
or quotations are available, the Fair Market Value on the date in question of a
share of such stock as determined in good faith by the Committee.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                  STOCK OPTIONS

1.         Award of Stock Options.

           Awards of stock options may be made under the Plan under all the
terms and conditions contained herein. However, the aggregate Fair Market Value
(determined as of the date of grant) of the stock with respect to which
incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by such officer or
key employee during any calendar year (under all incentive stock option plans of
the Company and its parent and subsidiary corporations) shall not exceed
$100,000. The nature of options under the foregoing sentence shall be determined
by taking options into account in the order in which they were granted. In no
event shall an option constitute an incentive stock option if, at the time such
option is granted, the terms of the option provide that it shall not constitute
an incentive stock option. The date on which any option is granted shall be the
date of the Committee's authorization of such grant or such later date as may be
determined by the Committee at the time such grant is authorized.

2.         Term of Options and Effect of Termination.

           Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no option granted
under the Plan shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from
the date of its grant. In addition, notwithstanding any other provision of the
Plan, no incentive stock option granted under the Plan to a person who, at the
time such option is granted and in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code,
owns stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of the Company shall be exercisable after the expiration of
five (5) years from the date of its grant.

3.         Terms and Conditions of Options.

           Options granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by agreements
in such form as the Committee shall from time to time determine, which
agreements shall contain such terms and conditions as determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion and which also shall comply with the following
terms and conditions.

           (A) Optionee's Agreement.

           Each optionee shall agree to remain in the employ of and/or to render
to the Company his or her services for a period of two (2) years from the date
of the option, but such agreement shall not impose upon the Company any
obligation to retain the optionee in its employee and/or service for any period.

           (B) Number of Shares and Type of Option.

           Each option agreement shall state the number of shares to which the
option pertains and whether the option is intended to be an incentive stock
option or a nonqualified stock option. During any calendar year, no individual
shall be granted options covering more than 300,000 shares. An option, which is
intended to be an incentive stock option, may be granted only to an individual
who on the grant date is an employee of Golden West Financial Corporation or of
a corporation, which constitutes a subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of
Section 424(f) of the Code) of Golden West Financial Corporation.

           (C) Option Price.

           Each option agreement shall state the option price per share (or the
method by which such price shall be computed). The option price per share shall
not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on
the date such option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the option price
per share of an incentive stock option granted to a person who, on the date of
such grant and in accordance with Section 424(d) of the Code, owns stock
possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock of the Company shall be not less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a
share of the Common Stock on the date that the option is granted.

           (D) Medium and Time of Payment.

           The option price shall be payable upon the exercise of an option in
the legal tender of the United States or, in the discretion of the Committee,
(i) by tendering previously acquired shares having an aggregate Fair Market
Value at the time of exercise equal to the total option price, or (ii) by any
other means which the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines to both
provide legal consideration for the shares, and to be consistent with the
purposes of the Plan. Upon receipt of payment, the Company shall deliver to the
optionee (or the person entitled to exercise the option) a certificate or
certificates for the shares of Common Stock to which the option pertains.

           (E) Exercise of Options.

           Each option shall state the time or times when it becomes
exercisable, which shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee may, in
its discretion, waive any vesting provisions contained in an option agreement.

           To the extent that an option has become vested (except as provided in
Article III), and subject to the foregoing restrictions, it may be exercised in
whole or in such lesser amount as may be authorized by the option agreement;
provided, however, that no partial exercise of an option shall be for fewer than
fifty (50) shares of Common Stock. If exercised in part, the unexercised portion
of an option shall continue to be held by the optionee and May thereafter be
exercised as herein provided.

           (F) Termination and Transfer of Options.

           In connection with the grant of any option under the Plan, the
Committee may provide in the option agreement for the termination of all or any
portion of an option under certain circumstances, including, without limitation,
termination of the recipient's employment or service as a result of resignation,
retirement, disability or death, or for cause, and may distinguish among various
causes of termination as the Committee deems appropriate. In addition, the
Committee may provide, through an option agreement or otherwise, that in the
event an optionee's employment (or other service for the Company) is terminated,
(i) such optionee's options may be exercised (by the optionee or, if
appropriate, his or her beneficiary or personal representative) for specified
periods thereafter within the option period, or (ii) to the extent not fully
exercisable or otherwise vested on the termination date, such optionee's options
may continue to become exercisable within the option period.

                                   ARTICLE III

                      RECAPITALIZATION AND REORGANIZATIONS

           The number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Plan, and the
number of shares and price per share of each outstanding option shall be
proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock resulting from a subdivision or
consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, or any other
increase or decrease in the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.

           If the Company shall be the surviving corporation in any merger or
consolidation, each outstanding option shall pertain to and apply to the
securities to which a holder of the same number of shares of Common Stock that
are subject to that option would have been entitled. A dissolution or
liquidation of the Company or a merger or consolidation in which the Company is
not the surviving corporation (a "Terminating Transaction") shall cause each
outstanding option to terminate, unless the agreement of merger or consolidation
shall otherwise provide; provided, however, that each optionee in the event of a
Terminating Transaction which will cause his or her option to terminate shall
have the right immediately prior to such Terminating Transaction to exercise
such option in whole or in part, subject to every limitation on the
exercisability of such option, other than any vesting provisions not required by
the Code.

           To the extent that the foregoing adjustments relate to stock or
securities of the Company, such adjustments shall be made by the Committee,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive.

           The grant of an option pursuant to the Plan shall not affect in any
way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications,
reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structure or to merge or
to consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or any part of
its business or assets.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

1.   Rights as a Stockholder.

     An optionee or a transferee of an option shall have no rights as a
     stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares covered by an option
     until the date of the receipt of payment (including any amounts required by
     the Company pursuant to Section 9 of Article I) by the Company. No
     adjustment shall be made as to any option for dividends (ordinary or
     extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or
     distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to such
     date, except as provided in Article III.

2.   Other Provisions.

     The option agreements authorized under the Plan shall contain such other
     provisions, including, without limitation, restrictions upon the exercise
     of the option or restrictions required by any applicable securities laws,
     as the Committee shall deem advisable.

3.   Application of Funds.

     The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Common Stock pursuant
     to the exercise of options will be used for general corporate purposes.

4.   No Obligation to Exercise Option.

     The granting of an option shall impose no obligation upon the optionee or
     a transferee of the option to exercise such option.



<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 10(e)

                        SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
                                     Between
                        GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       And
                                 Michael Roster
                                   (Employee)

           THIS AGREEMENT is effective as of February 15, 2000, by and between
Golden West Financial Corporation, a California corporation, on behalf of itself
and its subsidiary corporations ("Golden West"), and the above-named Employee.
                                                         W I T N E S S E T H:
           WHEREAS, Employee is employed by Golden West or one of its
subsidiaries, and
           WHEREAS, Golden West recognizes that Employee is a valuable
management employee and Golden West desires to reward and retain the services of
Employee:
           NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

           1.  Supplemental Retirement

               For purposes hereof the "Principal Sum" is the amount so
described and set forth in Schedule A hereto. Subject to the provisions of
paragraph 3 below, Golden West agrees to pay to Employee or Employee's named
beneficiary or estate, in installments as hereafter set forth, an amount equal
to that percentage of the Principal Sum (if any) as is set forth on Schedule A
after the date upon which Employee's employment with Golden West and all of its
subsidiaries terminates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the
provisions of paragraph 3 below, if Employee's employment is terminated at any
time after the date hereof and prior to full vesting as set forth in Schedule A
by reason of his death, then Golden West agrees to pay to Employee's named
beneficiary or his estate, in installments as hereafter set forth and in lieu of
the amount determined pursuant to the preceding sentence, the full Principal
Sum.
           2.  Time of Payments

               Subject to the  provisions  of paragraph 3 below,  the amount
provided for in paragraph 1 hereof shall be paid without interest in 240 equal,
consecutive, semi-monthly installments over a ten-year period, commencing
on the Commencement Date. The Commencement Date shall be the first day of the
month following the death of Employee or the date upon which Employee reaches
age 65, whichever is earlier.

           3.  Cashouts of Small Sums

               If the lump sum present value of the amount that remains to be
paid as of the date of Employee's termination of employment with Golden West and
all of its subsidiaries is less than or equal to $3,500, then in lieu of any
payments that would otherwise subsequently be due under paragraphs 1 and 2
above, Golden West shall make a single lump sum cash payment to Employee (or
Employee's beneficiary or estate, if Employee has died between date of
termination of employment with Golden West and date of lump sum payment) of an
amount equal to the present value (determined as of the date of Employee's
termination of employment) of the 240 payments the employee would have otherwise
received starting at age 65. For purposes of computing the present value of the
future payments, Golden West shall use as a discount rate, the yield (determined
at the date of employee's termination of employment) on the U.S. Treasury
Security with a maturity date closest to the mid-point of the ten year term
during which the employee would have received the 240 payments. Such lump sum
payment shall be made as soon as practicable after Employee's termination of
employment.

           4.  Recipient of Payments

               Payments provided to be made hereunder shall be made to Employee
so long as he shall be living, and thereafter to such beneficiary as Employee
may designate in a writing filed with Golden West, and if no beneficiary has
been so designated by Employee, or if the beneficiary so designated is deceased
at the time payment is due and no successor beneficiary has been so designated
who is then surviving, then to Employee's estate.

           5.  Life Insurance

               Golden West in its discretion may apply for and procure as owner
and for its own benefit insurance on the life of Employee, in such amounts and
in such forms as Golden West may determine. Employee shall have no direct or
indirect interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies, but at the request
of Golden West Employee shall submit to medical examination and supply such
information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance
company or companies to which Golden West applies for insurance. The rights of
Employee, or his beneficiary, or estate, to benefits under this Agreement shall
be solely those of an unsecured creditor of Golden West. Any insurance policy or
other assets held by Golden West or any of its subsidiaries in connection with
the liabilities assumed pursuant to this Agreement shall not be deemed to be
held under any trust for the benefit of Employee, or his beneficiary, or his
estate, or to be security for the performance of the obligations of Golden West
but shall be, and remain, general, unpledged, and unrestricted assets of Golden
West.

           6.  Nonalienability of Benefits

               No portion of the benefits payable hereunder shall be subject in
any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, or charge.

           7.  State of Agreements

               The benefits payable hereunder shall be independent of, and in
addition to, any compensation or other benefit payable under any other agreement
or plan relating to Employee's employment that may exist from time to time.
Nothing contained herein shall restrict the right of Golden West or any of its
subsidiaries to discharge Employee, or restrict the right of Employee to
terminate his employment.

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                               GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                               By /s/ Carl M. Andersen
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Carl M. Andersen
                                               Group Senior Vice President


                                               Employee
                                               /s/ Michael Roster
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Michael Roster



<PAGE>


                                  SCHEDULE "A"
                                       To
                        SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT


EMPLOYEE:                                  Michael Roster

PRINCIPAL SUM:                             $2,000,000

FULL VESTING PERIOD:                       10 Years Commencing February 15, 2000


Vesting                            Percentage: If the Employee's employment with
                                   Golden West Financial Corporation and all of
                                   its subsidiaries terminates before the full
                                   vesting period is completed, partial vesting
                                   of the principal sum will be as follows:


                                   6.66 %  per year for years  1 - 5

                                   13.33 %  per year for years  6 - 10


The vesting percentages set forth above shall be prorated for any partial year
of employment with Golden West or any of its subsidiaries prior to the
completion of the full vesting period.




<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 10(g)

                        SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
                                     Between
                        GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       And
                                 (Employee Name)
                                   (Employee)

           THIS AGREEMENT is effective as of ________ __, 200__, by and between
Golden West Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself
and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Golden West"), and the above-named
Employee.
                              W I T N E S S E T H:
           WHEREAS, Employee is employed by Golden West; and
           WHEREAS, Golden West recognizes that Employee is a valuable
management employee and Golden West desires to reward and retain the services of
Employee.
           NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
           1.  Supplemental Retirement
               For purposes hereof, the "Principal Sum" is the amount so
described and set forth in Schedule A hereto. Subject to the provisions of
paragraph 3 below, Golden West agrees to pay to Employee or Employee's named
beneficiary or estate, in installments as hereafter set forth, an amount equal
to that percentage of the Principal Sum (if any) as is set forth on Schedule A
as of the first date upon which (a) Employee's employment with Golden West
terminates, or (b) Employee ceases to work full-time (as defined from time to
time by company policy) for Golden West. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but
subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 below, if Employee's employment is
terminated at any time after the date hereof and prior to full vesting as set
forth in Schedule A by reason of his or her death, then Golden West agrees to
pay to Employee's named beneficiary or his or her estate, in installments as
hereafter set forth and in lieu of the amount determined pursuant to the
preceding sentence, the full Principal Sum.
           2.  Time of Payments
               Subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 below, the amount
provided for in paragraph 1 hereof shall be paid without interest in 240 equal,
consecutive, semi-monthly installments over a ten-year period, commencing on the
Commencement Date. The Commencement Date shall be the first day of the month
following the death of Employee or the date upon which Employee reaches age 65,
whichever is earlier.
           3.  Cashouts of Small Sums
               If the lump sum present value of the amount that remains to be
paid as of the date of Employee's termination of employment with Golden West is
less than or equal to $3,500, then in lieu of any payments that would otherwise
subsequently be due under paragraphs 1 and 2 above, Golden West shall make a
single lump sum cash payment to Employee (or Employee's beneficiary or estate,
if Employee has died between date of termination of employment with Golden West
and date of lump sum payment) of an amount equal to the present value
(determined as of the date of Employee's termination of employment) of the 240
payments the employee would have otherwise received starting at age 65. For
purposes of computing the present value of the future payments, Golden West
shall use as a discount rate, the yield (determined at the date of employee's
termination of employment) on the U.S. Treasury Security with a maturity date
closest to the mid-point of the ten-year term during which the employee would
have received the 240 payments. Such lump sum payment shall be made as soon as
practicable after Employee's termination of employment.
           4.  Recipient of Payments
               Payments provided to be made hereunder shall be made to Employee
so long as he or she shall be living, and thereafter to such beneficiary as
Employee may designate in a writing filed with Golden West, and if no
beneficiary has been so designated by Employee, or if the beneficiary so
designated is deceased at the time payment is due and no successor beneficiary
has been so designated who is then surviving, then to Employee's estate.
           5.  Life Insurance
               Golden West in its discretion may apply for and procure as owner
and for its own benefit insurance on the life of Employee, in such amounts and
in such forms as Golden West may determine. Employee shall have no direct or
indirect interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies, but at the request
of Golden West, Employee shall submit to medical examination and supply such
information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance
company or companies to which Golden West applies for insurance. The rights of
Employee, or his or her beneficiary, or estate, to benefits under this Agreement
shall be solely those of an unsecured creditor of Golden West. Any insurance
policy or other assets held by Golden West in connection with the liabilities
assumed pursuant to this Agreement shall not be deemed to be held under any
trust for the benefit of Employee, or his or her beneficiary, or his or her
estate, or to be security for the performance of the obligations of Golden West
but shall be, and remain, general, unpledged, and unrestricted assets of Golden
West.
           6.  Nonalienability of Benefits
               No portion of the benefits payable hereunder shall be subject in
any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, or charge.
           7.  State of Agreements
               The benefits payable hereunder shall be independent of, and in
addition to, any compensation or other benefit payable under any other agreement
or plan relating to Employee's employment that may exist from time to time.
Nothing contained herein shall restrict the right of Golden West to discharge
Employee, or restrict the right of Employee to terminate his or her employment.

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                               GOLDEN WEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                               By
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Carl M. Andersen
                                               Group Senior Vice President


                                               Employee

                                               ---------------------------------
                                               (Employee Name)





<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A
                                       To
                        SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT


EMPLOYEE:                              (Employee Name)

PRINCIPAL SUM:                         $__________

FULL VESTING PERIOD:                   __ Years Commencing ___________ __, 200__


Vesting Percentages:               The Principal Sum vests as follows:

                                   ____% per year for year 1

                                   ____% per year for years  2 - __

                                   ____% per year for years  __ - __

The vesting percentages set forth above shall be prorated for any partial year
prior to the completion of the full vesting period.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
