<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.55
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>p67447exv10w55.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.55
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.55

                              SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

          THIS AGREEMENT, dated December ___, 1999, is made by and between
Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the
"Company"), and Theodore Darnall (the "Executive").

          WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company as President, North
American Hotel Operations; and

          WHEREAS, the Company considers it essential to the best interests of
its stockholders to foster the continued employment of key management
personnel; and

          WHEREAS, the Board recognizes that, as is the case with many publicly
held corporations, the possibility of a Change in Control exists and that such
possibility, and the uncertainty and questions which it may raise among
management, may result in the departure or distraction of senior management
personnel to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders; and

          WHEREAS, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be
taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of
members of the Company's senior management, including the Executive, to their
assigned duties without distraction in the face of potentially disturbing
circumstances arising from the possibility of a Change in Control.

          NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

     1.   Defined Terms.  The definitions of capitalized terms used in this
Agreement are provided in the last Section hereof.

     2.   Term of Agreement.  The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the
Effective Date and shall continue in effect through the third anniversary of
the Effective Date; provided, however, that on each anniversary of the
Effective Date during the Term of this Agreement, the Term shall automatically
be extended for one additional year unless, not later than 90 days prior to any
such anniversary, the Company or the Executive shall have given notice not to
extend the Term; and further provided, however, that if a Change in Control or
a Potential Change in Control shall have occurred during the Term, the Term
shall expire no earlier than twenty-four (24) months beyond the month in which
such Change in Control or a Potential Change in Control occurred.
<PAGE>
     3.   Company's Covenants Summarized. In order to induce the Executive
to remain in the employ of the Company and in consideration of the Executive's
covenants set forth in Section 4 hereof, the Company agrees, under the
conditions described herein, to pay the Executive the Severance Payments and
the other payments and benefits described herein. Except as provided in Section
10 hereof, no Severance Payments shall be payable under this Agreement unless
during the Term there shall have been (or, under the terms of the second
sentence of Section 6 hereof, there shall be deemed to have been) a termination
of the Executive's employment with the Company following a Change in Control.
This Agreement shall not be construed as creating an express or implied
contract of employment and, except as otherwise agreed in writing between the
Executive and the Company, the Executive shall not have any right to be
retained in the employ of the Company.

     4.   The Executive's Covenants.  The Executive agrees that, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, in the event a Potential Change in
Control occurs during the Term, the Executive will remain in the employ of the
Company until the earliest of (i) a date which is six (6) months from the date
of such Potential Change of Control, (ii) the date of a Change in Control, (iii)
the date of termination by the Executive of the Executive's employment for Good
Reason or by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, or (iv) the termination
by the Company of the Executive's employment for any reason.

     5.   Compensation Other Than Severance Payments.

          a.   Payment of Salary During Disability.  Following a Change in
Control and during the Term, during any period that the Executive is unable to
perform the Executive's full-time duties with the Company as a result of
incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Company shall pay to the
Executive the full salary to which the Executive is entitled at the rate in
effect at the commencement of any such period, together with all compensation
and benefits payable to the Executive under the terms of any compensation or
benefit plan, program or arrangement maintained by the Company during such
period, until the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for
Disability.

          b.   Accrued Salary.  If the Executive's employment shall be
terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term,
the Company shall pay the Executive such Executive's full salary through the
Date


                                       2


<PAGE>
of Termination at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Date of
Termination or, if higher, the rate in effect immediately prior to the first
occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason, together with
all compensation and benefits payable to the Executive through the Date of
Termination under the terms of the Company's compensation and benefit plans,
programs or arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the Date of
Termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately
prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good
Reason.

          c.   Post-Termination Benefits. If the Executive's employment shall
be terminated for any reason following a Change in Control and during the Term,
the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive's normal post-termination
compensation and benefits as such payments become due. Such post-termination
compensation and benefits shall be determined under, and paid in accordance
with, the Company's retirement, insurance and other compensation or benefit
plans, programs and arrangements as in effect immediately prior to the Date of
Termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect immediately
prior to the occurrence of the first event or circumstance constituting Good
Reason.

     6.   Severance Payments.

          a.   If (i) the Executive's employment is terminated following a
Change in Control and during the Term, other than (A) by the Company for Cause,
(B) by reason of death or Disability, or (C) by the Executive without Good
Reason, or (ii) the Executive voluntarily terminates his employment for any
reason during the one-month period commencing twelve (12) months following a
Change in Control, then, in either such case, the Company shall pay the
Executive the amounts, and provide the Executive the benefits, described in this
Section 6 ("Severance Payments") and Section 7, in addition to any payments and
benefits to which the Executive is entitled under Section 5 hereof. For purposes
of this Agreement, the Executive's employment shall be deemed to have been
terminated following a Change in Control by the Company without Cause or by the
Executive with Good Reason, if (i) the Executive's employment is terminated by
the Company without Cause prior to a  Change in Control (whether or not a Change
in Control ever occurs) and such termination was at the request or direction of
a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company the consummation of
which would constitute a Change in Control (an "Acquiring Person"), (ii) the
Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason prior to a Change in

                                       3


<PAGE>
Control (whether or not a Change in Control ever occurs) and the circumstance
or event which constitutes Good Reason occurs at the request or direction of an
Acquiring Person, or (iii) the Executive's employment is terminated by the
Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason and such termination
or the circumstance or event which constitutes Good Reason is otherwise in
connection with or in anticipation of a Change in Control (whether or not a
Change in Control ever occurs).  For purposes of any determination regarding
the applicability of the immediately preceding sentence, any position taken by
the executive shall be presumed to be correct unless the Company establishes to
the Board by clear and convincing evidence that such position is not correct.

               (1)  Lump Sum Payment.  In lieu of any further salary payments to
     the Executive for periods subsequent to the Date of Termination and in lieu
     of any severance benefit otherwise payable to the Executive, the Company
     shall pay to the Executive a lump sum severance payment, in cash, equal to
     three times the sum of (i) the Executive's base salary as in effect
     immediately prior to the Date of Termination or, if higher, in effect
     immediately prior to the first occurrence of an event or circumstance
     constituting Good Reason, and (ii) the average of the annual bonuses earned
     by the Executive in the three fiscal years ending immediately prior to
     the fiscal year in which occurs the Date of Termination or, if higher,
     immediately prior to the fiscal year in which occurs the first event or
     circumstance constituting Good Reason.  For purposes of the preceding
     sentence, in determining any bonus amount for any fiscal year, bonuses paid
     with respect to any year in which employment of the Executive commenced
     shall be annualized based on the number of days employed by the Company
     during such year.

               (2)  Continuation of Welfare Benefits.  For the twenty-four (24)
     month period immediately following the Date of Termination, the Company
     shall arrange to provide the Executive and his dependents life, disability,
     accident and health insurance benefits and other benefits and perquisites
     (including employee stay rates) substantially similar to those provided to
     the Executive and his dependents immediately prior to the Date of
     Termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided to the
     Executive and his dependents immediately prior to the first occurrence of
     an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason, at no greater cost to
     the Executive than the cost to the Executive immediately prior to such date
     or occurrence.  Benefits otherwise receivable by the Executive pursuant to

                                       4


<PAGE>
this Section 6(a)(2) shall be reduced to the extent benefits of the same type
are received by the Executive from another employer during the twenty-four (24)
month period following the Executive's termination of employment; provided,
however, that the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the excess, if any,
of the cost of such benefits to the Executive over such cost immediately prior
to the Date of Termination or, if more favorable to the Executive, the first
occurrence of an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason.

     (3)  Incentive Compensation.  Notwithstanding any provision of any annual
or long-term incentive plan to the contrary, the Company shall pay to the
Executive a lump sum amount, in cash, equal to the sum of (i) any unpaid
incentive compensation which has been allocated or awarded to the Executive for
a completed fiscal year  or other measuring period preceding the Date of
Termination under any such plan and which, as of the Date of Termination, is
contingent only upon the continued employment of the Executive to a subsequent
date, and (ii) the aggregate value of all contingent incentive compensation
awards allocated or awarded to the Executive for all then uncompleted periods
under any such plan that the Executive would have earned on the last day of the
performance award period, assuming the achievement, at the target level, of the
individual and corporate performance goals established with respect to such
award. Awards for uncompleted periods shall be prorated based upon the number of
days the Executive is employed by the Company during such year.

     (4)  Accelerated Vesting of Stock Options. All stock options and restricted
stock held by the Executive under any stock option or incentive plan maintained
by the Company (including the Company's 1995 and 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plans)
shall immediately vest and become exercisable as of the Date of Termination, to
be exercised in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan.

     (5)  Outplacement Services. The Company shall provide the Executive with
outplacement services suitable to the Executive's position for a period of
two (2) years or, if earlier, until the first acceptance by the Executive of an
offer of employment. The cost of such outplacement services shall not exceed
twenty percent (20%) of the Executive's base salary.

                                       5
<PAGE>
               (6) Deferred Compensation. The Company shall pay the Executive a
lump sum payment of any of the Executive's deferred compensation.

               (7) 401(k) Contributions. All unvested 401(k) contributions in
the Executive's 401(k) account shall immediately vest or the Company shall pay
the Executive an amount equal to any such unvested amounts that are forfeited by
reason of the Executive's termination of employment.

               (8) Loans. The Company shall forgive in full any home or
relocation loans from the Company to the Executive, identified on Schedule A
hereto, that are outstanding as of the Date of Termination and execute and
record any instruments and documents necessary or desirable to evidence the
satisfaction in full of such loans and the release of any lien securing such
loan. In addition, the Company shall pay to Executive an amount required, in the
good faith estimate of Executive's tax advisor, to permit Executive to pay any
income tax incurred by Executive as a result of such loan forgiveness and the
payment of such additional amounts by the Company.

     7.   280G Gross Up Payments.

          a.   Whether or not the Executive becomes entitled to the Severance
Payments, if any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the
Executive in connection with a Change in Control or the Executive's termination
of employment (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other
plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, any Person whose actions result
in a Change in Control or any Person affiliated with the Company or such
Person)(such payments or benefits, excluding the Gross-Up Payment, being
hereinafter referred to as the "Total Payments") will be subject to the Excise
Tax, the Company shall pay to the Executive an additional amount (the "Gross-Up
Payment") such that the net amount retained by the Executive, after deduction of
any Excise Tax on the Total Payments and any federal, state and local income and
employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the
Total Payments.

          b.   For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments
will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of any such Excise

                                       6
<PAGE>
Tax, (i) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments"
(within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless tax counsel ("Tax
Counsel") reasonably acceptable to the Executive and selected by the accounting
firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's
independent auditor (the "Auditor"), delivers an opinion to the Executive that
such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute
payments, including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all
"excess parachute payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1) of the Code
shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless Tax Counsel delivers an
opinion to the Executive that such excess parachute payments (in whole or in
part) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered (within
the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the Base Amount
allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the
Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of an noncash benefits or any deferred payment
or benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles
of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purpose of determining the
amount of the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at
the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of the
Executive's residence on the Date of Termination (or if there is no Date of
Termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated Date for
purposes of this Section 7), net of the maximum reduction in federal income
taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes.

     c. In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to the less than
the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, the
Executive shall repay to the Company, within five (5) business days following
the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally
determined, the portion of the Gross-Up payment to such reduction (plus that
portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal,
state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment
being repaid by the Executive, to the extent that such repayments results in  a
reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar for dollar reduction in the Executive's
taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and
employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at 120% of the
rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise
Tax is determined, pursuant to an administrative or judicial proceeding, to
exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up
Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which
cannot be

                                       7

<PAGE>
determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the Company shall make an
additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest,
penalties or additions payable by the Executive with respect to such excess)
within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such excess
is finally determined. The Executive and the Company shall each reasonably
cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial
proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with
respect to the Total Payments.

          d.  Timing of Payments.  The payments provided in subsections (1) and
(3) of Section 6 hereof and in Section 7 hereof shall be made not later than the
fifth day following the Date of Termination; provided, however, that if the
amounts of such payments cannot be finally determined on or before such day, the
Company shall pay to the Executive on  such day an estimate, as determined in
good faith by the Executive or, in the case of payments under Section 7 hereof,
in accordance with Section 7 hereof, of the minimum amount of such payments to
which the Executive is clearly entitled and shall pay the remainder of such
payments (together with interest on the unpaid remainder (or on all such
payments to the extent the Company fails to make such payments when due) at
120% of the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code) as soon as the
amount thereof can be determined but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th)
day after the Date of Termination.  At the time that payments are made under
this Agreement the Company shall provide the Executive with a written statement
setting forth the manner in which such payments were calculated and the basis
for such calculations including, without limitation, any opinions or other
advice the Company has received from Tax Counsel, the Auditor or other advisors
or consultants (and any such opinions or advice which are in writing shall be
attached to the statement).

          e.  Legal Fees.  The Company also shall pay to the Executive, as
incurred, all legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive in disputing in
good faith any issue hereunder relating to the termination of the Executive's
employment, in seeking to obtain or enforce any benefit or right provided by
this Agreement or in connection with any tax audit or proceeding to the extent
attributable to the application of section 4999 of the Code to any payment or
benefit provided hereunder, unless it is determined that any such dispute or
other action is frivolous and not in good faith.  Such payments shall be made
within five (5) business days after delivery of the Executive's written requests
for payment


                                       8
<PAGE>
accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company
reasonably may require.

     8.   Termination Procedures and Compensation During Dispute.

          a.   Notice of Termination. After a Change in Control and during the
Term, any purported termination of the Executive's employment (other than by
reason of death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination from
one party hereto to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 12
hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a
notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provisions indicated. Further, a Notice of Termination for
Cause is required to include a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership
of the Board at a meeting of the Board which was called and held for the
purpose of considering such termination (after reasonable notice to the
Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with Executive's
counsel, to be heard before the Board) finding that, in the good faith opinion
of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct set forth in clause (i) or
(ii) of the definition of Cause herein, and specifying the particulars thereof
in detail.

          b.   Date of Termination. "Date of Termination," with respect to any
purported termination of the Executive's employment after a Change in Control
and during the Term, shall mean (i) if the Executive's employment is terminated
for Disability, thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided
that the Executive shall not have returned to the full-time performance of the
Executive's duties during such thirty (30) day period), and (ii) if the
Executive's employment is terminated for any other reason, the date specified
in the Notice of Termination (which, in the case of a termination by the
Company, shall not be less than thirty (30) days (except in the case of a
termination for Cause) and, in the case of a termination by the Executive,
shall not be less than fifteen (15) days nor more than sixty (60) days,
respectively, from the date such Notice of Termination is given).

          c.   Dispute Concerning Termination. If within fifteen (15) days
after any Notice of Termination is given, or, if later, prior to the Date of
Termination (as determined without regard to this Section 8(c)), the party
receiving such


                                       9


<PAGE>
Notice of Termination notifies the other party that a dispute exists concerning
the termination, the Date of Termination shall be extended until the earlier of
(i) the date on which the Term ends or (ii) the date on which the dispute is
finally resolved, either by mutual written agreement of the parties or by a
final judgement, order or decree of an arbitrator or a court of competent
jurisdiction (which is not appealable or with respect to which the time for
appeal therefrom has expired and no appeal has been perfected); provided,
however, that the Date of Termination shall be extended by a notice of dispute
given by the Executive only if such notice is given in good faith and the
Executive pursues the resolution of such dispute with reasonable diligence.

          d.  Compensation During Dispute.  If a purported termination occurs
following a Change in Control and during the Term and the Date of Termination is
extended in accordance with Section 8(c) hereof, the Company shall continue to
pay the Executive the full compensation in effect when the notice giving rise to
the dispute was given (including, but not limited to, salary) and continue the
Executive as a participate in all compensation, benefit and insurance plans in
which the Executive was participating when the notice giving rise to the dispute
was given, until the Date of Termination, as determined in accordance with
Section 8(c) hereof.  Amounts paid under this Section 8(d) are in addition to
all other amounts due under this Agreement (other than those due under Section
5(b) hereof) and shall not be offset against or reduce any other amounts due
under this Agreement.

     9.  No Mitigation.  The Company agrees that, if the Executive's employment
with the Company terminated during the Term , the Executive is not required to
seek other employment or to attempt in any way to reduce any amounts payable to
the Executive by the Company pursuant to Section 6 hereof or Section 8(d)
hereof. Further, the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this
Agreement (other than Section 6(a)(2) hereof) shall not be reduced by any
compensation earned by the Executive as the result of employment by another
employer, by retirement benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be
owed by the Executive to the Company, or otherwise.

     10.  Successors;  Binding Agreement.

          a.  In addition to any obligations imposed by law upon any successor
to the Company, the Company will require any successor (whether direct or
indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
substantially

                                       10

<PAGE>
all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree
to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place.
Failure of the Company to obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the
effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of the Agreement and
shall entitle the Executive to compensation from the Company in the same amount
and on the same terms as the Executive would be entitled to hereunder if the
Executive were to terminate the Executive's employment for Good Reason after a
Change in Control, except that, for purposes of implementing the foregoing, the
date on which any such succession becomes effective shall be deemed the Date of
Termination.

          b.   This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If the
Executive shall die while any amount would still be payable to the Executive
hereunder (other than amounts which, by their terms, terminate upon death of
the Executive) if the Executive had continued to live, all such amounts, unless
otherwise provided herein shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement to the executors, personal representatives or administrators of the
Executive's estate.

     11.  Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold Executive
harmless for acts and omissions in his capacity as an officer, director or
employee of the Company to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.
The Company shall maintain a Director's and Officer's Liability Insurance
Policy, which shall provide liability coverage for Executive's benefit, and the
Executive shall remain covered under such policy for a period of at least six
(6) years following the earlier of termination of employment or the occurrence
of a Change in Control.

     12.  Notices. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed, if to
the Executive, to the address inserted below the Executive's signature on the
final page hereof and, if to the Company, to the address set forth below, or to
such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing
in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be
effective only upon actual receipt:


                                       11


<PAGE>
                    To the Company:

                    Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
                    777 Westchester Avenue
                    White Plains, NY  10604
                    Attention:  General Counsel

           13.  Miscellaneous.  No provision of this Agreement may be modified,
waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to
in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer as may be specifically
designated by the Board.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any
breach by the other party hereto of, or of any lack of compliance with, any
condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party
shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at
the same or at any prior or subsequent time.  This Agreement supersedes any
other agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with
respect to the subject matter hereof which have been made by either party;
provided, however, that this Agreement shall supersede any agreement setting
forth the terms and conditions of the Executive's employment with the Company
only in the event that the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated
on or following a Change in Control, by the Company other than for Cause or by
the Executive other than for Good Reason.  The validity, interpretation,
construction and performance of this Agreement shall de governed by the laws of
the State of New York,  All references to sections of the Exchange Act or the
Code shall be deemed also to refer to any successor provisions to such sections.
Any payments provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable
withholding required under federal, state or local law and any additional
withholding to which the Executive has agreed.  The obligations of the Company
and the Executive under this Agreement which by their nature may require either
partial or total performance after the expiration of the Term (including,
without limitation, those under Sections 6, 7, 8, and 9 hereof) shall survive
such expiration.

          14.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.


<PAGE>
     15.  Settlement of Disputes: Arbitration.

               a.  All claims by the Executive for benefits under this Agreement
shall de directed to and determined by the Board and shall be in writing.  Any
denial by the Board of a claim for benefits under this Agreement shall be
delivered to the Executive in writing and shall set forth the specific reasons
for the denial and the specific provisions of this Agreement relied upon.  The
Board shall afford a reasonable opportunity to the Executive for a review of the
decision denying a claim and shall further allow the Executive to appeal to the
board a decision of the Board within sixty (60) days after notification by the
Board that the Executive's claim has been denied.

               b.  Any further dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in
New York, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association
then in effect; provided, however, that the evidentiary standards set forth in
this Agreement shall apply.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award
in any court having jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, the Executive shall be entitled to seek specific
performance of the Executive's right to be paid until the Date of Termination
during the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection
with this Agreement.

     16.  Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the meanings indicated below:

               a.  "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.

               b.  "Auditor" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

               c.  "Base Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in section
280G(b)(3) of the Code.

               d.  "Beneficial Owner" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

               e.  "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

                                       13
<PAGE>
          f.   "Cause" for termination by the Company of the Executive's
employment shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure by the Executive to
substantially perform the Executive's duties with the Company after a written
demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board,
which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes
that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive's duties, and
Executive has not cured any such failure that is capable of being cured in all
material respects within ten (10) days of receiving such written demand, or
(ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in conduct which is demonstrably and
materially injurious to the Company or its subsidiaries, monetarily or
otherwise. For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition, (x) no act,
or failure to act on the Executive's part shall be deemed "willful" unless
done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive not in good faith and without
reasonable belief that the Executive's act or failure to act, was in the best
interest of the Company and (y) in the event of a dispute concerning the
application of this provision, no claim by the Company that Cause exists shall
be given effect unless the Company establishes to the Board by clear and
convincing evidence that Cause exists.

          g.   A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if the
event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

               (1)  any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities
beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the
Company or its affiliates) representing 25% or more of the combined voting
power of the Company's then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who
becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in
clause (i) of paragraph (3) below; or

               (2)  the following individuals cease for any reason to
constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who,
on the date hereof, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a
director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent
solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose
appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the
Company's stockholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least
two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in

                                       14



<PAGE>
office who either were directors on the date hereof or whose appointment,
election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended;
or

               (3)  there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the
Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other
corporation, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the
voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger
or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by
being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent
thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary
holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company, at least 70% of the combined voting power of the
securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and in proportion to
their relative voting power immediately prior to such merger or consolidation,
or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of
the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the
Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then
outstanding securities; or

               (4)  the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete
liquidation or dissolution by the Company or there is consummated an agreement
for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the
Company's assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets to an entity, at least 70% of the
combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by
stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a "Change in Control" shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue
of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions
immediately following which the record holders of the common stock of the
Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue
to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following such
transaction or series of transactions.

          h.   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time.


                                       15


<PAGE>
               i.  "Company" shall mean Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide,
Inc., and, except in determining under Section 17(g) hereof whether or not any
Change in Control of the Company has occurred, shall include any successor to
its business and/or assets which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by
operation of law, or otherwise.

               j.  "Date of Termination" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8 hereof.

               k.  "Disability" shall be deemed the reason for the termination
by the Company of the Executive's employment, if, as a result of the Executive's
incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall have been
absent from the full-time performance of the Executive's duties with the Company
for a period of six (6) consecutive months, the Company shall have given the
Executive a Notice of Termination for Disability, and, within thirty (30) days
after such Notice of Termination is given, the Executive shall not have returned
to the full-time performance of the Executive's duties.

               l.  "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended from time to time.

               m.  "Excise Tax" shall mean any excise tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code.

               n.  "Executive" shall mean the individual named in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.

               o.  "Good Reason"  for termination by the Executive of the
Executive's employment shall mean the occurrence (without the Executive's
express written consent) after any Change in Control, or prior to a Change in
Control under the circumstances described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the
second sentence of Section 6(a) hereof (treating all references in paragraphs
(1) through (7) below to a "Change of Control" as references to a "Potential
Change in Control"), of any one of the following acts by the Company, or
failures by the Company to act, unless, in the case of any act or failure to act
described in paragraph (1), (5), (6) or (7) below, such act or failure to act is
corrected prior to the Date of Termination specified in the Notice of
Termination given in respect thereof:

                                       16
<PAGE>
               (1)  the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent
with the Executive's status as a senior executive officer of the Company or a
substantial adverse alteration in the nature or status of the Executive's
responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the Change in
Control;

               (2)  a reduction by the Company in the Executive's annual base
salary as in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from
time to time;

               (3)  the relocation of the Executive's principal place of
employment to a location more than 35 miles from the Executive's principal place
of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control or the Company's
requiring the Executive to be based anywhere other than such principal place of
employment (or permitted relocation thereof) except for required travel on the
Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with the Executive's
present business travel obligations;

               (4)  the failure by the Company to pay to the Executive any
portion of the Executive's current compensation, or to pay to the Executive any
portion of an installment of deferred compensation under any deferred
compensation program of the Company, within seven (7) days of the date such
compensation is due;

               (5)  the failure by the Company to continue in effect any
compensation plan in which the Executive participates immediately prior to the
Change in Control which is material to the Executive's total compensation,
including but not limited to the Company's stock option, bonus and other plans
or any substitute plans adopted prior to the Change in Control, unless an
equitable arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or alternative plan)
has been made with respect to such plan, or the failure by the Company to
continue the Executive's participation therein (or in such substitute or
alternative plan) on a basis not materially less favorable, both in terms of
the amount or timing of payment of benefits provided and the level of the
Executive's participation


                                       17


<PAGE>
          relative to other participants, as existed immediately prior to the
          Change in Control;

                    (6)  the failure by the Company to continue to provide the
          Executive with benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by the
          Executive under any of the Company's pension, savings, life insurance,
          medical, health and accident, or disability plans in which the
          Executive was participating immediately prior to the Change in
          Control, the taking of any other action by the Company which would
          directly or indirectly materially reduce any of such benefits or
          deprive the Executive of any material fringe benefit enjoyed by the
          Executive at the time of the Change in Control, or the failure by the
          Company to provide the Executive with the number of paid vacation days
          to which the Executive is entitled on the basis of years of service
          with the Company in accordance with the Company's normal vacation
          policy or any employment agreement in effect at the time of the Change
          in Control; or

                    (7)  any purported termination of the Executive's employment
          which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying
          the requirements of Section 8(a) hereof; for purposes of this
          Agreement, no such purported termination shall be effective.

          The Executive's right to terminate the Executive's employment for Good
Reason shall not be affected by the Executive's incapacity due to physical or
mental illness.  The Executive's continued employment shall not constitute
consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act
constituting Good Reason hereunder.

          For purposes of any determination regarding the existence of Good
Reason, any claim by the Executive that Good Reason exists shall be presumed to
be correct unless the Company establishes to the Board by clear and convincing
evidence that Good Reason does not exist.

          p.  "Gross-Up Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

          q.  "Notice of Termination" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8 hereof.

                                       18
<PAGE>
          r. "Person" shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except
that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
(ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily
holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a
corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company
in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the
Company.

          s. "Potential Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if
the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred:

               (1) the Company enters into an agreement, the consummation of
          which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control;

               (2) the Company or any Person publicly announces an intention to
          take or to consider taking actions which, if consummated, would
          constitute a Change in Control;

               (3) any Person becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
          indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 15% or more of
          either the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or
          the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities
          (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any
          securities acquired directly from the Company or its affiliates); or

               (4) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for
          purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has
          occurred.

          t. "Retirement" shall be deemed the reason for the termination by the
Executive of the Executive's employment if such employment is terminated in
accordance with the Company's retirement policy, including early retirement,
generally applicable to its salaried employees.

                                       19




<PAGE>
               u.   "Severance Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6 hereof.

               v.   "Tax Counsel" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

               w.   "Term" shall mean the period of time described in Section 2
hereof (including any extension, continuation or termination described therein).

               x.   "Total Payments" shall mean those payments so described in
Section 7 hereof.


                                             STARWOOD HOTELS AND RESORTS
                                               WORLD WIDE, INC.



                                             By: /s/  Thomas C. Janson
                                                -----------------------------
                                             Name:  Thomas C. Janson
                                             Title: Executive Vice President
                                                      and General Counsel




                                                 /s/  Theodore Darnall
                                                -----------------------------
                                                      Theodore Darnall

                                             Address:

                                                   405 Belden Hill Rd.
                                             --------------------------------
                                                   Wilton, CT 06897
                                             --------------------------------

                                             --------------------------------
                                                 (Please print carefully)








                                       20


<PAGE>
                                                  SCHEDULE A
                                                  ----------




HOME LOAN AMOUNT                                  DATE OF LOAN(S)
----------------                                  ---------------
$600,000                                          August 6, 1998

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
