<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exhibit10x.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(X) - FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(x)













                         LANE FURNITURE INDUSTRIES, INC.

                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
























                                                        Restated January 1, 2003


<page>



                         LANE FURNITURE INDUSTRIES, INC.
                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


This Supplemental  Executive  Retirement Plan (the "Plan") is for the purpose of
providing  supplemental  retirement  benefits for and retaining  designated  key
management employees of Lane Furniture Industries,  Inc. ("Lane") and certain of
its affiliated companies.



                                    Article I
                                   Definitions

Section 1.1.  Definitions.  As used herein,  the following  terms shall have the
     following meanings:


     (a)  "Administrator" means Furniture Brands International, Inc.

     (b)  "Affiliate"  means  any  corporation  which,   during  any  period  of
          employment of a Participant, was at least 50% controlled,  directly or
          indirectly, by Lane.

     (c)  "Basic Plan" means any defined  benefit pension plan(s) (as defined in
          Section 3(2) of the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974,
          as  subsequently  amended)  sponsored  by  "Furniture  Brands"  or any
          affiliate of  "Furniture  Brands",  including  Lane or any  affiliate,
          under which any Participant is entitled to a retirement benefit.

     (d)  "Basic  Plan  Benefit"  means the amount of benefit  payable  from the
          Basic Plan to a Participant or, in the case of a pre-retirement  death
          benefit, to the Surviving Spouse of a Participant,  in the normal form
          of annuity payable.

     (e)  "Beneficiary"  means  the  beneficiary  or  contingent   annuitant  as
          specified pursuant to the provisions of the Basic Plan.

     (f)  "Code"  means  the  Internal  Revenue  code of 1986,  as  subsequently
          amended.

     (g)  "Committee"   means  the  Executive   compensation  and  Stock  Option
          Committee of the Board of Directors of "Furniture  Brands",  as now or
          hereafter  constituted,   or  any  other  committee  or  sub-committee
          thereof,  as so  designated  or empowered by the Board of Directors of
          "Furniture Brands".

     (h)  "Employee"  means any person  employed by Lane or an  Affiliate  on or
          after the Effective Date.

     (i)  "Furniture Brands" means Furniture Brands International,  Inc. and any
          successor thereof.

     (j)  "Participant"   means  any  Employee  who  satisfies  the  eligibility
          requirements  set forth herein and who is  designated as a Participant
          by the  Committee.  An Employee shall become a Participant in the Plan
          as of the date he is designated a Participant by the Committee.


     (k)  "Plan"  means  the  Lane  Furniture   Industries,   Inc.  Supplemental
          Executive Retirement Plan.

     (l)  "Surviving  Spouse" means the spouse of a Participant  who is eligible
          to receive a surviving spouse benefit under the Basic Plan.

     (m)  The masculine  gender,  where  appearing in the Plan will be deemed to
          include the feminine gender,  and the singular may include the plural,
          unless the context clearly indicates the contrary.


<page>


                                   Article II
                                   Eligibility

     Section 2.1.  Commencement  of  Participation.  On and after the  Effective
Date,  the President of Furniture  Brands,  Lane or of any Affiliate may, in his
discretion, recommend for participation any Employee who is an Executive Officer
(as herein defined) of Lane or of any Affiliate, and who has attained the age of
40 years.  For purposes of this Plan, an "Executive  Officer"  shall include the
Chairman of the Board,  the President,  the Chief Executive  Officer,  the Chief
Financial  Officer,  any  Vice  President  and the  President  of any  operating
division.  Such  Employee  shall  become a  Participant  upon  approval  of such
recommendation  by  the  Committee,  and  as of  the  date  established  by  the
Committee,  said  approval  to be given or  withheld  at the  discretion  of the
Committee.

     Section 2.2.  Termination of  Participation.  Participation  shall end upon
termination of employment  with Lane or an Affiliate,  prior to retirement,  for
reasons other than death or disability,  provided, however, that a transfer of a
participant  to  Furniture  Brands or to  another  Furniture  Brands  affiliated
company will not be deemed to be a  termination  of  employment  for purposes of
this Plan.

     Section  2.3.  Discharge  for Cause;  Non-Competition.  If any  Participant
entitled to a benefit  under this Plan is discharged  for cause,  or enters into
competition with Lane or any Affiliate, or interferes with the relations between
Lane or any Affiliate,  and any customer,  or engages in any activity that would
result in any  decrease  of or loss in sales by Lane or any  Affiliate  or which
would otherwise be detrimental to Furniture Brands, Lane, or any other Furniture
Brands  affiliated  company,  the rights of such  Participant to a benefit under
this Plan,  including  the rights of a Surviving  Spouse or a  Beneficiary  to a
benefit,  will be forfeited,  unless the Committee determines that such activity
is not  detrimental to the best interests of Lane or an Affiliate.  However,  if
the  individual  ceases such  activity and notifies  the  Administrator  of such
action,  then the Participant's  right to receive a benefit,  and any right of a
Surviving Spouse or a Beneficiary to a benefit,  will be restored within 60 days
of said  notification,  unless the Committee in its sole  discretion  determines
that the prior  activity  has caused  serious  injury to Lane or any  Affiliate,
which determination will be final and conclusive.

<page>

                                   Article III
                                Retirement Dates

     Section 3.1.  Retirement  Dates. Each Participant is eligible to retire and
receive a benefit under this Plan beginning on one of the following dates:

     (a)  "Normal  Retirement Date" which is the same as Normal  Retirement Date
          under the Basic Plan;

     (b)  "Early  Retirement  Date" which is the same as Early  Retirement  Date
          under the Basic Plan;

     (c)  "Delayed Retirement Date" which is the same as Delayed Retirement Date
          under the Basic Plan; or

     (d)  "Disability   Retirement   Date"  which  is  the  same  as  Disability
          Retirement Date under the Basic Plan.



                                   Article IV
                                    Benefits

     Section 4.1. Normal Retirement  Benefit. A Participant's  annual retirement
benefit payable from and after Normal Retirement Date under the Plan will equal:

     (a)  3% of Final Average  Compensation (as defined herein) per year for the
          first 10 years of Service (as defined herein), plus

     (b)  1 1/2% of Final Average  Compensation per year for years of Service 11
          through 20, plus


     (c)  1/2% of Final  Average  Compensation  per year for years of Service 21
          through 30, less


     (d)  primary Social Security benefits (defined as 5% of the Social Security
          PIA times years of Service up to 20 years), less


     (e)  any Basic Plan Benefit and any other  retirement  benefit  provided at
          the  employer's  expense  (or at another  Furniture  Brands  Company's
          expense)  with  respect to such  Participant,  but  excluding  (i) the
          portion of any such benefit earned after transfer to another Furniture
          Brands Company, (ii) any benefit payable under a Section 401(k) salary
          reduction plan, and (iii) any benefits  available under a split-dollar
          insurance policy.

     "Final Average  Compensation" as used herein shall have the same meaning as
Final Average  Compensation under the Basic Plan.  "Compensation" as used herein
shall have the same meaning as  compensation  under the Basic Plan,  but without
reference to any of the limitations imposed by the code; provided, however, that
the maximum annual Compensation for these purposes shall not exceed $500,000.
<page>


     "Service as used herein  shall have the same  meaning as Service  under the
Basic  Plan for all  service  to Lane or an  Affiliate  after age 35,  and shall
include  service  with  another  Furniture  Brands  Company  completed  prior to
employment at Lane or an Affiliate.

     Section 4.2. Early Retirement  Benefit. A Participant shall have the option
to take early  retirement  at age 55 and after 15 years of Service to Lane or an
Affiliate,  subject to the approval of the Committee in its sole discretion, and
subject  further to the execution of a  non-competition  agreement.  The benefit
payable in the event of early retirement shall be the Normal Retirement  Benefit
calculated  as set  forth in  Section  4.1  above,  but  reduced  by 6% per year
(pro-rated  for any portion of a year) for each year of retirement  prior to the
Normal Retirement Date.

     Section 4.3. Delayed Retirement Benefit. A Participant's retirement benefit
payable at a Delayed  Retirement Date will be equal to the Participant's  Normal
Retirement Benefit calculated as set forth in Section 4.1 above.

     Section  4.4.  Disability  Benefits.  In the  event a  Participant  becomes
totally disabled, as defined in the Basic Plan, and is eligible for a disability
benefit  payment from the Basic Plan, a disability  benefit will be payable from
this Plan,  calculated in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof,  but reduced by 6%
per year  (pro-rated for any portion of a year) for the first ten years prior to
Normal Retirement Date. For these purposes, "actuarial reduction" shall have the
same meaning as provided in the Basic Plan for  retirement  under the Basic Plan
prior to age 55. The disability  benefit payment will cease under this Plan when
the disability benefit ceases under the Basic Plan.

     Section 4.5.  Limitation on Benefits.  Except with respect to Discretionary
Benefits  provide  pursuant to section 4.8 hereof,  in no event will nay benefit
payable pursuant to this Plan result in an aggregate payment to a Participant of
an amount  greater than fifty percent (50%) of Final Average  Compensation  when
combining (i) Basic Plan Benefits,  (ii) primary Social Security  benefits,  and
(iii) payments pursuant to this Plan.

     Section 4.6. Date of Calculation.  The retirement  benefits under this Plan
shall be calculated as of the date retirement  benefits  commence  payment under
the Basic Plan.

     Section 4.7. Forms of Benefit.

     (a)  The normal form of benefit under this Plan will be a life annuity (for
          unmarried  Participants)  or a 50% joint  and  survivor  benefit  (for
          married Participants). If an optional form of benefit has been elected
          under the Basic Plan,  such  election will be deemed to be an election
          of that same  optional  form of benefit  under this Plan as well;  The
          normal  form of benefit  under this Plan will be a life  annuity  (for
          unmarried  Participants)  or a 50% joint  and  survivor  benefit  (for
          married Participants). If an optional form of benefit has been elected
          under the Basic Plan,  such  election will be deemed to be an election
          of that  same  optional  form of  benefit  under  this  Plan as  well;
          provided,  however, that in the event that Participant is eligible for
          and  elects to receive  benefits  from the Basic Plan in the form of a
          lump sum,  benefits  under  this Plan will be payable in the form of a
          life annuity.

<page>

     (b)  Notwithstanding  the  provisions of paragraph  4.7(a),  if the monthly
          benefit  payable to a  Participant  under  this Plan,  or in case of a
          Surviving Spouse's benefit, is $100 per month or less, then in lieu of
          receiving a monthly benefit, the Participant or Surviving Spouse shall
          receive a single sum cash  settlement.  The single sum cash settlement
          shall be  determined in  accordance  with the  provisions of the Basic
          Plan for determining similar settlements.

     Section 4.8.  Discretionary Benefit. The Committee shall have the authority
to provide any  discretionary  supplementary or additional  benefits pursuant to
this Plan to a  Participant  at any time after the  Participant  ceases to be an
Employee.

     Section  4.9.  Death  Benefits.  A Surviving  Spouse is entitled to a Death
Benefit  under this Plan if he is  entitled to a Death  Benefit  under the Basic
Plan.  Such Death Benefit under this Plan shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 4.1 of this Plan, adjusted pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Plan, payable
in the form of and subject to the same  limitations  as a Death Benefit  payable
under the Basic Plan to a Surviving Spouse.

     Section 4.10. Payment of Retirement Benefits.

     (a)  Benefits  payable in accordance with Article IV hereof will be payable
          monthly,  and will  commence on the same date as the  benefit  payable
          under the Basic Plan.  Payments will cease upon the later of the first
          day of the month following the month in which the retired  Participant
          dies.

     (b)  Except for any discretionary benefit granted under Section 4.8 hereof,
          no benefits are payable  under this Plan with respect to a Participant
          whose  employment with Lane or an Affiliate is terminated prior to age
          65 for reasons other than death, disability or Early Retirement (under
          the  terms  of  this   Plan).   Notwithstanding   the   foregoing,   a
          Participant's Service and Compensation hereunder will not be forfeited
          but  will  rather  be  frozen  in the  event  of a  transfer  of  that
          Participant to another Furniture Brands affiliated  company, or in the
          event the Participant  ceases to be an Executive  Office of Lane or an
          Affiliate.

     (c)  A Participant whose retirement  benefit under this Article IV is to be
          paid in the form of a 10-year certain and life annuity shall designate
          a beneficiary to receive any guaranteed amount remaining unpaid at his
          death and may designate one or more contingent beneficiaries which may
          be other  than a natural  person.  Payments  with  respect to any such
          beneficiary shall be governed by the definition of "Beneficiary" under
          the Basic Plan.



                                    Article V
                       Administration and Claims Procedure

     Section 5.1. Construction;  Interpretation.  For the purpose of this Plan's
administration   and  claims   procedures  the  Committee  hereby  appoints  the
Administrator to see to the day-to-day administration of the Plan to perform any
and all  duties  with  respect  to the  Plan to the  extent  that  they  are not
specifically reserved to the Committee hereunder. The Administrator

<page>


shall keep all records of meetings and of any action by the  Committee or by the
Administrator  in  connection  with this  Plan,  and any and all  other  records
desired by the Committee.  The Committee may appoint such other agents, who need
not be members of the  Committee,  as it may deem  necessary  for the  effective
exercise of its duties under the Plan,  and may, to the extent not  inconsistent
herewith,  delegate to such other agents any powers and duties, both ministerial
and  discretionary,  as the committee may deem  expedient and  appropriate.  The
Administrator  shall  construe and interpret all  provisions of the Plan and may
adopt rules and regulations to assist it in the administration of the Plan.

     Section 5.2. Documents;  Writings.  A decision of the Committee may be made
by a written  document  signed by a majority of the Committee or at a meeting of
the  committee.  The  Committee  may  authorize  any of its members or any other
appropriate  person to sign documents or papers on its behalf. A decision or the
Administrator  may be  made by a  written  document  signed  by any  officer  or
designated representative of Furniture Brands.

     Section 5.3.  Conflicts of Interest.  No Committee  member,  as such, shall
make any decision or take any action  covering  exclusively  his own eligibility
for participation or for benefits under the Plan, if he is an Employee,  but all
such matter shall be decided by a majority of the remaining Committee members.

     Section 5.4. Claims Procedures.

     (a)  A participant  or  beneficiary or other person who believes that he is
          being denied a benefit to which he is entitled  (hereinafter  referred
          to as "Claimant") may file a written request for such benefit with the
          Administrator  setting forth his claim.  The request must be addressed
          to the  Administrator  at 101 South Hanley Road,  St. Louis,  Missouri
          63105, ATTN: Manager of Employee Benefits.

     (b)  Upon  receipt of a claim the  Administrator  shall advise the Claimant
          that a reply  will be  forthcoming  within  90 days and  shall in fact
          deliver such reply within such period.  However, the Administrator may
          extend  the reply  period  for an  additional  90 days for  reasonable
          cause.  If the claim is denied in whole or in part, the  Administrator
          will  adopt  a  written  opinion  using  language   calculated  to  be
          understood by the claimant  setting forth:

          (i)  the specific reason or reasons for denial,

          (ii) the specific references to pertinent Plan provisions on which the
               denial is based,

          (iii)a  description   of  any   additional   material  or  information
               necessary   for  the   Claimant  to  perfect  the  claim  and  an
               explanation why such material or such information is necessary.

          (iv) Appropriate  information  as to  the  steps  to be  taken  if the
               Claimant wishes to submit the claim for review, and

          (v) the time limits for requesting a review under this Section 5.4.

     (c)  Within  sixty days after the  receipt by the  claimant  of the written
          opinion  described above, the Claimant may request in writing that the
          Committee review the Administrator's determination.  Such request must
          be addressed to the Committee as provided herein.  The Claimant or his
          duly authorized representative may, but need not, review the pertinent
          documents and submit


<page>


          issues and comments in writing for consideration by the Committee.  If
          the  Claimant  does  not  request  a  review  of  the  Administrator's
          determination  within such  sixty-day  period,  he shall be barred and
          estopped from challenging the Administrator's determination.

     (d)  Within  sixty days  after the  Committee's  receipt  of a request  for
          review,  it  will  review  the  Administrator's  determination.  After
          considering  all materials  presented by the  Claimant,  the Committee
          will render a written  opinion,  written in a manner  calculated to be
          understood by the Claimant, setting forth the specific reasons for the
          decision and  containing  specific  references to the  pertinent  Plan
          provisions  on which the decision is based.  If special  circumstances
          require that the sixty-day time period be extended, the Committee will
          so  notify  the  Claimant  and will  render  the  decision  as soon as
          possible but not later than 120 days after  receipt of the request for
          review.  The decision of the  Committee  shall be final and binding on
          the Claimant.



                                   Article VI
                                  Miscellaneous

     Section  6.1.  Spendthrift.  To the  maximum  extent  permitted  by law, no
participant,  spouse,  or beneficiary may voluntarily or  involuntarily  assign,
transfer, encumber or otherwise subject to alienation, sale, transfer, claims of
creditors,  pledge,  attachment or encumbrance any of the benefits payable or to
be payable under this Plan.

     Section 6.2. Incapacity. If, in the opinion of the Administrator,  a person
to whom a  benefit  is  payable  is unable to care for his  affairs  because  of
illness,  accident or any other reason, any payment due the person, unless prior
claim  thereof shall have been made by a duly  qualified  guardian or other duly
appointed  and  qualified  representative  of such  person,  may be paid to some
member of the  person's  family,  or to some  party who,  in the  opinion of the
Administrator, has incurred expense for such person. Any such payment shall be a
payment for the account of such person and shall be a complete  discharge of any
liability.

     Section  6.3.  Employee  Rights.  Neither  Furniture  Brands,  Lane nor any
Affiliate,  in  adopting  this  Plan,  shall  be held to  create  or vest in any
Employee or any other person any  interest,  pension or benefits  other than the
benefits  specifically  provided  herein.  Nothing  contained  herein  shall  be
construed to be a contract of employment  for any term,  nor as conferring  upon
any  Employee  the right to continue to be  employed  by Lane,  or by  Furniture
Brands or by any Affiliate,  in his present  capacity or in any capacity,  or to
interfere with the right of Furniture Brands, Lane or any Affiliate to discharge
or otherwise  deal with a  Participant  without  regard to the existence of this
Plan.

     Section 6.4. Service of Process.  The Administrator  shall be the agent for
service of legal process.

     Section  6.5.  Unfunded  Plan.  The  Plan  shall be  unfunded.  Lane or the
applicable Affiliate shall pay all benefits hereunder out of its general assets.




<page>

     Section 6.6. Amendment or Termination.  The Board of Directors of Furniture
Brands  reserves  the right,  in its sole  discretion,  to amend,  terminate  or
suspend  operation of the Plan at any time or from time to time,  in whole or in
part. In the event of Plan termination, the benefits will be determined for each
Participant as of that date, no credited  Service or Compensation for subsequent
years  will be  considered,  and any  Participant's  entitlement  to  payment of
Benefits will be subject to the  remaining  provisions of the Plan. In the event
of amendment, the benefits calculated under the Plan as of the effective date of
any amendment  will in no event be decreased or forfeited  solely as a result of
such amendment, nor shall be terms of the Plan governing the benefits calculated
as of such date be less favorable to any Participant  solely as a result of such
amendment.  No  termination,  amendment or  suspension of the Plan will affect a
retired Participant's right or the right of a Surviving Spouse or Beneficiary to
continue to receive a benefit in  accordance  with this Plan as in effect on the
date such Participant commenced to receive a benefit under this Plan.

     Section 6.7.  Employee  Contributions.  There shall be no  contributions by
Employees.

     Section 6.8.  Effective Date. This plan shall become  effective on the date
adopted  by the Lane  Board of  Directors  and  shall  be  effective  as to each
Participant on the date he or she is designated as such by the Committee.

     Section 6.9.  Governing  Law.  This Plan is  established  under and will be
construed according to the laws of the State of Missouri.




Adopted by the Board of Directors of
Furniture Brands International, Inc. as of January 31, 1995

Adopted by the Board of Directors of
Lane Furniture Industries, Inc. as of January 31, 1995

Restated as of January 1, 2003



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
