<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>


<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.3

                           [INTERNATIONAL PAPER LOGO]

                         MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN (MIP)
                   Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2002

I.   Purposes of the Plan

     The purposes of this Amended and Restated Management Incentive Plan are:
     (a) to provide greater incentive for Participants to exert their best
     efforts to increase the profitability of the Company, (b) to attract and
     retain the best talent available, and (c) to further align the interests of
     the participants and shareholders. The awards made under the Plan are not a
     form of deferred regular compensation with respect to the Participants'
     normal performance of their regular duties, but are instead intended to
     provide an incentive to achieve higher than expected levels of performance.

II.  Definitions

     o    Business: "Business" means one of the Business Groups reporting to
          the Executive Office.

     o    Committee: "Committee" means the Management Development and
          Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

     o    Company: "Company" means International Paper Company, a New York
          corporation, together with its subsidiaries.

     o    Employees: "Employees" means those persons who are full-time employees
          of the Company.

     o    Award Scale: "Award Scale" means the conversion of the performance
          objective rating to a percent of target award earned.

     o    Industry Financial Performance Peer Group: "Industry Financial
          Performance Peer Group" means that representative group of companies
          in the paper and forest products industry with which the Company
          competes, as determined from time to time by the Company, listed in
          Appendix A.

     o    Participant: "Participant" means a person who has been designated as a
          participant in the Plan, according to Section V.

     o    Performance Objective Rating: "Performance Objective Rating" means the
          percentage amount assigned to a Performance Objective for a level of
          achievement which translates to a percentage of the Target Award.

     o    Performance Objectives: "Performance Objectives" mean the measures
          developed around ROI, customer, operational excellence, and people or
          other objectives as identified by the Company upon which awards may be
          earned.

     o    Plan: "Plan" means this Amended and Restated Management Incentive
          Plan, as may be amended from time to time.




<PAGE>


     o    Plan Year: "Plan Year" means the twelve month period corresponding to
          the Company's fiscal year.

     o    Return on Investment/ROI: "Return on Investment" or "ROI" means
          earnings before interest and after taxes divided by capital employed,
          with or without the effect of cyclical product pricing.

     o    Target Award: "Target Award" means an amount equal to the percentage
          of salary range midpoint applicable to the actual position level of
          each Participant, shown in Appendix B.

III. Plan Description

     The Plan is an annual cash incentive plan developed around the achievement
     of pre-established Return on Investment (ROI) measures and appropriate key
     performance objectives promoting Customers, Operational Excellence, and
     People and funded by the Company's level of performance against those
     objectives. Total awards cannot exceed the amount funded for the MIP pool
     generated by overall corporate performance and approved by the Committee.

IV.  Administration of the Plan

     The Plan operates at the discretion of the Management Development and
     Compensation Committee (Committee) of the Board of Directors. The Committee
     may exercise considerable discretion and judgment in interpreting the Plan,
     and adopting, from time to time, rules and regulations that govern the
     administration of the Plan.

     The Committee delegates authority to the Chairman and Chief Executive
     Officer or his designee, for the day-to-day administration of the Plan,
     except for any participant considered an Officer/Insider of the Company or
     those designated as coporate Senior Vice President or higher.

     Decisions of the Committee are final, conclusive and binding on all
     parties, including the Company, its shareholders, and employees.

V.   Participation in the Plan

     Participants in the Plan are limited to employees of the Company, whose
     position level is 14 - 43 and are considered to have a meaningful impact on
     the Company's performance as determined by the Chairman and Chief Executive
     Officer or his designee.

     Employees who are eligible for participation in any other annual, recurring
     variable cash compensation plan of the Company are not eligible for
     participation in this Plan. Participation in this Plan, or receipt of an
     award under this Plan, does not give a Participant or Employee any right to
     a subsequent award, nor any right to continued employment by the Company
     for any period.




<PAGE>


VI.  Award Pool and Award Scale

     A.   Pool: The total corporate award pool will be determined by corporate
          performance defined as:

          o    40% Weight: Improvement of Return on Investment (ROI), without
               the effects of cyclical product pricing.

               Achievement of Objective         % of Target Award
               ------------------------         -----------------
                       125%                            200%
                       100%                            100%
                        70%                             50%
                     Below 70%                           0%

          o    20% Weight: Return on Investment as compared to Industry
               Financial Performance Peer Group rank.

                    Rank                        % of Target Award
               ---------------                  -----------------
                Top Quartile                       150 - 200%
                2nd Quartile                       101 - 149%
                   Median                             100%
                3rd Quartile                        25 - 99%
               Bottom Quartile                         0%

          o    40% Weight: Key Company Drivers: People, Customers, and
               Operational Excellence.

               o    15% Aggregate Weighted Achievement Score of Customer
                    Objectives (Customers)

               o    15% Aggregate Weighted Achievement Score of Operational
                    Excellence Objectives (Operational Excellence)

               o    10% Diversity (People)

                    Improvement Goal            % of Target Award
                    ----------------            -----------------
                     100% or Higher                    100%
                           70%                          70%
                        Below 70%                        0%

     B.   Business Objectives

          o    Business objectives must reflect the 60/40 ratio of financial to
               non-financial objectives. Non-Financial objectives should include
               specific goals under each of the major performance drivers of
               People, Customers, and Operational Excellence,




<PAGE>


               and weighted as appropriate for the specific business, but not to
               exceed 40% of the overall business award.

          o    The business performance achievement percentage may be modified
               by the Executive Office to ensure that the overall MIP award pool
               is not exceeded.

     C.   Performance Objective Rating. Each performance objective will be
          evaluated at the end of the plan year and assigned a rating
          representing the level at which the objective was achieved. Ratings
          will be assigned by appropriate management levels for final review and
          approval by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer before submitting
          to the Committee for final approval. In connection with Company ROI
          and Competitive ROI, the Committee may take into account, without
          limitation, such items as unforeseen changes in economic conditions.
          Overall MIP awards may be reduced for deteriorating safety
          performance.

VII. Allocation of Incentive Compensation Pools Among Business/Corporate Staff
     Units: Pool amounts available under the MIP for payment of individual
     awards will be earned and allocated to Corporate and Business Participants
     based upon:

     A.   Corporate Level Participants. Members of the Executive Office and all
          Corporate Staff members not specifically assigned to a business are
          considered corporate participants. As such, these participants' award
          pool is based:

          o    100% upon Achievement of Corporate Objectives.

     B.   Business Level Participants. Participants other than members of the
          Executive Office or Corporate Staff members and whose primary
          responsibilities rest within a business unit are considered Business
          Participants. As such, these participants' award pool is based:

          o    50% upon Corporate Objectives

          o    50% upon Business Objectives.

VIII. Award Recommendations.

     A.   Recommendations. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer will submit
          to the Committee at the end of each Plan Year individual award
          recommendations for participants considered Officers/Insiders/Senior
          Vice Presidents or higher and an aggregate award amount for all other
          participants.

     B.   Granting of Awards. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may
          approve, revise or disapprove any recommended award to an
          Officer/Insider/Senior Vice President as it deems appropriate. Any
          award to an Officer/Insider/Senior Vice President will be subject to
          approval by the full Board of Directors of the Company.




<PAGE>


     C.   Death, Disability or Retirement of a Participant. A Participant whose
          employment terminates during a Plan Year because of death, disability
          or retirement (or who is granted a leave of absence) may, at the
          discretion of the Committee and under such rules as the Committee may
          from time to time prescribe, be eligible for consideration for a
          pro-rata award based on the period of active employment during the
          Plan Year. If a Participant's employment with the Company is
          terminated for any reason other than death, disability, retirement, or
          the grant of a leave of absence, prior to actual payment of an award,
          such award will be canceled and the Participant will have no right to
          receive payment.

IX.  Method and Time of Payment of Awards

     A.   Type of Payment. As soon as practical after an individual incentive
          award under this Plan has been approved by the Committee (or approved
          by the Board of Directors with respect to an award to an
          Officer/Insider/Senior Vice President), the award will be paid to the
          Participant in cash unless the Participant has elected to defer
          payment as described in Article IX(C).

     B.   Payment to Beneficiaries. If a Participant dies prior to receipt of an
          approved award under the Plan, the award will be paid to such
          beneficiary or beneficiaries as the Participant has designated in
          writing. The beneficiary designation will state whether payment will
          be made in a lump-sum or in quarterly installments over a specified
          period of time (not to exceed forty calendar quarters). If a
          Participant dies without having a filed a beneficiary designation, the
          award will be paid in a lump-sum to the Participant's estate.

     C.   Deferral of Payment. Any Participant may elect to defer payment, not
          to exceed 85%, of any award under this Plan by filing an irrevocable
          Election to Defer Payment with the Company by a date determined by the
          Company. Awards or portions elected to be deferred will be invested in
          accounts under the Company's savings plans as directed by the
          participants.

X.   Modification, Suspension or Termination of Plan.

     The Board of Directors may at any time suspend, terminate, modify or amend
     any or all of the provisions of this Plan.

XI.  Governing Law.

     The Plan is governed by the laws of the State of New York.

XII. Tax Withholding.




<PAGE>


     The Company will deduct from any award made under the Plan, a sufficient
     amount to cover withholding of any federal, state, local or foreign
     jurisdiction taxes required by law, or to take such other action as may be
     necessary to satisfy any such withholding obligations.

XIII. Non-Transferability of Award.

     No award, under this Plan, and no rights or interests therein, will be
     assignable or transferable by a Participant (or legal representative).

XIV. Effective Date.

     This Plan is effective as of January 1, 2002 and continues until
     terminated, suspended, modified, or amended.




<PAGE>


                                                                      Appendix A

                         Industry Financial Performance

                                   Peer Group

o    Boise Cascade

o    Georgia-Pacific

o    Smurfit Stone

o    Stora Enso

o    UPM-Kymmene

o    Westvaco/Mead

o    Weyerhaueser




<PAGE>


                                                                      Appendix B

                        Management Incentive Plan (MIP)
                                 Target Awards

Position Level               Target Award (% of Midpoint)
--------------               ----------------------------
      43                                 100%

      37                                  75%
      36                                  75%
      35                                  70%
      34                                  70%
      33                                  65%
      32                                  65%
      31                                  60%
      30                                  55%
      29                                  50%
      28                                  50%
      27                                  45%
      26                                  45%
      25                                  40%
      24                                  40%
      23                                  35%
      22                                  30%
      21                                  30%
      20                                  25%
      19                                  25%
      18                                  20%
      17                                  15%
      16                                  15%
      15                                  10%
      14                                  10%


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
