<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh10e.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CASH BONUS PLAN
<TEXT>






















































<page>
..
                          Exhibit 10e(ii)
                         SECOND AMENDMENT

                        KAMAN CORPORATION
                         CASH BONUS PLAN
           (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2002)


     WHEREAS, Kaman Corporation (the "Corporation") has previously
adopted a Cash Bonus Plan (Amended and Restated as of January 1,
2002) and a First Amendment thereto dated February 12, 2002
(collectively, the "Plan"); and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation approved a
further amendment to the Plan on November 12, 2002 to provide that
the Plan formula applicable to corporate management utilize the
Russell 2000 index alone rather than in combination with the S&P
600 as it appears that the Corporation's structure is more
closely aligned with the Russell index;

     NOW THEREFORE, the Plan is amended as follows:

     1.  Section 7 of the Plan is hereby deleted and replaced in
its entirety by the following:

7.  Performance Objectives for Corporate Participants.
    a.  Applicability.  The provisions of this Section 7
shall apply to Corporate Participants, i.e. Participants who are
employed by Kaman Corporation at its headquarters location.
Furthermore, the provisions of Section 6 hereof shall not apply
to Corporate Participants.

     b.  In General.  The Modified Target Bonus Opportunity for
Corporate Participants shall be calculated solely based upon the
consolidated performance of the Company, using growth in earnings
per share ("EPS Growth") and return on total capital ("ROI") as
the financial performance goals.  Financial performance is
determined by comparing the EPS Growth and ROI performance of the
Company for the applicable Award Year with the comparable number
for the Russell 2000 index averaged over the prior 5 year period.
For example, for Award Year 2002, the numbers for the Company for
EPS Growth and ROI will be compared to comparable numbers for EPS
Growth and ROI for the Russell 2000 index averaged for 1997 -
2001.  This Section 7 describes the approach to be followed in
determining the Modified Target Bonus Opportunity for Corporate
Participants.  Without limiting the authority provided by Section
10(b), the Plan Administrators are authorized to prescribe
reasonable rules of operation and to resolve any ambiguities or
matters of interpretation, provided such rules and
interpretations are consistent with the approach provided herein.



                               Page 1
<page>

Furthermore, the Personnel and Compensation Committee is
authorized to include or exclude special items in determining the
Company's EPS Growth and/or ROI performance, provided that the
approach taken is followed consistently from year to year.

     c.  EPS Growth.  The EPS Growth for the Company for the
Award Year will be calculated.  Calculation of average EPS Growth
for the Russell 2000 for the prior five (5) years shall also be
made. Percentile rankings shall be developed.  The Personnel and
Compensation Committee shall establish percentages of initial
target bonus opportunity earned for EPS Growth corresponding to
the various percentile rankings.  The percent of the Initial
Target Bonus Opportunity earned for EPS Growth for an Award Year
shall be determined by the Plan Administrators based upon the
percentile ranking of the Company.

     d.  Return on Total Capital.  The ROI for the Company for
the Award Year will be calculated.  Calculations of average ROI
for the Russell 2000 for the prior five (5) years shall also be
made. Percentile rankings shall be developed.  The Personnel and
Compensation Committee shall establish percentages of initial
target bonus opportunity earned for ROI corresponding to the
various percentile rankings.  The percent of the Initial Target
Bonus Opportunity earned for ROI for an Award Year shall be
determined by the Plan Administrators based upon the percentile
ranking of the Company.

     e.  Percentile Calculations.  The percentile ranking of the
Company must be at least 25th for EPS Growth in order to generate
a percentage of initial target bonus opportunity earned for EPS
Growth.  The percentile ranking of the Company must be at least
25th for ROI in order to generate a percentage of initial target
bonus opportunity earned for ROI.  If the Company is in at least
the 75th percentile for either category (EPS Growth or ROI), it
will generate the maximum award with respect to that category.
The Personnel and Compensation Committee may, but shall not be
required to, extend the maximum award earned for either EPS
Growth or ROI, from 100% to a larger percentage.  In making
calculations and determinations hereunder, in no event will the
25th percentile for EPS Growth or ROI for the Russell 2000 5 year
average be considered to be less than zero.

     f.  Computation of Modified Target Bonus Opportunity.  The
percentages of Initial Target Bonus Opportunity earned for EPS
Growth and ROI, determined in accordance with the foregoing,
shall be added together.  This combined percentage may be greater
than 100%.  This combined percentage, when multiplied by a
Corporate Participant's Initial Target Bonus Opportunity, shall





                               Page 2
<page>

equal the Corporate Participant's Modified Target Bonus
Opportunity.

     2.  Effective Date.  This Amendment shall take effect
beginning with the 2003 Award Year.

     3.  Capitalized Terms.  Capitalized terms not defined herein
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan.

     4.  Full Force and Effect.  Except as modified and amended
by this document, the Plan remains in full force and effect.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Kaman Corporation has caused this Second
Amendment to be executed this 21st day of March, 2003.


ATTEST:                           KAMAN CORPORATION

/s/ Candace A. Clark                 /s/ Robert M. Garneau
----------------------            By ----------------------------
                                     Its Executive Vice President
                                         & CFO































                               Page 3
<page>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
