<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>






















































<page>

                            Exhibit 10a

                         KAMAN CORPORATION
                     1993 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

               As Amended effective February 25, 2003

     1.  Purpose.  This Plan is designed to (a) give directors,
officers and key employees of the Corporation and other persons
an expanded opportunity to acquire stock in the Corporation or
receive other long-term incentive remuneration in order that they
may better participate in the Corporation's growth and be
motivated to remain with the Corporation and promote its further
development and success and (b) better align total compensation
of executives of the Corporation with shareholder interests
through Long-Term Performance Awards subject to specific
performance criteria.  The Plan includes the continuation of
certain predecessor plans, herein defined.

     2.  Definitions.  The following terms shall have the
meanings given below unless the context otherwise requires:

         (a)  "Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

         (b)  "Award" or "Awards" except where referring to a
particular category of grant under the Plan shall include
Incentive Stock Options, Non-Statutory Stock Options, Stock
Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards and Long-Term
Performance Awards.

         (c)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

         (d)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time, and any successor Code, and related
rules, regulations and interpretations.

         (e)  "Committee" means the committee of the Board
established under Section 9 hereof.

         (f)  "Corporation" means Kaman Corporation.

         (g)  "Covered Employee" means a Participant whom the
Committee designates, for each Performance Period, in order to
meet the Section 162(m) Exemption.

         (h)  "Disability" or "Disabled" means disability or
disabled as defined by Code Section 22(e)(3).




                               Page 1
<page>

         (i)  "Eligible Person" means any person, including a
person who is not an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
or entity who satisfies all the eligibility requirements set
forth in either Section 3(a) or 3(b) hereof, excluding, however,
any member of the Committee and any alternate member of the
Committee.

         (j)  "Federal Income Tax Regulations" means the federal
income tax regulations that implement the Code, as they may be
amended from time to time and any corresponding successor
regulations.

         (k)  "Fair Market Value" of the Stock on any given date
shall be the mean between the highest and lowest quoted selling
prices of the Stock in the NASDAQ National Market System on such
date. If there were no sales on the valuation date, "Fair Market
Value" shall be the closing price of the Stock in the NASDAQ
National Market System on the most recent trading day preceding
the valuation date on which sales of the Stock occurred.

         (l)  "First Predecessor Plan" means the Kaman
Corporation 1973 Stock Option Plan.

         (m)  "Incentive Stock Option" means a stock option
qualifying under the provisions of Section 422 of the Code.

         (n)  "Long-Term Performance Award" means an award under
Section 9(a) below.  A Long-Term Performance Award shall permit
the recipient to receive a bonus payable in cash, stock or a
combination of cash and stock (as determined by the Committee)
upon satisfaction of such performance factors as are set out in
the recipient's individual grant.  Long-Term Performance Awards
will be based upon the achievement of Corporation, Subsidiary
and/or individual performance factors or upon such other criteria
as the Committee may deem appropriate.

         (o)  "Non-Employee Director" means an individual who is
an "outside director," as described in Federal Income Tax
Regulations Section 1.162-27(e)(3), and also meets the
requirements of Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i) promulgated under the Act,
and any successor to such rule.

         (p)  "Non-Employee Director Participant" means an
Eligible Person, who at the time of grant of an Award is a
director of the Corporation but not an employee of the
Corporation or a Subsidiary.

         (q)  "Non-Statutory Option" means a stock option not
qualifying for incentive stock option treatment under the
provisions of Section 422 of the Code.



                               Page 2
<page>


         (r)  "Optionee" means the holder of any option granted
under the Plan.

         (s)  "Participant" means the holder of any Award
granted under the Plan.

         (t)  "Performance Period" is defined in Section 9(a).

         (u)  "Plan" means the Kaman Corporation 1993 Stock
Incentive Plan.

         (v)  "Principal Shareholder" means any individual
owning stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the
Corporation or of any Subsidiary.

         (w)  "Qualified Performance-Based Award" means (i) a
Long-Term Performance Award or Restricted Stock Award that is
intended to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption and is made
subject to objective performance goals based on Qualified
Performance Criteria as set forth in Section 15(d), or (ii)
an Option or SAR having an exercise price equal to or greater
than the Fair Market Value of the underlying Stock as of the date
it is granted.

         (x)  "Qualified Performance Criteria" means one or more
of the performance criteria listed in Section 15(d)(ii) upon
which performance goals for certain Qualified Performance-Based
Awards may be established by the Committee and which meet the
requirements for the Section 162(m) Exemption.

         (y)  "Restricted Stock" means Stock received pursuant
to a Restricted Stock Award.

         (z)  "Restricted Stock Award" is defined in Section
8(a).

         (aa)  "Second Predecessor Plan" means the Kaman
Corporation 1983 Stock Incentive Plan.

         (bb)  "Section 162(m) Exemption" means the exemption
from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Section 162(m) of
the Code that is set forth in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.

         (cc)  "Stock" or "shares" means shares of Class A
Common Stock of the Corporation.

         (dd)  "Stock Appreciation Right" or "Right" means a
right described in Section 7.



                               Page 3
<page>

         (ee)  "Subsidiary" means any corporation within the
meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code.

     3.  Eligibility.

         (a)  Incentive Stock Options.  Incentive Stock Options
may be granted to any Eligible Persons who are full-time,
salaried employees of the Corporation or a Subsidiary and who in
the sole opinion of the Committee are, from time to time,
responsible for the management and/or growth of all or part of
the business of the Corporation.

         (b)  Awards Other than Incentive Stock Options.
Awards, other than Incentive Stock Options, may be granted to any
Eligible Persons who in the sole opinion of the Committee are,
from time to time, responsible for the growth and/or the
management of all or a part of the business of the Corporation or
Subsidiary.

         (c)  Substitute Awards.  The Committee, in its
discretion, may also grant Awards in substitution for any stock
incentive awards previously granted by companies acquired by the
Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries.  Such substitute awards
may be granted on such terms and conditions as the Committee
deems appropriate in the circumstances, provided, however, that
substitute Incentive Stock Options shall be granted only in
accordance with the Code.

     4.  Term of Plan.  The Plan, became effective on November 1,
1993 and shall continue to be effective for ten (10) years
thereafter, expiring on October 31, 2003.

     5.  Stock Subject to the Plan.  The aggregate number of
shares of Stock which may be issued pursuant to all Awards
granted under the Plan shall not exceed 2,210,000 shares of
Stock, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided in Section
10, which shall be in addition to all shares of Stock issued or
reserved for issuance pursuant to options granted under the First
Predecessor Plan and the Second Predecessor Plan, and which may
be treasury shares or authorized but unissued shares.  In the
event that any Award under the Plan for any reason expires, is
terminated, forfeited, reacquired by the Corporation, or
satisfied without the issuance of Stock (except in the cases of
(i) Stock otherwise issuable under an Award but retained by the
Corporation for payment of withholding taxes under Section 14(b)
hereof; (ii) Stock otherwise issuable under a stock option but
for which the Corporation has made a discretionary payment under
Section 7(d) hereof and (iii) Stock underlying any Incentive
Stock Option, Non-Statutory Option, or Stock Appreciation Right
that is cancelled in connection with a repricing of the exercise
price thereunder) the shares allocable to the unexercised portion


                               Page 4
<page>
..
of such Award may again be made subject to an Award under the
Plan.  Any award of a Stock Appreciation Right, to the extent
that such Stock Appreciation Right may be settled only for cash,
shall not be deemed to reduce the aggregate number of shares of
Stock authorized to be issued pursuant to Awards granted under
the Plan.

     6.  Stock Options.  The following terms and conditions shall
apply to each option granted under the Plan and shall be set
forth in a stock option agreement between the Corporation and the
Optionee together with such other term and conditions not
inconsistent herewith as the Committee may deem appropriate in
the case of each Optionee:

         (a)  Option Price.  The purchase price under each
Incentive Stock Option shall be as determined by the Committee
but not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of the shares
subject to such option on the date of grant, provided that such
option price shall not be less than 110% of such Fair Market
Value in the case of any Incentive Stock Option granted to a
Principal Shareholder.  The purchase price per share of Stock
deliverable upon the exercise of a Non-Statutory Option shall be
determined by the Committee, but shall not be less than 85% of
the Fair Market Value of such Stock on the date of grant and in
no event less than the par value per share of such Stock.

         (b)  Type of Option.  All options granted under the
Plan shall be either Incentive Stock Options or Non-Statutory
Options.  All provisions of the Plan applicable to Incentive
Stock Options shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with
the provisions of, and regulations under, Section 422 of the
Code.

         (c) Period of Incentive Stock Option.  Each Incentive
Stock Option shall have a term not in excess of ten (10) years
from the date on which it is granted, except in the case of any
Incentive Stock Option granted to a Principal Shareholder which
shall have a term not in excess of five (5) years from the date
on which it is granted; provided that any Incentive Stock Option
granted or the unexercised portion thereof, to the extent
exercisable at the time of termination of employment, shall
terminate at the close of business on the day three (3) months
following the date on which the Optionee ceases to be employed by
the Corporation or a Subsidiary unless sooner expired or unless a
longer period is provided under Subsection (g) of this Section in
the event of the death or Disability of such an Optionee.

         (d)  Period of Non-Statutory Option.  Each Non-
Statutory Option granted under the Plan shall have a term not in
excess of ten (10) years and one (1) day from the date on which
it is granted; provided that any Non-Statutory Option granted to


                               Page 5
<page>

an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary or to a Non-
Employee Director Participant, or the unexercised portion thereof
shall terminate not later than the close of business on the day
one (1) year following the date on which such employee ceases to
be employed by the Corporation or a Subsidiary or the date on
which such Non-Employee Director ceases to be a director of the
Corporation, as the case may be.  Such an Optionee's Non-
Statutory Option shall be exercisable, if at all, during such one
(1) year period only to the extent exercisable on the date such
Optionee's employment terminates or the date on which such
Optionee ceases to be a director, as the case may be.

         (e)  Exercise of Option.

              (i)  Each option granted under the Plan shall
     become exercisable on such date or dates and in such amount
     or amounts as the Committee shall determine.  In the absence
     of any other provision by the Committee, each option granted
     under the Plan shall be exercisable with respect to not more
     than twenty percent (20%) of such shares subject thereto
     after the expiration of one (1) year following the date of
     its grant, and shall be exercisable as to an additional
     twenty percent (20%) of such shares after the expiration of
     each of the succeeding four (4) years, on a cumulative
     basis, so that such option, or any unexercised portion
     thereof, shall be fully exercisable after a period of five
     (5) years following the date of its grant; provided,
     however, that in the absence of any other provision by the
     Committee, each Incentive Stock Option granted to a
     Principal Shareholder shall be exercisable with respect to
     not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares
     subject thereto after the expiration of one (1) year
     following the date of its grant, and shall be exercisable as
     to an additional twenty-five percent (25%) after the
     expiration of each of the succeeding three (3) years, on a
     cumulative basis, so that such option, or any unexercised
     portion thereof, shall be fully exercisable after a period
     of four (4) years following the date of its grant.

              (ii)  The Committee, in its sole discretion,
     may, from time to time and at any time, accelerate the
     vesting provisions of any outstanding option, subject, in
     the case of Incentive Stock Options, to the provisions of
     Subsection (6)(i) relating to "Limit on Incentive Options".

              (iii)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
     contrary, except as provided in subsection (g) of this
     Section, no Optionee who was, at the time of the grant of an
     option, an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary, may
     exercise such option or any part thereof unless at the time
     of such exercise he shall be employed by the Corporation or
     a Subsidiary and shall have been so employed continuously

                               Page 6
<page>

     since the date of grant of such option, excepting leaves of
     absence approved by the Committee; provided that the option
     agreement (i) in the case of Incentive Stock Options may
     provide that such an Optionee may exercise his option, to
     the extent exercisable on the date of termination of such
     continuous employment, during the three (3) month period,
     ending at the close of business on the day three (3) months
     following the termination of such continuous employment
     unless such option shall have already expired by its term,
     and (ii) in the case of Non-Statutory Options may provide
     that such an Optionee may exercise his option, to the extent
     exercisable on the date of termination of such continuous
     employment, during the one (1) year period ending at the
     close of business on the day one (1) year following the
     termination of such continuous employment, unless such
     option shall have already expired by its term.

              (iv) An option shall be exercised in accordance
     with the related stock option agreement by serving written
     notice of exercise on the Corporation accompanied by full
     payment of the purchase price in cash.  As determined by the
     Committee, in its discretion, at (or, in the case of Non-
     Statutory Options, at or after) the time of grant, payment
     in full or in part may also be made by delivery of (i)
     irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to
     the Corporation the amount of sale or loan proceeds to pay
     the exercise price, or (ii) previously owned shares of Stock
     not then subject to restrictions under any Corporation plan
     (but which may include shares the disposition of which
     constitutes a disqualifying disposition for purposes of
     obtaining incentive stock option treatment for federal tax
     purposes), or (iii) shares of Stock otherwise receivable
     upon the exercise of such option; provided, however, that in
     the event the Committee shall determine in any given
     instance that the exercise of such option by withholding
     shares otherwise receivable would be unlawful, unduly
     burdensome or otherwise inappropriate, the Committee may
     require that such exercise be accomplished in another
     acceptable manner.  For purposes of this subsection (iv),
     such surrendered shares shall be valued at the closing price
     of the Stock in the NASDAQ National Market System on the
     most recent trading day preceding the date of exercise on
     which sales of the Stock occurred.

         (f)  Nontransferability.  No option granted under the
Plan shall be transferable by the Optionee otherwise than by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution, and such option shall
be exercisable, during his lifetime, only by him.





                               Page 7
<page>

         (g)  Death or Disability of Optionee.  In the event of
the death or Disability of an Optionee while in the employ of the
Corporation or a Subsidiary or while serving as a director of the
Corporation, his stock option or the unexercised portion thereof
may be exercised within the period of one (1) year succeeding his
death or Disability, but in no event later than (i) ten (10)
years (five (5) years in the case of a Principal Shareholder)
from the date the option was granted in the case of an Incentive
Stock Option, and (ii) ten (10) years and one (1) day in the case
of a Non-Statutory Option, by the person or persons designated in
the Optionee's will for that purpose or in the absence of any
such designation, by the legal representative of his estate, or
by the legal representative of the Optionee, as the case may be.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and in the
absence of any contrary provision by the Committee, during the
one-year period following termination of employment or cessation
as a director by reason of death or Disability, an Optionee's
stock option shall continue to vest in accordance with its terms
and be and become exercisable as if employment or service as a
director had not ceased.

         (h)  Shareholder Rights.  No Optionee shall be entitled
to any rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares subject
to his option prior to the date of issuance to him of a stock
certificate representing such shares.

         (i)  Limit on Incentive Stock Options.  The
aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time an option is
granted) of shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options
granted to an employee are exercisable for the first time by such
employee during any calendar year (under all incentive stock
option plans of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries to the
extent required under the Code) shall not exceed $100,000.

         (j)  Notification of Disqualifying Disposition.
Participants granted Incentive Stock Options shall undertake, in
the Incentive Stock Option agreements, as a precondition to the
granting of such option by the Corporation, to promptly notify
the Corporation in the event of a disqualifying disposition
(within the meaning of the Code) of any shares acquired pursuant
to such Incentive Stock Option agreement and provide the
Corporation with all relevant information related thereto.

7.  Stock Appreciation Rights; Discretionary Payments.


         (a)  Nature of Stock Appreciation Right.  A Stock
Appreciation Right is an Award entitling the Participant to
receive an amount in cash or shares of Stock (or forms of payment
permitted under Section 7(d) hereof) or a combination thereof, as
determined by the Committee at the time of grant, having a value
equal to (or if the Committee shall so determine at time of

                               Page 8
<page>

grant, less than) the excess of the closing price of the Stock on
the NASDAQ National Market System on the most recent trading day
preceding the date of exercise on which sales of the Stock
occurred over the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the
date of grant (or over the option exercise price, if the Stock
Appreciation Right was granted in tandem with a stock option)
multiplied by the number of shares with respect to which the
Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised.

         (b)  Grant and Exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights.

              (i)  Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in
     tandem with, or independently of, any stock option granted
     under the Plan.  In the case of a Stock Appreciation Right
     granted in tandem with a Non-Statutory Option, such Right
     may be granted either at or after the time of grant of such
     option.  In the case of a Stock Appreciation Right granted
     in tandem with an Incentive Stock Option such Right may be
     granted only at the time of the grant of such option.  A
     Stock Appreciation Right or applicable portion thereof
     granted in tandem with a given stock option shall terminate
     and no longer be exercisable upon the termination or
     exercise of the related stock option, except that a Stock
     Appreciation Right granted with respect to less than the
     full number of shares covered by a related stock option
     shall not be reduced until the exercise or termination of
     the related stock option exceeds the number of shares not
     covered by the Stock Appreciation Right.

              (ii)  Each Stock Appreciation Right granted under
     the Plan shall become exercisable on such date or dates and
     in such amount or amounts as the Committee shall determine;
     provided, however, that any Stock Appreciation Right granted
     in tandem with a stock option shall be exercisable in
     relative proportion to and to the extent that such related
     stock option is exercisable; provided further, however,
     that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any
     Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Non-
     Statutory Option which has a purchase price at the date of
     grant of less than Fair Market Value shall not be
     exercisable at all until at least one (1) year after the
     date of grant of such option.  Except as provided in the
     immediately preceding sentence, in the absence of any other
     provision by the Committee, each Stock Appreciation Right
     granted under the Plan shall be exercisable with respect to
     not more than twenty percent (20%) of such shares subject
     thereto after the expiration of one (1) year following the
     date of its grant, and shall be exercisable as to an
     additional twenty percent (20%) of such shares after the
     expiration of each of the succeeding four (4) years, on a
     cumulative basis, so that such Right, or any unexercised
     portion thereof, shall be fully exercisable after a period

                               Page 9
<page>

     of five (5) years following the date of its grant.  The
     Committee, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time
     and at any time, accelerate the vesting provisions of any
     outstanding Stock Appreciation Right.

              (iii)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
     contrary, except as provided in subsections (c)(v) and
     (c)(vi) of this Section, no Participant who was, at the time
     of the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right, an employee of
     the Corporation or a Subsidiary, may exercise such Right or
     any part thereof unless at the time of such exercise, he
     shall be employed by the Corporation or a Subsidiary and
     shall have been so employed continuously since the date of
     grant of such Right, excepting leaves of absence approved by
     the Committee; provided that the Stock Appreciation Right
     agreement may provide that such a Participant may exercise
     his Stock Appreciation Right, to the extent exercisable on
     the date of termination of such continuous employment,
     during the one (1) year period ending at the close of
     business on the day one (1) year following the termination
     of such continuous employment, unless such Right shall have
     already expired by its terms.

               (iv)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
     contrary, except as provided in subsections (c)(v) and
     (c)(vi) of this Section, no Non-Employee Director
     Participant may exercise a Stock Appreciation Right or part
     thereof unless at the time of such exercise he shall be a
     director of the Corporation and shall have been a director
     of the Corporation continuously since the date of grant of
     such Right excepting leaves of absence approved by the
     Committee; provided that the Stock Appreciation Right
     agreement may provide that such Participant may exercise his
     Stock Appreciation Right, to the extent exercisable on the
     date he ceased to be a director of the Corporation, during
     the one (1) year period ending at the close of business on
     the day one (1) year following the cessation of such
     continuous service as a director unless such Right shall
     already have expired by its terms.

              (v)  A Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercised
     in accordance with the related Stock Appreciation Right
     Agreement by serving written notice of exercise on the
     Corporation.

         (c)  Terms and Conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights.
Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such terms and
conditions as shall be determined from time to time by the
Committee, subject to the following:




                               Page 10
<page>

              (i)  Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem
     with stock options shall be exercisable only at such time or
     times and to the extent that the related stock options shall
     be exercisable;

              (ii)  Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation
     Right, the applicable portion of any related stock option
     shall be surrendered.

              (iii)  Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem
     with a stock option shall be transferable only with such
     option.  Stock Appreciation Rights shall not be transferable
     otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and
     distribution.  All Stock Appreciation Rights shall be
     exercisable during the Participant's lifetime only by the
     Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

              (iv)  A Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem
     with a stock option may be exercised only when the then Fair
     Market Value of the Stock subject to the stock option
     exceeds the exercise price of such option.  A Stock
     Appreciation Right not granted in tandem with a stock option
     may be exercised only when the then Fair Market Value of the
     Stock exceeds the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the date
     of grant of such Right.

              (v)  Each Stock Appreciation Right shall have a
     term not in excess of ten (10) years from the date on which
     it is granted (ten (10) years and one (1) day in the case of
     a Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Non-
     Statutory Option); provided that any Stock Appreciation
     Right granted to (aa) an employee of the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary shall terminate not later than the close of
     business on the day one (1) year following the date such
     Participant ceases to be employed by the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary, excepting leaves of absences approved by the
     Committee, and (bb) a Non-Employee Director Participant
     shall terminate not later than the close of business on the
     day one (1) year following the date such Participant ceases
     to be a director of the Corporation.  Such a Participant's
     Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable, if at all,
     during such one (1) year period only to the extent
     exercisable on the date his employment terminates or the
     date he ceases to be a director, as the case may be.

              (vi)  In the event of the death or Disability of a
     Participant while in the employ of the Corporation or a
     Subsidiary or while serving as a director of the
     Corporation, his Stock Appreciation Right or the unexercised
     portion thereof may be exercised within the period of one
     (1) year succeeding his death or Disability, but in no event


                               Page 11
<page>

     later than (i) ten (10) years from the date on which it was
     granted (ten (10) years and one (1) day in the case of a
     Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with a Non-
     Statutory Option), by the person or persons designated in
     the Participant's will for that purpose or in the absence of
     any such designation, by the legal representative of his
     estate, or by the legal representative of the Participant,
     as the case may be.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
     contrary and in the absence of any contrary provision by the
     Committee, during the one-year period following termination
     of employment or cessation as a director by reason of death
     or Disability, a Participant's Stock Appreciation Right
     shall continue to vest in accordance with its terms and be
     and become exercisable as if employment or service as a
     director had not ceased.

         (d)  Discretionary Payments.  Upon the written request
of an Optionee whose stock option is not accompanied by a Stock
Appreciation Right, the Committee may, in its discretion, cancel
such option if the Fair Market Value of the shares subject to the
option at the exercise date exceeds the exercise price thereof;
in that event, the Corporation shall pay to the Optionee an
amount equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of
the shares subject to the cancelled option (determined as of the
date the option is cancelled) and the exercise price.  Such
payment shall be by check or in Stock having a Fair Market Value
(determined on the date the payment is to be made) equal to the
amount of such payments or any combination thereof, as determined
by the Committee.

     8.  Restricted Stock.

         (a)  Nature of Restricted Stock Award.  A Restricted
Stock Award is an Award entitling the Participant to receive
shares of Stock, subject to such conditions, including a
Corporation right during a specified period or periods to require
forfeiture of such shares upon the Participant's termination of
employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary or cessation as a
director of the Corporation, as the case may be, as the Committee
may determine at the time of grant.  The Committee, in its sole
discretion, may, from time to time and at any time, waive any or
all restrictions and/or conditions contained in the Restricted
Stock Award agreement.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Committee, in its discretion, may grant Restricted
Stock without any restrictions or conditions whatsoever.
Restricted Stock shall be granted in respect of past services or
other valid consideration.

         (b)  Award Agreement.  A Participant who is
granted a Restricted Stock Award shall have no rights with
respect to such Award unless the Participant shall have accepted


                               Page 12
<page>

the Award within 60 days (or such shorter date as the Committee
may specify) following the Award date by executing and delivering
to the Corporation a Restricted Stock Award Agreement in such
form as the Committee shall determine.

         (c)  Rights as a Shareholder.  Upon complying with
paragraph (b) above, a Participant shall have all the rights of a
shareholder with respect to the Restricted Stock including voting
and dividend rights, subject to nontransferability and
Corporation forfeiture rights described in this Section 8 and
subject to any other conditions contained in the Award agreement.
Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, certificates
evidencing shares of Restricted Stock shall remain in the
possession of the Corporation until such shares are free of any
restrictions under the Plan.  The Committee in its discretion
may, as a precondition of the Corporation's obligation to issue a
Restricted Stock Award, require the Participant to execute a
stock power or powers or other agreement or instruments necessary
or advisable in connection with the Corporation's forfeiture
rights with respect to such shares.

         (d)  Restrictions.  Shares of Restricted Stock may not
be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of or
pledged or otherwise encumbered.  In the event of termination of
employment of the Participant with the Corporation or a
Subsidiary for any reason, or cessation as a director of the
Corporation in the case of a Non-Employee Director Participant,
such shares shall be forfeited to the Corporation, except as set
forth below:

              (i)  The Committee at the time of grant shall
     specify the date or dates (which may depend upon or be
     related to the attainment of performance goals and other
     conditions) on which the nontransferability of the
     Restricted Stock and the Corporation's forfeiture rights
     with respect thereto shall lapse.  The Committee at any time
     may accelerate such date or dates and otherwise waive or,
     subject to Section 13, amend any conditions of the Award.

              (ii)  Except as may otherwise be provided in the
     Award agreement, in the event of termination of a
     Participant with the Corporation or a Subsidiary for any
     reason or cessation as a director of the Corporation for any
     reason, all of the Participant's Restricted Stock shall be
     forfeited to the Corporation without the necessity of any
     further act by the Corporation, the Participant or the
     Participant's legal representative; provided, however, that
     in the event of termination of employment or cessation of
     service as a director of the Corporation by reason of death
     or Disability, all conditions and restrictions relating to a
     Restricted Stock Award held by such a Participant shall
     thereupon be waived and shall lapse.

                               Page 13
<page>

              (iii)  In the absence of any other provision by
     the Committee, each Restricted Stock Award granted to (A) an
     employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary shall be subject
     to forfeiture to the Corporation conditioned on the
     Participant's continued employment and (B) Non-Employee
     Director Participants shall be subject to forfeiture to the
     Corporation conditioned on the Participant's continued
     service as a director of the Corporation, and in the case of
     clause (A) or (B), such forfeiture rights shall lapse as
     follows:  with respect to twenty percent (20%) of the shares
     subject to the Restricted Stock Award on the date one year
     following the date of grant, and with respect to an
     additional twenty percent (20%) of such shares after the
     expiration of each of the succeeding four (4) years
     thereafter, on a cumulative basis, so that such Restricted
     Stock shall be free of such risk of forfeiture on the date
     five (5) years following the date of its grant.

              (e)  Performance-Based Award.  In the discretion
     of the Committee, the Corporation's forfeiture rights with
     respect to Restricted Stock award to a Covered Employee may
     be based upon Qualified Performance Criteria and the
     Restricted Stock Award may be designated as a Qualified
     Performance-Based Award.

              (f)  Waiver, Deferral, and Investment of
     Dividends.  The Restricted Stock Award agreement may require
     or permit the immediate payment, waiver, deferral or
     investment of dividends paid with respect to the Restricted
     Stock.

     9.  Long-Term Performance Awards.

         (a)  Awards.  Long-Term Performance Awards are awards
payable in cash, stock or a combination of cash and stock that
may be granted either alone, in addition to or in tandem with
other Awards granted under the Plan and/or awards made outside of
the Plan.  Long-Term Performance Awards shall not require payment
by the recipient of any consideration for the Long-Term
Performance Award or for shares of Stock, if any, covered by such
Award.  The Committee shall determine the nature, length and
starting date of any performance period (the "Performance
Period") for each Long-Term Performance Award and shall determine
the performance and/or employment factors to be used in the
determination of the value of Long-Term Performance Awards and
the extent to which such Long-Term Performance Award may be made
subject to various conditions, including vesting or forfeiture
provisions.  Long-Term Performance Awards may vary from
Participant to Participant and between groups of Participants and
shall be based upon the achievement of Corporation, Subsidiary
and/or individual performance factors or upon such other criteria
as the Committee may deem appropriate.  Performance Periods may

                               Page 14
<page>

overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with
respect to Long-Term Performance Awards that are subject to
different Performance Periods and different performance factors
and criteria.  Long-Term Performance Awards shall be confirmed
by, and be subject to the terms of, a written Long-Term
Performance Award agreement.

         (b)  Value of Awards.  At the beginning of each
Performance Period, the Committee may determine for each Long-
Term Performance Award subject to such Performance Period the
range of dollar values and/or numbers or dollar values of shares
of Common Stock to be issued to the Participant at the end of the
Performance Period if and to the extent that the relevant
measures of performance for such Long-Term Performance Award are
met.  Such dollar values or numbers of shares of Common Stock may
be fixed or may vary in accordance with such performance or other
criteria as may be determined by the Committee.

         (c)  Adjustment of Awards.  Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 9(a) hereof, the Committee may, after the
grant of Long-Term Performance Awards, adjust the performance
factors applicable to such Long-Term Performance Awards to take
into account changes in the law or in accounting or tax rules and
to make such adjustments as the Committee deems necessary or
appropriate to reflect the inclusion or exclusion of the impact
of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances in
order to avoid windfalls or hardships to Participants.

         (d)  Termination.

              (i)  Unless otherwise provided in the applicable
     Long-Term Performance Award agreement, if a Participant
     terminates his or her employment or his or her consultancy
     during a Performance Period because of death or Disability,
     the Committee may in its discretion provide for an earlier
     payment in settlement of such award, which payment may be in
     such amount and under such terms and conditions as the
     Committee deems appropriate.

              (ii) Unless otherwise provided in the applicable
     Long-Term Performance Award agreement, if a Participant
     terminates employment or his or her consultancy during a
     Performance Period for any reason other than death or
     Disability, then such a Participant shall not be entitled to
     any payment with respect to the Long-Term Performance Award
     subject to such Performance Period, unless the Committee
     shall otherwise determine in its discretion.

         (e)  Form of Payment.  The earned portion of a Long-
Term Performance Award shall be paid in cash within two hundred
seventy (270) days following the close of the applicable
Performance Period, provided that the Committee may elect to pay

                               Page 15
<page>

up to one-third (1/3) of such amount in whole shares of stock or,
at the discretion of the Committee, such earned portion may be
paid in whole shares of Stock to the extent requested by the
Participant.  Any such shares of Stock shall be valued at their
Fair Market Value at the close of business on the most recent
trading day preceding the date of such payment.

         (f)  Reservation of Shares.  In the event that the
Committee grants a Long-Term Performance Award that is payable in
cash or Stock, the Committee may (but need not) reserve an
appropriate number of shares of Stock under the Plan at the time
of grant of the Long-Term Performance Award.  If, and to the
extent that the full amount reserved is not actually paid in
Stock, the shares of Stock representing the portion of the
reserve for that Long-Term Performance Award shall again become
available for award under the Plan.  If shares of Stock are not
reserved by the Committee at the time of grant, then (i) no
shares shall be deducted from the number of shares available for
grant under the Plan at that time and (ii) at the time of payment
of the Long-Term Performance Award, only the number of shares
actually issued to the Participant shall be so deducted.  If
there are not a sufficient number of shares available under the
Plan for issuance to a Participant at the time of payment of a
Long-Term Performance Award, any shortfall shall be paid by the
Corporation in cash.

     10.  The Committee.

         (a)  Administration.  The Committee shall be a
committee of not less than three (3) members of the Board who are
Non-Employee Directors, appointed by the Board.  Vacancies
occurring in membership of the Committee shall be filled by the
Board.  The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings.  One or
more members of the Committee may participate in a meeting of the
Committee by means of conference telephone or similar
communications equipment provided all persons participating in
the meeting can hear one another.  A majority of the entire
Committee shall constitute a quorum, and the acts of a majority
of the members present at or so participating in any meeting at
which a quorum is constituted shall be the acts of the Committee.
The Committee may act without meeting by unanimous written
consent.  Absent some other provision by the Board, the power and
responsibilities of the Committee shall be vested in and assumed
by the Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board,
provided the members hereof are all Non-Employee Directors.

          (b)  Authority of Committee.  Subject to the provisions
of the Plan, the Committee shall have full and final authority to
determine the persons to whom Awards shall be granted, the number
of shares to be subject to each Award, the term of the Award, the
vesting provisions of the Award, if any, restrictions on the
Award, if any, and the price at which the shares subject thereto

                               Page 16
<page>

may be purchased.  The Committee is empowered, in its discretion,
to modify, extend or renew any Award theretofore granted and
adopt such rules and regulations and take such other action as it
shall deem necessary or proper for the administration of the
Plan.  The Compensation Committee must certify in writing prior
to the payment of any compensation to a Covered Employee from a
Qualified Performance-Based Award that Qualified Performance
Criteria were met, all in the manner provided by Federal Income
Tax Regulations Section 1.162-27(e)(5).  The Committee shall have
full power and authority to construe, interpret and administer
the Plan, and the decisions of the Committee shall be final and
binding upon all interested parties.  No members of the Committee
shall be liable for any action taken or not taken or decision
made or not made all in good faith, relating to the Plan or any
award thereunder.

     11.  Adjustments.  Any limitations, restrictions or other
provisions of this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, each
Award agreement shall make such provision, if any, as the
Committee may deem appropriate for the adjustment of the terms
and provisions thereof (including, without limitation, terms and
provisions relating to the exercise price and the number and
class of shares subject to the Award) in the event of any merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend,
divisive reorganization, issuance of rights, combination or
split-up or exchange of shares, or the like.  In the event of any
merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock
dividend, divisive reorganization, issuance of rights,
combination or split-up or exchange of shares, or the like, the
Committee shall make an appropriate adjustment in the number of
shares authorized to be issued pursuant to the Plan.

     12.  Options Under First Predecessor Plan and Second
Predecessor Plan.  Options presently outstanding which have been
granted under either the First Predecessor Plan or the Second
Predecessor Plan shall continue to be governed and interpreted
under the terms of such plans, respectively, and not by the terms
hereof.

     13.  Amendment to and Termination of the Plan.  The Board
may from time to time amend the Plan in such way as it shall deem
advisable provided the Board may not extend the expiration date
of the Plan, change the class of Eligible Persons, increase the
maximum Award term, decrease the minimum exercise price or
increase the total number of authorized shares (except in
accordance with Section 10 hereof) for which Awards may be
granted.  The Board, in its discretion, may at any time terminate
the Plan prior to its expiration in accordance with Section 4
hereof.  No amendment to or termination of the Plan shall in any
way adversely affect Awards then outstanding hereunder.



                               Page 17
<page>

     14.  Status of Plan.  Until shares pursuant to an Award or
exercise thereof are actually delivered to a Participant, a
Participant shall have no rights to or with respect to such
shares greater than those of a general creditor of the
Corporation unless the Committee shall otherwise expressly
determine in connection with any Award or Awards.

     15.  General Provisions.

          (a)  Other Compensation Arrangements; No Right to
Receive Awards; No Employment or Other Rights.  Nothing contained
in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or
additional capital stock based compensation arrangements, subject
to stockholder approval if such approval is required, and such
arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable
only in specific cases.  No Eligible Person shall have any right
to receive Awards except as the Committee may determine.  The
Plan does not confer upon any employee any right to continued
employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary or upon any
director or officer of the Corporation any right to continued
service as a director or officer of the Corporation, nor does it
interfere in any way with the right of the Corporation or a
Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any of its employees or
for the Corporation to remove a director or officer with or
without cause at any time.

          (b)  Tax Withholding, Etc.  Any obligation of the
Corporation to issue shares pursuant to the grant or exercise of
any Award shall be conditioned on the Participant having paid or
made provision for payment of all applicable tax withholding
obligations, if any, satisfactory to the Committee.  The
Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted
by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment
of any kind otherwise due to the Participant.  In the case of
Non-Statutory Options, and Stock Appreciation Rights exercisable
only for Stock, the Committee in its discretion, but only upon
the written request of a Participant exercising such an Award,
may permit such Participant to satisfy federal income tax
withholding requirements occasioned by the exercise thereof by
the surrender of shares otherwise to be received on the exercise
of such Award.  For purposes of this subsection (b), such
surrendered shares shall be valued at the closing price of the
Stock in the NASDAQ National Market System on the most recent
trading day preceding the date of exercise on which sales of the
Stock occurred.

          (c)  Section 83(b) of the Code.  Participants may not
make, and each Award agreement shall prohibit, an election under
Section 83(b) of the Code, with respect to any Award.

          (d)  Section 162(m) Exemption.  When granting any Long-
Term Performance Award, Restricted Stock Award, or other Award

                               Page 18
<page>

(other than Options or SARs), the Committee may designate such
Award as a Qualified Performance-Based Award, based upon a
determination that the recipient is or may be a Covered Employee
with respect to such Award, and the Committee wishes such Award
to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption.  If an Award is so
designated, the Committee shall establish performance goals for
such Award within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of
the Code based on one or more of the following Qualified
Performance Criteria, which may be expressed in terms of an
objective formula or standard that relates to Corporation-wide
objectives or objectives that relate to the performance of a
Subsidiary or a division, region, department or function within
the Corporation or a Subsidiary: (1) earnings per share, (2)
EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization), (3) EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes), (4)
economic profit, (5) cash flow, (6) sales growth, (7) net profit
before tax (8) gross profit, (9) operating income or profit, (10)
return on equity, (11) return on assets, (12) return on capital,
(13) changes in working capital, or (14) shareholder return.

          (e)  Restrictions on Transfers of Shares.  Although the
Corporation presently intends to register under applicable
securities laws all shares acquired or received by Participants
under the Plan, the Corporation is not required to cause such
shares to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or the
securities laws of any State.  Accordingly, the shares acquired
or received may be "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144
under said Securities Act of 1933 or other rule or regulation of
the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Any certificate
evidencing any such shares may bear a legend restricting the
transfer of such shares, and the recipient may be required to
assert that the shares are being acquired for his own account and
not with a view to the distribution thereof as a condition to the
granting or exercise of an Award.

          (f)  Issuance of Shares.  Any obligation of the
Corporation to issue shares pursuant to the grant or exercise of
any Award shall be conditioned on the Corporation's ability at
nominal expense to issue such shares in compliance with all
applicable statutes, rules or regulations of any governmental
authority.  The Participant shall provide the Corporation with
any assurances or agreements which the Committee, in its sole
discretion, shall deem necessary or advisable in order that the
issuance of such shares shall comply with any such statutes,
rules or regulations.

          (g)  Date of Grant.  The date on which each Award under
the Plan shall be considered as having been granted shall be the
date on which the award is authorized by the Committee, unless a
later date is specified by the Committee; provided, however, in
the case of options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock


                               Page 19
<page>

Options, the date of grant shall be determined in accordance with
the Code.

          (h)  Shareholder Approval.  The material terms of any
Qualified Performance-Based Award that have not been approved by
the Shareholders must be disclosed to and approved by the
Shareholders before compensation is paid to a Covered Employee
pursuant to such Award, and such compensation shall be paid to a
Covered Employee only if such material terms are approved by the
Shareholders, all in accordance with Federal Income Tax Regulations
Section 1.162-27(e)(4).









































                               Page 20
<page>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
