<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10d.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>






















































<page>
..
                            EXHIBIT 10d

                         KAMAN CORPORATION
                       AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                (Effective as of November 12, 2002
                 Except Where Otherwise Indicated)

     This Amended and Restated Kaman Corporation Deferred
Compensation Plan is adopted by Kaman Corporation effective
except where otherwise indicated as of November 12, 2002.

     WHEREAS, the Corporation adopted the Plan effective
October 1, 1993; and

     WHEREAS, the Corporation amended and restated the Plan
effective as of January 1, 1994, and further amended the same by
a First Amendment thereto effective January 1, 1997, a Second
Amendment thereto effective September 9, 1997, a Third Amendment
thereto effective January 1, 2000, a Fourth Amendment thereto
effective November 14, 2000 and a Fifth Amendment thereto
effective November 6, 2001; and

     WHEREAS, the Corporation has reserved the right to further
amend the Plan; and

     WHEREAS, the Corporation wishes to amend the Plan in
certain respects, effective as of November 12, 2002, except where
otherwise indicated; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation has
adopted a resolution authorizing the amendment of the Plan as
provided for herein;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety as follows:

                              Purpose

     The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to
a select group of senior management or highly compensated
employees of Kaman Corporation, a Connecticut corporation, and
its subsidiaries.

                             Section 1
                            Definitions

     For purposes of this Plan, the following phrases or terms
shall have the following indicated meanings, unless the context
requires otherwise:


                               Page 1
<page>

     1.1  "Account Balance" means, as to each Participant, the
sum of (i) all amounts of Base Salary and/or Bonus deferred by
the Participant pursuant to this Plan plus (ii) any additional
deferred compensation payable pursuant to Section 6.1, plus (iii)
all interest credited thereon in accordance with the applicable
interest crediting provisions of the Plan, less (iv) any
distributions to the Participant or his Beneficiary.  For
purposes of the Plan established by Section 6A, "Account Balance"
means the sum of (i) all amounts of Supplemental Deferred
Compensation, plus (ii) all interest credited thereon in
accordance with the applicable interest crediting provisions of
the Plan, less (iv) any distributions to the Participant or his
Beneficiary.  These accounts shall be bookkeeping entries only
and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and
determination of the amounts to be paid to Participant pursuant
to this Plan.

     1.2  "Additional Deferred Compensation" means the deferred
compensation payable to a Participant pursuant to Section 6.1.

     1.3  "Base Salary" means a Participant's salary from the
Corporation, inclusive of any elective deferrals made under this
Plan or any other plan of the Corporation.  Base Salary may also
include other forms of compensation to which a Participant may
become entitled to receive from the Company or an affiliated
company thereof including, but not limited to, separation
compensation.  The determination as to the types of compensation
which may be eligible for deferral under the Plan shall be made
prior to the time such compensation is due and owing to the
Participant.  The type of compensation and the extent to which a
Participant may defer such amounts shall be made by the Committee
in its sole discretion.

     1.4  "Beneficiary" means one or more persons, trusts,
estates or other entities, designated in accordance with Section
7, that are entitled to receive payments under this Plan after
the death of a Participant.

     1.5  "Beneficiary Designation Form" means the form
established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant
completes, signs and returns to the Committee to designate one or
more Beneficiaries.

     1.6  "Board" means the Board of Directors of Kaman
Corporation.

     1.7  "Bonus" means the cash, incentive compensation that may
be awarded to a Participant under the Kaman Corporation Cash
Bonus Plan or any successor plan, inclusive of any elective
deferrals made under this Plan or any other plan of the
Corporation.


                               Page 2
<page>

     1.8  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time.

     1.9  "Committee" means those persons identified as the Plan
Administrators of the Kaman Corporation Compensation
Administration Plan, or such other persons that may be appointed
by the Board to manage and administer the Plan pursuant to
Section 9.

     1.10  "Corporation" means Kaman Corporation, a Connecticut
corporation, and, where the context requires, each of its wholly-
owned subsidiaries or the particular corporation that employs the
Participant.

     1.11  "Crediting Rate" means, for each Plan Year, that rate
of interest equal to 120% of the applicable federal long-term
rate compounded monthly (as prescribed under Section 1274(d) of
the Code) in effect for the first month of each Plan Year;
provided that for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1,
2003, "Crediting Rate" means, for each Plan Year, that rate of
interest equal to 120% of the applicable federal long-term rate
compounded monthly (as prescribed under Section 1274(d) of the
Code) in effect for the month of October prior to the beginning
of the applicable Plan Year.

     1.12  "Deferral Amount" means that portion of a
Participant's Base Salary and/or Bonus that the Participant
elects to defer in accordance with Section 3.

     1.13  "Deferral Election" means a Participant's election to
defer a portion of his Base Salary and/or Bonus as provided in
Section 3 for a particular Plan Year.

     1.14  "Disability" means a period of disability during which
a Participant qualifies for benefits under any Corporation
sponsored long-term disability plan in which the Participant
participates, or, if a Participant does not participate in such a
plan, a period of disability during which the Participant would
have qualified for benefits under such a plan had the Participant
been a participant in such a plan, as determined in the sole
discretion of the Committee.

     1.15  "Election Form" means the form prescribed from time to
time by the Committee that a Participant must use to make a
Deferral Election under the Plan.

     1.16  "Financial Hardship" means a severe financial hardship
to the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness
or accident of the Participant or of a dependent (as defined in
Section 152(a) of the Code) of the Participant, loss of the
Participant's property due to casualty, or other similar


                               Page 3
<page>

extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising from events
beyond the control of the Participant.  The circumstances that
will constitute a Financial Hardship will depend upon the facts
of each case, but, in any case, the particular circumstances will
not be regarded as giving rise to a Financial Hardship to the
extent that any hardship is or may be relieved:

          (a)  Through reimbursement or compensation by insurance
or otherwise;

          (b)  By liquidation of the Participant's assets, to the
extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause
severe financial hardship; or

          (c)  By cessation of deferrals under the Plan.

     1.17  "Participant" means any employee of the Corporation
(i) who is selected to participate in the Plan by the Board in
accordance with Section 2.1, (ii) who participates in the Thrift
Plan to the extent required as a condition to participation in
this Plan, (iii) who elects to participate in the Plan, (iv) who
signs a Plan Agreement, an Election Form, and a Beneficiary
Designation Form, (v) whose signed Plan Agreement, Election Form
and Beneficiary Designation Form are accepted by the Committee,
(vi) who satisfies any other enrollment requirements that may be
established by the Committee, (vii) who commences participation
in the Plan, and (viii) whose Plan Agreement has not terminated.
"Participant" in the Supplemental Plan established by Section 6A
means any employee of the Corporation who is selected to
participate in the Supplemental Plan by the Board in accordance
with Section 2.1 and who satisfies any other enrollment
requirements that may be established by the Committee; provided,
however, that the term shall not include any person who is
entitled by contract to receive a payment in lieu of the
supplemental deferred compensation provided for in Section 6A,
including, but not limited to, retirement benefits in addition to
those provided under the Pension Plan.  Nevertheless,
"Participant" in the Supplemental Plan established by Section 6A
shall also include an employee who terminates participation in
the SERP and thenceforth participates in such Plan in accordance
with Section 6A.3.  Where the context requires, the term
"Participant" shall also mean an employee or former employee who
previously participated on an active basis and who still has a
positive Account Balance.

     1.18  "Payroll Taxes"  means any tax imposed on compensation
paid to a Participant that an employer is required to collect
from the Participant including, but not limited to, any employee
contributions for old age, survivors and disability insurance or
hospital insurance.



                               Page 4
<page>

     1.19  "Pension Plan" means the Kaman Corporation Employees
Pension Plan.

     1.20  "Plan" means this Deferred Compensation Plan.

     1.21  "Plan Agreement" means the written agreement, as it
may be amended from time to time, that is entered into by and
between the Corporation and a Participant.  Each Plan Agreement
executed by a Participant shall provide for the entire benefit to
which such Participant is entitled to under the Plan, and the
Plan Agreement bearing the latest date of acceptance by the
Committee shall govern such entitlement.

     1.22  "Plan Year" means the calendar year, except that the
initial Plan Year shall begin on October 1, 1993, and end on
December 31, 1993.

     1.23  "Retirement", "Retires" or "Retired" means a
Termination of Service on or after the attainment of Early
Retirement Age under the Pension Plan and otherwise in accordance
with the Pension Plan.

     1.24  "SERP" means the Amended and Restated Kaman
Corporation Supplemental Employees' Retirement Plan.

     1.25  "Supplemental Deferred Compensation" means the
deferred compensation payable to a Participant pursuant to
Section 6A.1.

     1.24  "Termination of Service" means the cessation of
employment with the Corporation other than in connection with an
authorized leave of absence.

     1.27  "Thrift Plan" means the Kaman Corporation Thrift and
Retirement Plan.

                            Section 2
                    Eligibility and Enrollment

     2.1  Selection by Board.  Participation in the Plan shall be
limited to a select group of management or highly compensated
employees whose eligibility to participate in the Plan is
approved by the Board on its own initiative, or upon the
recommendation of the Committee.  The Board may terminate an
employee's eligibility to participate in the Plan at any time in
its sole discretion.

     2.2  Enrollment Requirements.  As a condition to
participation, an eligible employee must complete, execute and
return to the Committee, within the time prescribed by the
Committee, a Plan Agreement, and an Election Form.  In addition,


                               Page 5
<page>

in order to participate in the Plan for any particular Plan Year,
an eligible employee must elect to make the maximum contribution
that he is allowed to make under Section 402(g) of the Code and
the terms of the Thrift Plan.  The Committee may establish from
time to time such other enrollment requirements as it determines
in its sole discretion are necessary or appropriate for purposes
of administering the Plan.  The Committee may in its sole
discretion waive the requirement that the eligible employee make
the maximum contribution that he is allowed to make under Section
402(g) of the Code and the terms of the Thrift Plan, provided,
however, that in granting such a waiver, the Committee shall not
require, as a condition to participation in the Plan, that the
eligible employee make or not make elective contributions to the
Thrift Plan or make a particular level of elective contributions
to the Thrift Plan (other than the maximum elective contribution
that he is allowed to make under Section 402(g) of the Code and
the terms of the Thrift Plan).

     2.3  Commencement of Participation.  An employee shall
commence participation in the Plan upon the timely completion of
all enrollment requirements and the Committee's acceptance of all
submitted documents.  Eligible employees who wish to participate
in the Plan for any particular Plan Year must satisfy the
enrollment requirements prior to the commencement of the Plan
Year; provided, however, that in the first year in which an
employee first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, the
newly eligible employee must satisfy the enrollment requirements
within thirty (30) days after the date on which he became
eligible.  If an eligible employee does not meet all enrollment
requirements within the time prescribed, that employee shall not
be allowed to participate in the Plan until the first day of the
Plan Year following the completion of all enrollment
requirements.

                            Section 3
Deferral Commitments/Interest Crediting

     3.1  Maximum Deferral.  For each Plan Year, a Participant
may elect to defer a percentage of his Base Salary not to exceed
50% and/or all or a percentage of his Bonus.

     3.2  Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form.  In order
to make a Deferral Election for any Plan Year a Participant must
deliver a completed and signed Election Form to the Committee
prior to the commencement of the Plan Year to which it relates.
In the case of a newly admitted Participant, the Deferral
Election must be made within the thirty (30) day period provided
for in Section 2.3, and shall not apply to any Base Salary earned
prior to the commencement of his participation.  A separate
Election Form is required for each Plan Year.  The Election Form
must specify the percentage of the Base Salary and/or Bonus that
the Participant has elected to defer.  Except as otherwise

                               Page 6
<page>

expressly provided for herein, each Deferral Election shall be
irrevocable for the Plan Year for which it is made, and shall be
deemed to apply to any salary increases occurring during that
year.  No Election Form shall be effective unless accepted by the
Committee.

     3.3  Additions to Account Balances.  The percentage of a
Participant's Base Salary deferred pursuant to Section 3.2 shall
be credited to the Participant's Account Balance as of the last
day of each month in which the deferred portion of the Base
Salary would have been paid if not deferred.  The percentage of a
Participant's Bonus deferred pursuant to Section 3.2 shall be
credited to the Participant's Account Balance as of the last day
of each month in which the deferred portion of the Bonus would
have been paid if not deferred.

     3.4  Interest Crediting.  Interest shall be credited monthly
and compounded monthly on all Deferral Amounts credited to a
Participant's Account Balance.  Interest shall be credited only
with respect to amounts in the Account Balance at the end of the
month, and no interest shall be credited with respect to any
portion of an Account Balance withdrawn or distributed from an
Account Balance during the month.  The rate of interest shall be
the applicable Crediting Rate.

     3.5  Payroll Taxes.  The Corporation shall ratably withhold
from that portion of the Participant's Base Salary or Bonus that
is not being deferred, any Payroll Taxes imposed on the
Participant with respect to any Deferral Amount, Additional
Deferred Compensation or Supplemental Deferred Compensation.  If
necessary, the Committee shall reduce the Deferral Amount in any
Plan Year in order to comply with this Section 3.5.

     3.6  Suspension of Election upon Financial Hardship.  If a
Participant believes he has experienced a Financial Hardship, the
Participant may request the Committee to suspend the
Participant's Deferral Election for the remainder of the Plan
Year in which the Financial Hardship occurs.  The Committee shall
grant the request if the Committee, in its sole discretion,
determines that the Participant has suffered a Financial
Hardship.

     3.7  Suspension of Election Upon Disability.  In the event
of the Disability of a Participant, the Committee shall
automatically suspend the Participant's Deferral Election for the
remainder of the Plan Year in which the Disability occurs
effective upon the determination of Disability.






                               Page 7
<page>

                            Section 4
                  Distributions Upon Retirement

     4.1  Distributions Upon Retirement.  The Account Balance of
a Participant who Retires shall be distributed in a lump sum or
in monthly installments over a period of 5, 10 or 15 years, as
the Participant shall have elected pursuant to Section 4.2.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the plan
established by Section 6A, the Participant may elect only between
receiving distributions in monthly installments over a period of
10 years or 15 years.

     4.2  Election of Method of Payment.  Each Participant, in
connection with his commencement of participation in the Plan,
must elect the manner in which he wishes to have his Account
Balance distributed upon Retirement.  As part of this election,
the Participant shall indicate whether he wishes the lump sum
payment to be made or the installment payments to commence (i) on
the first day of the third month following the date the
Participant Retires, or (ii) on the later of (A) the first day of
the third month following the date the Participant Retires or (B)
on the second day of the January next following the date the
Participant Retires.  The election shall be made on the form
prescribed by the Committee.  A Participant must make a separate
election with respect to the payment of supplemental deferred
compensation pursuant to Section 6A.  A Participant may change
his election to an allowable alternative method of payment any
time or any number of times by submitting a new election to the
Committee.  Any such change made prior to November 14, 2000 shall
be applicable only with respect to subsequent Deferral Elections.
Any change made on or after November 14, 2000 may apply to all
previous deferrals as well; provided, however, that if the event
which triggers the distribution occurs within one year of any
such change made on or after November 14, 2000, that change shall
be totally null and void.  Effective November 14, 2000, an
election made for purposes of the plan established by Section 6A
(including elections made prior to November 14, 2000) shall not
be irrevocable once made; and any change made on or after
November 14, 2000 shall be subject to the same rules as are
prescribed in the previous sentence.

     4.3  Calculation of Monthly Distributions.  If a Participant
elects to receive distributions in the form of monthly
installments, the distribution shall be made in the form of equal
monthly installments adjusted on an annual basis at the beginning
of each Plan Year to provide for annual amortization of the
remaining Account Balance over the remaining payment period with
interest at the Crediting Rate determined in accordance with
Section 1.11 hereof for the Plan Year.  Each monthly installment
shall be one-twelfth of the annual payment.



                               Page 8
<page>

                            Section 5
             Distributions Other than Upon Retirement

     5.1  Distributions After Lapse of Years. (a)  In connection
with each Deferral Election, a Participant may also elect to
receive a distribution of that portion of his Account Balance
equal to the Deferral Amount for that Plan Year plus any interest
credited thereon after the lapse of seven (7) or more Plan Years
as specified in the Election Form.  Effective for Deferral
Elections that relate to Plan Years beginning on or after
January 1, 2003, a Participant may elect to receive a
distribution of that portion of his Account Balance equal to the
Deferred Amount for that Plan Year plus any interest credited
thereon after the lapse of three (3) or more Plan Years as
specified in the Election Form.

          (b)  Any such distribution shall be made in a lump sum
no later than thirty (30) days after the lapse of the number of
Plan Years specified in the Election Form.  Notwithstanding any
provision herein to the contrary, no interest shall be credited
on the Account Balance for any period subsequent to the last day
of the last Plan Year in the lapse period.

          (c)  Effective November 6, 2001, a Participant who has
made a "lapse of years" election pursuant to this Section 5.1 may
change his election to an election to have his Account Balance
distributed upon Retirement under Section 4.2, in a lump sum or
in installments as permitted thereunder.  As part of such
election, the Participant shall indicate whether he wishes the
lump sum payment to be made or the installment payments to
commence (i) on the first day of the third month following the
date the Participant Retires, or (ii) on the later of (A) the
first day of the third month following the date the Participant
Retires or (B) on the second day of the January next following
the date the Participant Retires.  The election shall be made on
the form prescribed by the Committee.  The following additional
rules shall apply:

               (i)  Any such election to change a "lapse of
years" election shall only be effective if filed with the
Committee prior to the beginning of the final Plan Year of the
original specified period.

               (ii)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Participant retires within one (1) year of a change made under
this paragraph (c), that change shall be null and void.

               (iii)  If a Participant makes an election under
this paragraph (c) to change from a "lapse of years" election to
an election to have his Account Balance distributed upon
Retirement under Section 4.2, and the Participant thereafter
wants to make one or more subsequent changes thereto, any

                               Page 9
<page>

subsequent change shall be governed by and in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4.2, including the provision that if the
event which triggers the distribution occurs within one (1) year
of such change, that change shall be totally null and void.

     5.2  Distributions Upon Disability or Death of Participant.
Upon the Disability or death of a Participant, including a
Participant who has commenced receiving distributions of his
Account Balance, the Participant's entire Account Balance shall
be distributed to the Participant or, in the case of a deceased
Participant, to the Participant's Beneficiary in a lump sum.  If
the Participant's Account Balance at the time of Disability or
death exceeds $25,000, and the Participant has not commenced
receiving a distribution of his Account Balance at such time,
then, at the sole discretion of the Committee, the Participant's
Account Balance shall be distributed in 120 monthly installments
in the manner provided for in Section 4.3.  The lump sum
distribution shall be made, or the installment payments shall
commence, on the first day of the third month following the
determination of the Disability of the Participant or the death
of the Participant.

     5.3A  Distributions Upon Termination of Service.  Except as
otherwise provided in paragraph 5.3B below, in the case of a
Participant who has experienced a Termination of Service not
occasioned by Retirement, Disability or death, the entire Account
Balance of the Participant shall be distributed to the
Participant on the second day of the January next following the
date on which the Termination of Service occurs; provided,
however, that the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
authorize an earlier Distribution.  For purposes of the plan
established by Section 6A, the Account Balance of a Participant
who has experienced a Termination of Service not occasioned by
Retirement, Disability or death, shall be distributed in monthly
installments over a period of 10 years or 15 years (as elected by
the Participant) commencing on the second day of the January next
following the date on which the Termination of Service occurs
unless the Committee elects, in its discretion, to make an
earlier distribution.

     5.3B  Distributions Related to a Sale, Merger, et. al.  In
the case of a Participant who has experienced a Termination of
Service as a result of a sale, merger or other disposition by the
Company of an affiliated company or in the event of a disposition
by the Company of substantially all the assets of a line of
business, the Participant's Account Balance shall be distributed
as if he Retired at the time of his Termination of Service;
provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Section 4.2, prior to the final closing of the sale, merger,
or other disposition of the affiliated company or line of
business, an affected Participant shall have the right to change


                               Page 10
<page>

his election under Section 4.2 to any form of distribution then
allowable under the Plan.  Any such change of election as to the
form of distribution shall apply to the Participant's entire
Account Balance.

     5.4  In-service Distributions Upon Financial Hardship.  If a
Participant believes he has experienced a Financial Hardship,
then, in addition to requesting a suspension of his Deferral
Election pursuant to Section 3.6, the Participant may also
request a distribution of part or all of the Participant's
Account Balance on account of Financial Hardship.  The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, grant the request provided, however,
that in no circumstances shall the amount of the distribution
from the Participant's Account Balance exceed the amount that the
Committee, in its sole discretion, determines is necessary to
satisfy the Financial Hardship.  If the Committee approves the
distribution, the distribution shall be made as soon as
practicable in the discretion of the Committee.

     5.5  In-service Withdrawals.  A Participant shall be
entitled to withdraw all of his Account Balance without regard to
Financial Hardship, provided, however, that if a Participant
elects an in-service withdrawal pursuant to this Section 5.5,
then immediately prior to such withdrawal: (i) the Participant's
Account Balance will automatically be reduced by (10%) of the
Participant's Account Balance, calculated as of the date of
withdrawal; and (ii) the Participant's Deferral Election for the
current Plan Year shall be suspended, and the Participant shall
not be eligible to make any additional Deferral Elections for a
period of twelve (12) months following the date of the
distribution.  The distribution shall be made within thirty (30)
days after the Participant provides the Committee with written
notice of his intent to withdraw his Account Balance and executes
a written acknowledgment of the reduction in his Account
Balance, the suspension of his Deferral Election for the balance
of the current Plan Year, and his ineligibility to make any
additional Deferral Elections for a period of twelve (12) months
as set forth above.

                            Section 6
                 Additional Deferred Compensation

     6.1  Additional Deferred Compensation.  The Corporation
shall pay Additional Deferred Compensation to each Participant in
an amount equal to 25% of the Participant's Deferral Amount for
such Plan Year, provided, however, that the Additional Deferred
Compensation payable to a Participant for any Plan Year shall not
exceed an amount equal to 2.5% of the Participant's Base Salary
and Bonus (or such lower percentage as the Corporation shall
determine) reduced by an amount equal to the maximum matching
contribution allowed for the Participant's benefit under the
Thrift Plan determined on the assumption that the Participant

                               Page 11
<page>

makes or has made the maximum elective contribution that he is
allowed to make under Section 402(g) of the Code and the terms of
the Thrift Plan.  Any Additional Deferred Compensation shall be
credited to the Account Balance of the Participant and shall be
treated as a Deferral Amount with respect to the Plan Year to
which it relates, and, as such, shall be governed by the Deferral
Election in effect for that Plan Year.  The Additional Deferred
Compensation shall be calculated within ninety (90) days after
the close of the Plan Year and shall be credited to the
Participant's Account Balance as of January 1 of the succeeding
Plan Year to each such Participant employed on said date.
Interest shall be credited on said amount thereafter in
accordance with Section 3.4.

     6.2  Other Benefits.  This Plan shall supplement and shall
not supersede, modify or amend any other plan or program
maintained by the Corporation except as may otherwise be
expressly provided.

                            Section 6A
                Supplemental Deferred Compensation

     6A.1  Supplemental Deferred Compensation.  The Corporation
shall pay Supplemental Deferred Compensation to each Participant
who is not also a participant in the SERP.  The amount of the
Supplemental Deferred Compensation shall be ten percent (10%) of
the amount by which the Participant's "W-2 Earnings" (as defined
in the Pension Plan) for the most recently concluded fiscal year
of the Pension Plan exceed the "Compensation Limit" set forth in
Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, as adjusted from time to time as
provided for in said Section 401(a)(17).  The Supplemental
Deferred Compensation shall be calculated within ninety (90) days
after the close of the Plan Year and shall be credited to the
Participant's Account Balance as of January 1 of the succeeding
Plan Year to each such Participant employed on said date.
Interest shall be credited on said amount thereafter in
accordance with Section 3.4.

     6A.2  Separate Treatment.  This Section 6A establishes a
separate and distinct plan for the payment of deferred
compensation, which Plan shall be governed by and administered in
accordance with the provisions of this Section and Sections 1,
2.1, 3.4, 3.5, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 5.2, 5.3A, 5.3B, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11
hereof.  By way of example, and not by way of limitation:
Supplemental Deferred Compensation and the interest credited on
such Compensation shall be credited to a separate account; a
Participant shall be entitled to make a separate election as to
the distribution of his Account Balance attributable to
Supplemental Deferred Compensation; except as provided in Section
6A.5, a Participant in this Supplemental Plan will not be
entitled to receive a distribution of his Account Balance
attributable to this Plan until the time provided for in Section

                               Page 12
<page>

4.1, 5.2, 5.3A, or 5.3B; and a Participant who is otherwise
eligible to receive Supplemental Deferred Compensation hereunder
shall be entitled to continue to receive such compensation even
though the Participant does not elect to make deferrals in
accordance with Section 3 hereof, or even if the Participant is
ineligible to make any additional Deferral Elections for a period
of twelve (12) months following the date of distribution because
he has elected to take an in-service withdrawal pursuant to
Section 5.5.

     6A.3  Transfer of Benefits.  If an employee would be
eligible to participate in the Supplemental Plan established
pursuant to this Section 6A but for the fact that he participates
in the SERP, then he may elect to terminate his participation in
the SERP and thenceforth participate in this Plan.  If he so
elects, his initial Account Balance for purposes of this
Supplemental Plan shall be credited with the present value of his
accrued SERP benefits as determined in accordance with the
provisions of the SERP.  An employee shall be eligible to
transfer benefits pursuant to this Section 6A.3 even if the
employee does not elect to make deferrals under Section 3 hereof,
or even if the employee is ineligible to make any additional
Deferral Elections under Section 3 for a period of twelve (12)
months following the date of distribution because he has elected
to take an in-service withdrawal pursuant to Section 5.5.

     6A.4  Cash-out Option.  Notwithstanding any election by a
Participant to receive distributions in monthly installments, in
the discretion of the Committee, the remaining Account Balance of
a Participant who has commenced receiving distributions in
monthly installments shall be distributed in a single lump sum if
the monthly payment is less than $100 or the remaining Account
Balance is less than $10,000.  This cash-out option shall be
applicable only to the Supplemental Plan established pursuant to
this Section 6A.

     6A.5  In-service Withdrawals.  A Participant shall be
entitled to withdraw all of his Account Balance under this
Section 6A, provided, however, that if a Participant elects an
in-service withdrawal pursuant to this Section 6A.5, then
immediately prior to such withdrawal: (i) the Participant's
Account Balance will automatically be reduced by ten percent
(10%) of the Participant's Account Balance, calculated as of the
date of withdrawal; and (ii) the Participant shall not be
entitled to receive credit for the Supplemental Deferred
Compensation that would otherwise have been credited to his
Account Balance as of the January 1 following the date of the
distribution.  The distribution shall be made within thirty (30)
days after the Participant provides the Committee with written
notice of his intent to withdraw his Account Balance and executes
a written acknowledgment of the reduction in his Account Balance
and his ineligibility to receive credit for Supplemental Deferred

                               Page 13
<page>

Compensation that would otherwise have been credited to his
Account Balance as of the January 1 following the date of the
distribution, as set forth in this Section 6A.5.

                            Section 7
                     Beneficiary Designation

     7.1  Beneficiary.  Each Participant shall have the right, at
any time, to designate a Beneficiary (both primary as well as
contingent) to receive any distributions of the Participant's
Account Balance upon the death of the Participant.

     7.2  Beneficiary Designation.  A Participant shall designate
his Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary
Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee.  A
Participant shall have the right to change his Beneficiary
Designation by completing, signing and otherwise complying with
the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's
rules and procedures.  Upon the acceptance by the Committee of a
new Beneficiary Designation Form, all prior Beneficiary
designations shall be cancelled.  No designation or change in
designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective until received
and accepted by the Committee.  The Committee shall be entitled
to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the
Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to his death
except to the extent superseded by any applicable law or court
order.

     7.3  Failure to Designate Beneficiary.  If a Participant
fails to designate a Beneficiary as provided above or, if all
designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior
to complete distribution of the Participant's Account Balance,
then the Participant's designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to
be his surviving spouse.  If the Participant has no surviving
spouse, the Participant's Account Balance shall be distributed to
the executor or personal representative of the Participant's
estate.

     7.4  Doubt as to Beneficiary.  If the Committee has any
doubt as to the proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant
to this Plan, the Committee shall have the right, exercisable in
its sole discretion, to cause the Corporation to withhold such
payments until this matter is resolved to the Committee's
satisfaction.









                               Page 14
<page>

                             Section 8
                     Termination or Amendment

     8.1  Termination.  The Board reserves the right, at any
time, to terminate the Plan as to any future deferrals or to
terminate the Plan in its entirety.  If the Plan is terminated
then all Account Balances shall be distributed in a cash lump sum
within 60 days of the effective date of such termination unless
the Corporation has established the trust referred to in Section
10.1 and such trust is funded by letter of credit or otherwise in
an amount not less than the aggregate Account Balances of all
Participants on the date of termination.

     8.2  Amendment. The Board may amend the Plan at any time, in
whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment shall be
effective to (i) reduce a Participant's Account Balance in
existence on the effective date of the amendment or the
Corporation's obligation to fund or distribute such Account
Balance in the event of a termination of the Plan, or (ii) reduce
the Crediting Rate on any Account Balance existing on the
effective date of the Amendment.  A change in the time for
determining the Crediting Rate shall not be considered to be a
reduction in the Crediting Rate.  In the event of a Change in
Control, the additional restrictions on amendment set forth in
Section 11.2 shall also apply.  The Board may delegate the
authority to amend the Plan to a committee of the Board or to the
Committee.

                            Section 9
                          Administration

     9.1  Committee Duties.  This Plan shall be administered by
the Committee, which shall have the discretion and authority to
make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and
regulations for the administration of this Plan and decide or
resolve any and all questions including interpretations of this
Plan, as may arise in connection with the Plan.  Members of the
Committee may be Participants under this Plan, provided, however,
that no Committee member shall participate in any decision in
which he has an interest other than an interest as a participant
in the Plan generally.  The decision or action of the Committee
with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with
the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan
and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be
final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any
interest in the Plan.

     9.2  Agents.  The Committee may, from time to time, (i)
employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as
it sees fit and (ii) consult with counsel who may be counsel to
the Corporation.


                               Page 15
<page>

     9.3  Indemnity of Committee.  The Corporation shall
indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee, or any
of its agents, against any and all claims, losses, damages,
expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act
with respect to this Plan, except in the case of willful
misconduct.

     9.4  Information Requirement.  The Corporation shall supply
full and timely information to the Committee on all matters
relating to the compensation of its Participants, the date and
circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, death or Termination
of Service of any Participant, and such other pertinent
information as the Committee may reasonably require in order to
enable the Committee to perform its functions.

     9.5  Claims Procedures.  The Committee shall establish a
claims procedure under the Plan.  Any determination or action of
the Committee with respect to the administration of the Plan
shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons interested
herein.

                            Section 10
                           Miscellaneous

     10.1  Unsecured General Creditor.  Participants and their
Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal
or equitable rights, interest or claims in any property or assets
of the Corporation.  Any and all of the Corporation's assets
shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged, unrestricted assets
of the Corporation.  The Corporation's obligation under the Plan
shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay
money in the future.  The Corporation intends to establish a
trust for the purposes of providing Participants with assurance
that the Corporation's obligations under this Plan will be
honored.  Under the terms of the trust, however, any assets
placed in trust shall continue to be available to the creditors
of the Corporation in the event of the Corporation's bankruptcy
or insolvency, and, accordingly, the rights of Participants, and
their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and any other person
claiming by or through them, shall be and remain those of an
unsecured general creditor notwithstanding the establishment of
such a trust.  It is the intention of the Corporation that the
Plan be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA").

     10.2  Corporation's Liability.  The Corporation shall have
no obligation to a Participant or his Beneficiary under the Plan
except as expressly provided in the Plan and the Participant's
Plan Agreement.



                               Page 16
<page>

     10.3  Nonassignability.  A Participant's rights, and the
rights of any Beneficiary or other person hereunder, to benefit
payments under the Plan are not subject in any manner to
anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance, attachment, or garnishment by creditors of the
Participant, the Participant's Beneficiary, or any such other
person.  Accordingly, neither a Participant nor any other person
shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge,
anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate
or convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any,
payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights
to which are expressly declared to be unassignable and non-
transferable.  No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to
actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration for the
payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance
owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by
operation of law in the event of a Participant's or any other
person's bankruptcy or insolvency.

     10.4  Not a Contract of Employment.  The terms and
conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a
contract of employment between the Corporation and the
Participant.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an "at
will" employment relationship that can be terminated at any time
unless expressly provided in a written employment agreement.
Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the
right to be retained in the service of the Corporation, or to
interfere with the right of the Corporation to discipline or
discharge the Participant at any time.

     10.5  Furnishing Information.  As a condition to
participation, each Participant agrees to cooperate with the
Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the
Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in
order to facilitate the administration of the Plan, including but
not limited to taking such physical examinations as the Committee
may deem necessary.

     10.6  Terms.  Whenever any words are used herein in the
singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they
were used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in
all cases where they would so apply.  Any reference to the
masculine gender shall be deemed to include the feminine gender
as well.

     10.7  Captions.  The captions in the articles, sections and
paragraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its
provisions.




                               Page 17
<page>

     10.8  Governing Law.  The provisions of this Plan shall be
construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of
Connecticut.

     10.9  Notice.  Any notice or filing required or permitted to
be given to a Participant under this plan shall be sufficient if
in writing and hand delivered or sent by mail to the last known
address of the Participant.  Any notice or filing required or
permitted to be given to the Committee under this Plan shall be
sufficient if in writing and hand delivered, or sent by
registered or certified mail, to:

          Kaman Corporation
          P.O. Box 1
          Bloomfield, CT 06002

          Attention: Deferred Compensation Plan Committee

Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of hand delivery
or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the
postmark on the receipt for registration or certification.

     10.10  Successors.  The provisions of this Plan shall bind
and inure to the benefit of the Corporation and its successors
and assigns and the Participant, the Participant's Beneficiaries,
and their permitted successors and assigns.

     10.11  Validity.  In case any provision of this Plan shall
be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or
invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this
Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or
invalid provision had never been inserted herein.

     10.12  Incompetency.  If a distribution under this Plan is
payable (i) to a minor, or (ii) to a person the Committee
determines in its discretion to be incompetent or incapable of
handling the disposition of that person's property, the Committee
may direct payment of such benefit to the guardian, legal
representative or person having the care and custody of such
minor, incompetent or incapable person.

     10.13  Distribution in the Event of Taxation.  If, for any
reason, all or any portion of a Participant's benefit under this
Plan becomes taxable to the Participant prior to receipt, a
Participant may request that the Committee distribute a portion
of the Participant's Account Balance sufficient to meet the
Participant's tax liability (including additions to tax,
penalties and interest).

     10.14  Effect of Payment.  The full payment of a
Participant's Account Balance to the person the Committee
determines is the proper person to receive the distribution shall

                               Page 18
<page>

completely discharge all obligations to the Participant under
this Plan and the Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate.

                           Section 11
                        Change in Control

     11.1  Contributions to Rabbi Trust.  (a)  In the event of a
Change in Control, as defined herein, the Corporation shall have
the obligation to make contributions to the Kaman Corporation
Deferred Compensation Plan Trust Agreement, and shall make
contributions to the Trust in cash, in an amount sufficient to
cause the Trust Fund to equal at least the amount of all benefits
accrued under the Plan for Participants and beneficiaries thereof
as of the Change in Control.  Such contribution shall be made on
or before the occurrence of such Change in Control.

     (b)  Thereafter, on at least an annual basis (the "valuation
date"), the Corporation shall have the obligation to make
additional contributions to the Kaman Corporation Deferred
Compensation Plan Trust Agreement, and shall make such additional
contributions to the Trust in cash, in an amount sufficient to
cause the Trust Fund to equal at least the amount of all benefits
accrued under the Plan for Participants and beneficiaries thereof
as of such valuation date.  Any such contribution shall be made
within ten (10) days of such valuation date.  The first valuation
date must be at or within twelve (12) months of the date the
Change in Control occurred.

     (c)  If the Corporation fails to satisfy any of the
requirements of paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section 11.1, the
Plan will automatically terminate and notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in Section 8.1 or elsewhere in the Plan,
all accrued benefits under the Plan will be paid out immediately
in lump sum payments to Participants and beneficiaries of
deceased Participants.

     11.2  Restrictions on Amendment.  In the event of a Change
in Control, as defined herein, then in addition to any other
protections provided in Section 8.2, the Plan may not be amended
in any way that would have an adverse effect upon the calculation
or payment of the benefits hereunder of any current Participant
or any Participant receiving distributions which have accrued as
of the date of such amendment.

     11.3  Change in Control Defined.  As used herein, the term
"Change in Control" means the first to occur of any of the
following events:

     (a)  Any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13 and
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"))
is or becomes the beneficial owner (as that term is used in
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of

                               Page 19
<page>

50% or more of Kaman Corporation's capital stock entitled to vote
in the election of directors (a "Change in Ownership"); provided,
however, that a Change in Ownership shall not result in a Change
in Control unless within the two year period following the
particular Change in Ownership there is also a change in the
members of the Board of Directors of Kaman Corporation such that
those persons serving as directors of Kaman Corporation
immediately prior to the Change in Ownership cease to represent
at least one-half of the members of the Board of Directors of
Kaman Corporation.

     (b)  Any consolidation or merger of Kaman Corporation, other
than a merger of Kaman Corporation in which the holders of the
common stock of Kaman Corporation immediately prior to the merger
hold more than 50% of the common stock of the surviving
corporation immediately after the merger.

     (c)  The shareholders of Kaman Corporation approve any plan
or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of Kaman
Corporation; or

     (d)  Substantially all of the assets of Kaman Corporation
are sold or otherwise transferred to parties that are not within
a "controlled group of corporations" (as defined in Section 1563
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in which Kaman
Corporation is a member.

     (e)  It is the intent of the Corporation that this
definition be identical to the definition of Change in Control
set forth in the Kaman Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan
Trust Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has signed this Amended
and Restated Plan document on this 12th day of November, 2002.

                                      KAMAN CORPORATION
                                      By /s/ Robert M. Garneau
                                         Robert M. Garneau
                                      Its Executive Vice
                                          President and CFO













                               Page 20
<page>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
