<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex1015.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED 9/1/2001 - HEAVIN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of this 1st day of September,
2001, by and between The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, a Missouri
corporation ("Railway"), Kansas City Southern Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("KCSI") and Jerry W. Heavin, an individual ("Executive").

      WHEREAS, Railway, KCSI and Executive desire for Railway to employ
Executive on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and to provide
an incentive to Executive to remain in the employ of Railway hereafter,
particularly in the event of any change in control (as herein defined) of KCSI,
or Railway, thereby establishing and preserving continuity of management of
Railway.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
herein contained, it is agreed by and between Railway, KCSI and Executive as
follows:

      1.    Employment. Railway hereby continues the employment of Executive as
its Vice President Engineering, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors of Railway (the "Railway Board") and to have such duties, powers and
responsibilities as may be prescribed or delegated from time to time by the
President or other officer to whom Executive reports, subject to the powers
vested in the Railway Board and in the stockholder of Railway. Executive shall
faithfully perform his duties under this Agreement to the best of his ability
and shall devote substantially all of his working time and efforts to the
business and affairs of Railway and its affiliates.

                                       -1-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      2.    Compensation.

            (a)   Base Compensation. Railway shall pay Executive as compensation
for his services hereunder an annual base salary at the rate of $150,000. Such
rate shall not be increased prior to January 1, 2002 and shall not be reduced
except as agreed by the parties or except as part of a general salary reduction
program imposed by Railway for non-union employees and applicable to all
officers of Railway.

            (b)   Incentive Compensation. For the year 2001, Executive shall not
be entitled to participate in the Railway Incentive Compensation Plan.

      3.    Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, Railway
shall provide Executive with coverage under such benefit plans and programs as
are made generally available to similarly situated employees of Railway,
provided (a) Railway shall have no obligation with respect to any plan or
program if Executive is not eligible for coverage thereunder, and (b) Executive
acknowledges that stock options and other stock and equity participation awards
are granted in the discretion of the Board of Directors of KCSI (the "KCSI
Board") or the Compensation Committee of the KCSI Board and that Executive has
no right to receive stock options or other equity participation awards or any
particular number or level of stock options or other awards. In determining
contributions, coverage and benefits under any disability insurance policy and
under any cash compensation-based plan provided to Executive by Railway, it
shall be assumed that the value of Executive's annual compensation, pursuant to
this Agreement, is 145% of Executive's annual base salary. Executive
acknowledges that all rights and benefits under benefit plans and programs shall
be governed by the official text of each plan or program and not by any summary
or description thereof or any provision of this Agreement (except to the extent
that this Agreement expressly modifies such benefit plans or programs) and that
none of KCSI, nor

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

Railway is under any obligation to continue in effect or to fund any such plan
or program, except as provided in Paragraph 7 hereof.

      4.    Termination.

            (a)   Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate this
Agreement and his employment hereunder by at least thirty (30) days advance
written notice to Railway, except that in the event of any material breach of
this Agreement by Railway, Executive may terminate this Agreement and his
employment hereunder immediately upon notice to Railway.

            (b)   Death or Disability. This Agreement and Executive's employment
hereunder shall terminate automatically on the death or disability of Executive,
except to the extent employment is continued under Railway's disability plan.
For purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be deemed to be disabled if he
qualifies for disability benefits under Railway's long-term disability plan.

            (c)   Termination by Railway For Cause. Railway may terminate this
Agreement and Executive's employment "for cause" immediately upon notice to
Executive. For purposes of this Agreement (except for Paragraph 7), termination
"for cause" shall mean termination based upon any one or more of the following:

                  (i)   Any material breach of this Agreement by Executive;

                  (ii)  Executive's dishonesty involving Railway, KCSI, or any
      subsidiary of Railway, or KCSI;

                  (iii) Gross negligence or willful misconduct in the
      performance of Executive's duties as determined in good faith by the
      Railway Board;

                  (iv)  Willful failure by Executive to follow reasonable
      instructions of the President or other officer to whom Executive reports;

                  (v)   Executive's fraud or criminal activity; or

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

                  (vi)  Embezzlement or misappropriation by Executive.

            (d)   Termination by Railway Other Than For Cause.

                  (i)   Railway may terminate this Agreement and Executive's
      employment other than for cause immediately upon notice to Executive, and
      in such event, Railway shall provide severance benefits to Executive in
      accordance with Paragraph 4(d)(ii) below.

                  (ii)  Unless the provisions of Paragraph 7 of this Agreement
      are applicable, if Executive's employment is terminated under Paragraph
      4(d)(i), Railway shall continue, for a period of one (1) year following
      such termination, (a) to pay to Executive as severance pay a monthly
      amount equal to one-twelfth (1/12th) of the annual base salary referenced
      in Paragraph 2(a) above, at the rate in effect immediately prior to
      termination, and, (b) to reimburse Executive for the cost (including state
      and federal income taxes payable with respect to this reimbursement) of
      continuing the health insurance coverage provided pursuant to this
      Agreement or obtaining health insurance coverage comparable to the health
      insurance provided pursuant to this Agreement, and obtaining coverage
      comparable to the life insurance provided pursuant to this Agreement,
      unless Executive is provided comparable health or life insurance coverage
      in connection with other employment. The foregoing obligations of Railway
      shall continue until the end of such one (1) year period notwithstanding
      the death or disability of Executive during said period (except, in the
      event of death, the obligation to reimburse Executive for the cost of life
      insurance shall not continue). In the year in which termination of
      employment occurs, Executive shall be eligible to receive benefits under
      the Railway Incentive Compensation Plan and any Executive Plan in which
      Executive participates (the "Executive Plan") (if such Plans then are in
      existence and Executive was entitled to participate immediately prior to
      termination) in accordance with the provisions of such plans then
      applicable, and severance

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      pay received in such year shall be taken into account for the purpose of
      determining benefits, if any, under the Railway Incentive Compensation
      Plan but not under the Executive Plan. After the year in which termination
      occurs, Executive shall not be entitled to accrue or receive benefits
      under the Railway Incentive Compensation Plan or the Executive Plan with
      respect to the severance pay provided herein, notwithstanding that
      benefits under such plan then are still generally available to executive
      employees of Railway. After termination of employment, Executive shall not
      be entitled to accrue or receive benefits under any other employee benefit
      plan or program, except that Executive shall be entitled to participate in
      the KCSI Profit Sharing Plan, the KCSI Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
      the KCSI Section 401(k) Plan (if Railway employees then still participate
      in such plans) in the year of termination of employment only if Executive
      meets all requirements of such plans for participation in such year.

      5.    Non-Disclosure. During the term of this Agreement and at all times
after any termination of this Agreement, Executive shall not, either directly or
indirectly, use or disclose any Railway trade secret, except to the extent
necessary for Executive to perform his duties for Railway while an employee. For
purposes of this Agreement, the term "Railway trade secret" shall mean any
information regarding the business or activities of Railway or any subsidiary or
affiliate, including any formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method,
technique, process, customer list, technical information or other confidential
or proprietary information, that (a) derives independent economic value, actual
or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily
ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value
from its disclosure or use, and (b) is the subject of efforts of Railway or its
subsidiary or affiliate that are reasonable under the circumstance to maintain
its secrecy. In the event of any breach of this Paragraph 5 by Executive,
Railway shall be entitled to terminate any and all remaining severance

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

benefits under Paragraph 4(d)(ii) and shall be entitled to pursue such other
legal and equitable remedies as may be available.

      6.    Duties Upon Termination; Survival.

            (a)   Duties. Upon termination of this Agreement by Railway or
Executive for any reason, Executive shall immediately return to Railway all
Railway trade secrets which exist in tangible form and shall sign such written
resignations from all positions as an officer, director or member of any
committee or board of Railway and all direct and indirect subsidiaries and
affiliates of Railway as may be requested by Railway and shall sign such other
documents and papers relating to Executive's employment, benefits and benefit
plans as Railway may reasonably request.

            (b)   Survival. The provisions of Paragraphs 5, 6(a) and 7 of this
Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement by Railway or
Executive, and the provisions of Paragraph 4(d)(ii) shall survive any
termination of this Agreement by Railway under Paragraph 4(d)(i).

      7.    Continuation of Employment Upon Change in Control

            (a)   Continuation of Employment. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Paragraph 7, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined
in Paragraph 7(d)) at any time during the term of this Agreement, Executive
agrees to remain in the employ of Railway for a period of three years (the
"Three-Year Period") from the date of such Change in Control (the "Control
Change Date"). Railway agrees to continue to employ Executive for the Three-Year
Period. During the Three-Year Period, (i) the Executive's position (including
offices, titles, reporting requirements and responsibilities), authority and
duties shall be at least commensurate in all material respects with the most
significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any time during the 12
month period immediately before

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

the Control Change Date and (ii) the Executive's services shall be performed at
the location where Executive was employed immediately before the Control Change
Date or at any other location less than 40 miles from such former location.
During the Three-Year Period, Railway shall continue to pay to Executive an
annual base salary on the same basis and at the same intervals as in effect
prior to the Control Change Date at a rate not less than 12 times the highest
monthly base salary paid or payable to the Executive by Railway in respect of
the 12-month period immediately before the Control Change Date.

            (b)   Benefits. During the Three-Year Period, Executive shall be
entitled to participate, on the basis of his executive position, in each of the
following KCSI, or Railway plans (together, the "Specified Benefits") in
existence, and in accordance with the terms thereof, at the Control Change Date:

                  (i)   any benefit plan, and trust fund associated therewith,
      related to (A) life, health, dental, disability, accidental death and
      dismemberment insurance or accrued but unpaid vacation time, (B) profit
      sharing, thrift or deferred savings (including deferred compensation, such
      as under Sec. 401(k) plans), (C) retirement or pension benefits, (D) ERISA
      excess benefits and similar plans and (E) tax favored employee stock
      ownership (such as under ESOP, and Employee Stock Purchase programs); and

                  (ii)  any other benefit plans hereafter made generally
      available to executives of Executive's level or to the employees of
      Railway generally.

      In addition, Railway and KCSI shall use their best efforts to cause all
outstanding options held by Executive under any stock option plan of KCSI or its
affiliates to become immediately exercisable on the Control Change Date and to
the extent that such options are not vested and are subsequently forfeited, the
Executive shall receive a lump-sum cash payment within 5 days after the options
are forfeited equal to the difference between the fair market value of the
shares of stock subject to the non-vested, forfeited options determined as of
the date such options are forfeited and the exercise price for such options.
During the Three-Year Period Executive shall

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

be entitled to participate, on the basis of his executive position, in any
incentive compensation plan of KCSI, or Railway in accordance with the terms
thereof at the Control Change Date; provided that if under KCSI, or Railway
programs or Executive's Employment Agreement in existence immediately prior to
the Control Change Date, there are written limitations on participation for a
designated time period in any incentive compensation plan, such limitations
shall continue after the Control Change Date to the extent so provided for prior
to the Control Change Date.

      If the amount of contributions or benefits with respect to the Specified
Benefits or any incentive compensation is determined on a discretionary basis
under the terms of the Specified Benefits or any incentive compensation plan
immediately prior to the Control Change Date, the amount of such contributions
or benefits during the Three-Year Period for each of the Specified Benefits
shall not be less than the average annual contributions or benefits for each
Specified Benefit for the three plan years ending prior to the Control Change
Date and, in the case of any incentive compensation plan, the amount of the
incentive compensation during the Three-Year Period shall not be less than 75%
of the maximum that could have been paid to the Executive under the terms of the
incentive compensation plan.

            (c)   Payment. With respect to any plan or agreement under which
Executive would be entitled at the Control Change Date to receive Specified
Benefits or incentive compensation as a general obligation of Railway which has
not been separately funded (including specifically, but not limited to, those
referred to under Paragraph 7(b)(i)(d) above), Executive shall receive within
five (5) days after such date full payment in cash (discounted to the then
present value on the basis of a rate of seven percent (7%) per annum) of all
amounts to which he is then entitled thereunder.

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

            (d)   Change in Control. Except as provided in the last sentence of
this Paragraph 7(d), for purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in Control" shall
be deemed to have occurred if:

                  (i)   for any reason at any time less than seventy-five
      percent (75%) of the members of the KCSI Board shall be individuals who
      fall into any of the following categories: (A) individuals who were
      members of the KCSI Board on the date of the Agreement; or (B) individuals
      whose election, or nomination for election by KCSI's stockholders, was
      approved by a vote of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members
      of the KCSI Board then still in office who were members of the KCSI Board
      on the date of the Agreement; or (C) individuals whose election, or
      nomination for election, by KCSI's stockholders, was approved by a vote of
      at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the members of the KCSI Board then
      still in office who were elected in the manner described in (A) or (B)
      above, or

                  (ii)  any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and
      14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"))
      other than KCSI shall have become after September 18, 1997, according to a
      public announcement or filing, the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
      13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of
      Railway or KCSI representing thirty percent (30%) (or, with respect to
      Paragraph 7(c) hereof, 40%) or more (calculated in accordance with Rule
      13d-3) of the combined voting power of Railway's or KCSI's then
      outstanding voting securities; or

                  (iii) the stockholders of Railway or KCSI shall have approved
      a merger, consolidation or dissolution of Railway or KCSI or a sale,
      lease, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of Railway's or
      KCSI's assets, if persons who were the beneficial

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      owners of the combined voting power of Railway's or KCSI's voting
      securities immediately before any such merger, consolidation, dissolution,
      sale, lease, exchange or disposition do not immediately thereafter,
      beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in substantially the same
      proportions, more than 60% of the combined voting power of any corporation
      or other entity resulting from any such transaction.

            (e)   Termination After Control Change Date. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Paragraph 7, at any time after the Control Change Date,
Railway may terminate the employment of Executive (the "Termination"), but
unless such Termination is for Cause as defined in subparagraph (g) or for
disability, within five (5) days of the Termination Railway shall pay to
Executive his full base salary through the Termination, to the extent not
theretofore paid, plus a lump sum amount (the "Special Severance Payment") equal
to the product (discounted to the then present value on the basis of a rate of
seven percent (7%) per annum) of (i) 160% of his annual base salary specified in
Paragraph 7(a) multiplied by (ii) Two; and Specified Benefits (excluding any
incentive compensation) to which Executive was entitled immediately prior to
Termination shall continue until the end of the 3-year period ("Benefits
Period") beginning on the date of Termination. If any plan pursuant to which
Specified Benefits are provided immediately prior to Termination would not
permit continued participation by Executive after Termination, then Railway
shall pay to Executive within five (5) days after Termination a lump sum payment
equal to the amount of Specified Benefits Executive would have received under
such plan if Executive had been fully vested in the average annual contributions
or benefits in effect for the three plan years ending prior to the Control
Change Date (regardless of any limitations based on the earnings or performance
of KCSI or Railway) and a continuing participant in such plan to the end of the
Benefits Period. Following the end of the Benefits Period, Railway shall
continue to provide to the Executive and the Executive's

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

family the following benefits ("Post-Period Benefits"): (1) prior to the
Executive's attainment of age sixty (60), health, prescription and dental
benefits equivalent to those then applicable to active peer executives of
Railway) and their families, as the same may be modified from time to time, and
(2) following the Executive's attainment of age sixty (60) (and without regard
to the Executive's period of service with Railway) health and prescription
benefits equivalent to those then applicable to retired peer executives of
Railway and their families, as the same may be modified from time to time. The
cost to the Executive of such Post-Period Benefits shall not exceed the cost of
such benefits to active or retired (as applicable) peer executives, as the same
may be modified from time to time. Notwithstanding the preceding two sentences
of this Paragraph 7(e), if the Executive is covered under any health,
prescription or dental plan provided by a subsequent employer, then the
corresponding type of plan coverage (i.e., health, prescription or dental),
required to be provided as Post-Period Benefits under this Paragraph 7(e) shall
cease. The Executive's rights under this Paragraph 7(e) shall be in addition to,
and not in lieu of, any post-termination continuation coverage or conversion
rights the Executive may have pursuant to applicable law, including without
limitation continuation coverage required by Section 4980 of the Code. Nothing
in this Paragraph 7(e) shall be deemed to limit in any manner the reserved right
of Railway, in its sole and absolute discretion, to at any time amend, modify or
terminate health, prescription or dental benefits for active or retired
employees generally.

      (f)   Resignation After Control Change Date. In the event of a Change in
Control as defined in Paragraph 7(d), thereafter, upon good reason (as defined
below), Executive may, at any time during the 3-year period following the Change
in Control, in his sole discretion, on not less than thirty (30) days' written
notice (the "Notice of Resignation") to the Secretary of Railway and effective
at the end of such notice period, resign his employment with Railway (the
"Resignation"). Within five (5) days of such a Resignation, Railway shall pay to
Executive his

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

full base salary through the effective date of such Resignation, to the extent
not theretofore paid, plus a lump sum amount equal to the Special Severance
Payment (computed as provided in the first sentence of Paragraph 7(e), except
that for purposes of such computation all references to "Termination" shall be
deemed to be references to "Resignation"). Upon Resignation of Executive,
Specified Benefits to which Executive was entitled immediately prior to
Resignation shall continue on the same terms and conditions as provided in
Paragraph 7(e) in the case of Termination (including equivalent payments
provided for therein), and Post-Period Benefits shall be provided on the same
terms and conditions as provided in Paragraph 7(e) in the case of Termination.
For purposes of this Agreement, "good reason" means any of the following:

                  (i)   the assignment to the Executive of any duties
      inconsistent in any respect with the Executive's position (including
      offices, titles, reporting requirements or responsibilities), authority or
      duties as contemplated by Section 7(a)(i), or any other action by Railway
      which results in a diminution or other material adverse change in such
      position, authority or duties;

                  (ii)  any failure by Railway to comply with any of the
      provisions of Paragraph 7;

                  (iii) Railway's requiring the Executive to be based at any
      office or location other than the location described in Section 7(a)(ii);

                  (iv)  any other material adverse change to the terms and
      conditions of the Executive's employment; or

                  (v)   any purported termination by Railway of the Executive's
      employment other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement (any such
      purported termination shall not be effective for any other purpose under
      this Agreement).

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

A passage of time prior to delivery of the Notice of Resignation or a failure by
the Executive to include in the Notice of Resignation any fact or circumstance
which contributes to a showing of Good Reason shall not waive any right of the
Executive under this Agreement or preclude the Executive from asserting such
fact or circumstance in enforcing rights under this Agreement.

            (g)   Termination for Cause After Control Change Date.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Paragraph 7, at any time after the
Control Change Date, Executive may be terminated by Railway "for cause." Cause
means commission by the Executive of any felony or willful breach of duty by the
Executive in the course of the Executive's employment; except that Cause shall
not mean:

                  (i)   bad judgment or negligence;

                  (ii)  any act or omission believed by the Executive in good
      faith to have been in or not opposed to the interest of Railway (without
      intent of the Executive to gain, directly or indirectly, a profit to which
      the Executive was not legally entitled);

                  (iii) any act or omission with respect to which a
      determination could properly have been made by the Railway Board that the
      Executive met the applicable standard of conduct for indemnification or
      reimbursement under Railway's by-laws, any applicable indemnification
      agreement, or applicable law, in each case in effect at the time of such
      act or omission; or

                  (iv)  any act or omission with respect to which Notice of
      Termination of the Executive is given more than 12 months after the
      earliest date on which any member of the Railway Board, not a party to the
      act or omission, knew or should have known of such act or omission.

Any Termination of the Executive's employment by Railway for Cause shall be
communicated to the Executive by Notice of Termination.

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

            (h)   Gross-up for Certain Taxes. If it is determined (by the
reasonable computation of Railway's independent auditors, which determinations
shall be certified to by such auditors and set forth in a written certificate
("Certificate") delivered to the Executive) that any benefit received or deemed
received by the Executive from Railway or KCSI pursuant to this Agreement or
otherwise (collectively, the "Payments") is or will become subject to any excise
tax under Section 4999 of the Code or any similar tax payable under any United
States federal, state, local or other law (such excise tax and all such similar
taxes collectively, "Excise Taxes"), then Railway shall, immediately after such
determination, pay the Executive an amount (the "Gross-up Payment") equal to the
product of:

                  (i)   the amount of such Excise Taxes; multiplied by

                  (ii)  the Gross-up Multiple (as defined in Paragraph 7(k)).
      The Gross-up Payment is intended to compensate the Executive for the
      Excise Taxes and any federal, state, local or other income or excise taxes
      or other taxes payable by the Executive with respect to the Gross-up
      Payment.

                  Railway shall cause the preparation and delivery to the
      Executive of a Certificate upon request at any time. Railway shall, in
      addition to complying with this Paragraph 7(h), cause all determinations
      and certifications under Paragraphs 7(h)-(o) to be made as soon as
      reasonably possible and in adequate time to permit the Executive to
      prepare and file the Executive's individual tax returns on a timely basis.

            (i)   Determination by the Executive.

                  (i)   If Railway shall fail (A) to deliver a Certificate to
      the Executive or (B) to pay to the Executive the amount of the Gross-up
      Payment, if any, within 14 days after receipt from the Executive of a
      written request for a Certificate, or if at any time following receipt of
      a Certificate the Executive disputes the amount of the Gross-up

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      Payment set forth therein, the Executive may elect to demand the payment
      of the amount which the Executive, in accordance with an opinion of
      counsel to the Executive ("Executive Counsel Opinion"), determines to be
      the Gross-up Payment. Any such demand by the Executive shall be made by
      delivery to Railway of a written notice which specifies the Gross-up
      Payment determined by the Executive and an Executive Counsel Opinion
      regarding such Gross-up Payment (such written notice and opinion
      collectively, the "Executive's Determination"). Within 14 days after
      delivery of the Executive's Determination to Railway, Railway shall either
      (A) pay the Executive the Gross-up Payment set forth in the Executive's
      Determination (less the portion of such amount, if any, previously paid to
      the Executive by Railway) or (B) deliver to the Executive a Certificate
      specifying the Gross-up Payment determined by Railway's independent
      auditors, together with an opinion of Railway's counsel ("Railway Counsel
      Opinion"), and pay the Executive the Gross-up Payment specified in such
      Certificate. If for any reason Railway fails to comply with clause (B) of
      the preceding sentence, the Gross-up Payment specified in the Executive's
      Determination shall be controlling for all purposes.

                  (ii)  If the Executive does not make a request for, and
      Railway does not deliver to the Executive, a Certificate, Railway shall,
      for purposes of Paragraph 7(j), be deemed to have determined that no
      Gross-up Payment is due.

            (j)   Additional Gross-up Amounts. If, despite the initial
conclusion of Railway and/or the Executive that certain Payments are neither
subject to Excise Taxes nor to be counted in determining whether other Payments
are subject to Excise Taxes (any such item, a "Non-Parachute Item"), it is later
determined (pursuant to subsequently-enacted provisions of the Code, final
regulations or published rulings of the IRS, final IRS determination or judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction or Railway's independent auditors) that any
of the Non-Parachute

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

Items are subject to Excise Taxes, or are to be counted in determining whether
any Payments are subject to Excise Taxes, with the result that the amount of
Excise Taxes payable by the Executive is greater than the amount determined by
Railway or the Executive pursuant to Paragraph 7(h) or Paragraph 7(i), as
applicable, then Railway shall pay the Executive an amount (which shall also be
deemed a Gross-up Payment) equal to the product of:

                  (i)   the sum of (A) such additional Excise Taxes and (B) any
      interest, fines, penalties, expenses or other costs incurred by the
      Executive as a result of having taken a position in accordance with a
      determination made pursuant to Paragraph 7(h); multiplied by

                  (ii)  the Gross-up Multiple.

            (k)   Gross-up Multiple. The Gross-up Multiple shall equal a
fraction, the numerator of which is one (1.0), and the denominator of which is
one (1.0) minus the sum, expressed as a decimal fraction, of the rates of all
federal, state, local and other income and other taxes and any Excise Taxes
applicable to the Gross-up Payment; provided that, if such sum exceeds 0.8, it
shall be deemed equal to 0.8 for purposes of this computation. (If different
rates of tax are applicable to various portions of a Gross-up Payment, the
weighted average of such rates shall be used.)

            (l)   Opinion of Counsel. "Executive Counsel Opinion" means a legal
opinion of nationally recognized executive compensation counsel that there is a
reasonable basis to support a conclusion that the Gross-up Payment determined by
the Executive has been calculated in accord with this Paragraph 7 and applicable
law. "Company Counsel Opinion" means a legal opinion of nationally recognized
executive compensation counsel that (i) there is a reasonable basis to support a
conclusion that the Gross-up Payment set forth in the Certificate of Railway's
independent auditors has been calculated in accord with this Paragraph 7 and
applicable law, and

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

(ii) there is no reasonable basis for the calculation of the Gross-up Payment
determined by the Executive.

            (m)   Amount Increased or Contested. The Executive shall notify
Railway in writing of any claim by the IRS or other taxing authority that, if
successful, would require the payment by Railway of a Gross-up Payment. Such
notice shall include the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim
is due to be paid. The Executive shall give such notice as soon as practicable,
but no later than 10 business days, after the Executive first obtains actual
knowledge of such claim; provided, however, that any failure to give or delay in
giving such notice shall affect Railway's obligations under this Paragraph 7
only if and to the extent that such failure results in actual prejudice to
Railway. The Executive shall not pay such claim less than 30 days after the
Executive gives such notice to Railway (or, if sooner, the date on which payment
of such claim is due). If Railway notifies the Executive in writing before the
expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive
shall:

                  (i)   give Railway any information that it reasonably requests
      relating to such claim;

                  (ii)  take such action in connection with contesting such
      claim as Railway reasonably requests in writing from time to time,
      including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
      to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by Railway;

                  (iii) cooperate with Railway in good faith to contest such
      claim; and

                  (iv)  permit Railway to participate in any proceedings
      relating to such claim; provided, however, that Railway shall bear and pay
      directly all costs and expenses (including additional interest and
      penalties) incurred in connection with such contest and shall indemnify
      and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      Tax or income tax, including related interest and penalties, imposed as a
      result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses. Without
      limiting the foregoing, Railway shall control all proceedings in
      connection with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forego
      any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences
      with the taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole
      option, either direct the Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a
      refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner. The Executive
      agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any
      administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or
      more appellate courts, as Railway shall determine; provided, however, that
      if Railway directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund,
      Railway shall advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an
      interest-free basis and shall indemnify the Executive, on an after-tax
      basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax, including related interest or
      penalties, imposed with respect to such advance; and further provided that
      any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes
      for the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which such contested
      amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount.
      The Railway's control of the contest shall be limited to issues with
      respect to which a Gross-up Payment would be payable. The Executive shall
      be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue
      raised by the IRS or other taxing authority.

            (n)   Refunds. If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount
advanced by Railway pursuant to Paragraph 7(m), the Executive receives any
refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to Railway's
complying with the requirements of Paragraph 7(m)) promptly pay Railway the
amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after
taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the Executive of an

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

amount advanced by Railway pursuant to Paragraph 7(m), a determination is made
that the Executive shall not be entitled to a full refund with respect to such
claim and Railway does not notify the Executive in writing of its intent to
contest such determination before the expiration of 30 days after such
determination, then the applicable part of such advance shall be forgiven and
shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset,
to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-up Payment required to be paid. Any
contest of a denial of refund shall be controlled by Paragraph 7(m).

            (o)   Expenses. If any dispute should arise under this Agreement
after the Control Change Date involving an effort by Executive to protect,
enforce or secure rights or benefits claimed by Executive hereunder, Railway
shall pay (promptly upon demand by Executive accompanied by reasonable evidence
of incurrence) all reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by
Executive in connection with such dispute, without regard to whether Executive
prevails in such dispute except that Executive shall repay Railway any amounts
so received if a court having jurisdiction shall make a final, nonappealable
determination that Executive acted frivolously or in bad faith by such dispute.
To assure Executive that adequate funds will be made available to discharge
Railway's obligations set forth in the preceding sentence, Railway has
established a trust and upon the occurrence of a Change in Control shall
promptly deliver to the trustee of such trust to hold in accordance with the
terms and conditions thereof that sum which the Railway Board shall have
determined is reasonably sufficient for such purpose.

            (p)   Prevailing Provisions. On and after the Control Change Date,
the provisions of this Paragraph 7 shall control and take precedence over any
other provisions of this Agreement which are in conflict with or address the
same or a similar subject matter as the provisions of this Paragraph 7.

                                      -19-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

      8.    Mitigation and Other Employment. After a termination of Executive's
employment pursuant to Paragraph 4(d)(i) or a Change in Control as defined in
Paragraph 7(d), Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any
payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise,
and except as otherwise specifically provided in Paragraph 4(d)(ii) with respect
to health and life insurance and in Paragraph 7(e) with respect to health,
prescription and dental benefits, no such other employment, if obtained, or
compensation or benefits payable in connection therewith shall reduce any
amounts or benefits to which Executive is entitled hereunder. Such amounts or
benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement shall not be treated as
damages but as severance compensation to which Executive is entitled because
Executive's employment has been terminated.

      9.    KCSI Not An Obligor. Notwithstanding that KCSI has executed this
Agreement, it shall have no obligation for the payment of salary, benefits, or
other compensation hereunder, and all such obligations shall be the sole
responsibility of Railway.

      10.   Notice. Notices and all other communications to either party
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
given when personally delivered, delivered by facsimile or deposited in the
United States mail by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed,
in the case of Railway or KCSI, to Railway or KCSI at 114 West 11th Street,
Kansas City, Missouri 64105, Attention: Secretary, or, in the case of the
Executive, to him at 114 West 11th Street, Kansas City, Missouri, 64105, or to
such other address as a party shall designate by notice to the other party.

      11.   Amendment. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified,
waived or discharged unless such amendment, waiver, modification or discharge is
agreed to in writing signed by Executive, the President of Railway and the
President of KCSI. No waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach by
another party hereto of, or compliance with, any

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party
shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at
the time or at any prior or subsequent time.

      12.   Successors in Interest. The rights and obligations of KCSI and
Railway under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding in
each and every respect upon the direct and indirect successors and assigns of
KCSI and Railway, regardless of the manner in which such successors or assigns
shall succeed to the interest of KCSI or Railway hereunder, and this Agreement
shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of KCSI or
Railway or by any merger or consolidation or acquisition involving KCSI or
Railway, or upon any transfer of all or substantially all of KCSI's or Railway's
assets, or terminated otherwise than in accordance with its terms. In the event
of any such merger or consolidation or transfer of assets, the provisions of
this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
surviving corporation or the corporation or other person to which such assets
shall be transferred. Neither this Agreement nor any of the payments or benefits
hereunder may be pledged, assigned or transferred by Executive either in whole
or in part in any manner, without the prior written consent of Railway.

      13.   Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and
this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or
unenforceable provisions were omitted.

      14.   Controlling Law and Jurisdiction. The validity, interpretation and
performance of this Agreement shall be subject to and construed under the laws
of the State of Missouri, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.

      15.   Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and terminates and
supersedes all other prior

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.15

agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with
respect to the terms of Executive's employment or severance arrangements.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amended and
Restated Agreement as of the 1st day of August 2001.

                           THE KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN RAILWAY
                           COMPANY


                           By        /s/ Michael R. Haverty
                              ---------------------------------
                                  Michael R. Haverty
                                  President and CEO

                           EXECUTIVE

                                     /s/ Jerry W. Heavin
                              ---------------------------------
                                  Jerry W. Heavin

                                      -22-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
