<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(F)
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit No. (10)f









                           KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN










                         EFFECTIVE AS OF OCTOBER 1, 1994



                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                              AS OF APRIL 25, 2002


<PAGE>







                           KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

         KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION HEREBY AMENDS AND RESTATES IN ITS ENTIRETY,
         THE KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN, EFFECTIVE
         APRIL 25, 2002.

I.       PURPOSE

         The purpose of this Kimberly-Clark Corporation Deferred Compensation
         Plan is to permit a select group of management or highly compensated
         employees of Kimberly-Clark Corporation and its subsidiaries to defer
         income which would otherwise become payable to them.

II.      DEFINITIONS AND CERTAIN PROVISIONS

         2.1      "Agreement" means the Plan Agreement(s) executed between a
                  Participant and the Company, whereby a Participant agrees to
                  defer a portion of his or her Salary or Bonus, or both,
                  pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, and the Company agrees
                  to make benefit payments in accordance with the provisions of
                  the Plan. In the event the terms of the Agreement conflict
                  with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall be
                  controlling.

         2.2      "Beneficiary" means the person or persons who under this Plan
                  becomes entitled to receive a Participant's interest in the
                  event of the Participant's death.

         2.3      "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the
                  Company.

         2.4      "Bonus" means any amount(s) paid during a calendar year to the
                  Participant under the Company's Management Achievement Award
                  Program or any successor program, the Company's Executive
                  Officer Achievement Award Program, or any successor or
                  additional program.

         2.5      A "Change of Control" of the Company shall be deemed to have
                  taken place if: (i) a third person, including a "group" as
                  defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                  1934, as amended, acquires shares of the Company having 20% or
                  more of the total number of votes that may be cast for the
                  election of Directors of the Company; or (ii) as the result of
                  any cash tender or exchange offer, merger or other business
                  combination, sale of assets or contested election, or any
                  combination of the foregoing transactions (a "Transaction"),
                  the persons who were directors of the Company before the
                  Transaction shall cease to constitute a majority of the Board
                  of Directors of the Company or any successor to the Company.

         2.6      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code for 1986, as amended
                  and any lawful regulations or other pronouncements promulgated
                  thereunder.

         2.7      "Committee" means the Retirement Trust Committee named under
                  the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Salaried Employers' Retirement
                  Plan.

         2.8      "Company" means Kimberly-Clark Corporation, a Delaware
                  corporation, and its subsidiaries and any successor in
                  interest. For purposes of the Plan, a subsidiary

<PAGE>

                  is a corporation, 50% or more of the voting shares of which
                  are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, which is
                  incorporated under the laws of one of the states of the United
                  States.

         2.9      "Compensation Committee" means the Compensation Committee of
                  the Board of Directors.

         2.10     "Deferral Year" means any calendar year 1995 through 2006. For
                  purposes of 1994, Deferral Year means the Effective Date of
                  the Plan through December 31, 1994. For purposes of 1994,
                  Deferral Year means the Effective Date of the Plan through
                  December 31, 1994.

         2.11     "Deferred Benefit Account" means the cumulative total dollar
                  amount that a Participant elects to defer in the Agreement,
                  including gains and losses pursuant to Section 3 as maintained
                  on the books of the Company for a Participant under this Plan.
                  A Participant's Deferred Benefit Account shall not constitute
                  or be treated as a trust fund of any kind.

         2.12     "Determination Date" means the date on which the amount of a
                  Participant's Deferred Benefit Account is determined as
                  provided in Article III hereof.

         2.13     "Disability" shall have the same meaning as the phrase
                  "Totally and Permanently Disabled" under the Kimberly-Clark
                  Corporation Salaried Employees' Retirement Plan. The
                  determination of a Participant's having become Disabled shall
                  be made by the Retirement Committee of the Kimberly-Clark
                  Corporation Salaried Employees' Retirement Plan.

         2.14     "Effective Date" means October 1, 1994.

         2.15     "Investment Grade" means a bond rating of BBB minus, or its
                  equivalent, by one of the nationally recognized rating
                  agencies.

         2.16     "Participant" means an employee of the Company, or its
                  subsidiaries or affiliated companies, who is eligible to
                  participate in the Plan pursuant to Article III, who has
                  executed an Agreement with the Company, and who has commenced
                  Salary or Bonus, or both Salary and Bonus, reductions pursuant
                  to such Agreement.

         2.17     "Plan" means the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Deferred
                  Compensation Plan as amended from time to time.2.18

         2.18     "Retirement Date" means the date of Termination of Service of
                  the Participant on or after he or she attains age 55 and has
                  5 Years of Service with the Company.

         2.19     "Salary" means the Participant's base salary which would be
                  received during a calendar year if no election to defer were
                  made, including any 401(k) Contributions under the Company
                  Incentive Investment Plan or pre-tax contributions under the
                  Company's Flexible Benefit Plan." For purposes of this Plan,
                  Salary shall not include severance or other payments made in
                  connection with a Participant's Termination of Service.

<PAGE>

         2.20     "Termination of Service" means the Participant's cessation of
                  his or her service with the Company for any reason whatsoever,
                  whether voluntarily or involuntarily, including by reason of
                  retirement, death, or Disability.

         2.21     "Valuation Date" means, for purposes of crediting earnings
                  under Section 3.6 and determining a Participant's Deferred
                  Benefit Account under Section 3.7, any business day on which
                  securities are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

         2.22     "Years of Service" shall have the same meaning as defined
                  under the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Salaried Employees'
                  Retirement Plan.

III.     PARTICIPATION AND COMPENSATION REDUCTION

         3.1      Participation. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to
                  the Chief Executive Officer, elected officers and all eligible
                  officers and/or employees of the Company, approved to
                  participate by the Chief Executive Officer in his sole
                  discretion, and who elect to participate in the Plan. A
                  Participant must file an Agreement with the Committee, at such
                  time and in such form as the Committee may require or permit,
                  prior to the first day of the deferral period in which a
                  Participant's participation commences in the Plan. The
                  election to participate shall be effective upon receipt by the
                  Committee of the Agreement that is properly completed and
                  executed in conformity with the Plan.

         3.2      Minimum and Maximum Deferral and Length of Participation.
                  A Participant may elect to defer any amount of his or her
                  Salary or Bonus, or both, to the extent that any portion of
                  such amounts would not be deductible by the Company pursuant
                  to Section 162(m) of the Code. In addition, a Participant may
                  elect to defer from 10% to 100% of his or her Bonus paid
                  during a Deferral Year in 1% increments.

                  In the event a Participant elects to defer an amount of his or
                  her Salary and/or Bonus that would not allow for the full
                  payment of all FICA, federal, state and/or local income tax
                  liabilities, the Company may withhold all or a portion of any
                  applicable taxes from the Participant's Salary to the extent
                  required by law.

                  In no event may the amount of a Participant's deferral
                  election related to his or her Bonus paid during a
                  Deferral Year be less than $5,000. The deferral opportunity
                  shall extend through December 31, 2006. A Participant shall
                  make an annual election for the upcoming Deferral Year in the
                  year preceding the Deferral Year for which the election is
                  being made. Except as provided in Section 3.5, "Emergency
                  Benefit: Waiver of Deferral," any election so made shall be
                  irrevocable with respect to Salary and Bonus applicable to
                  that Deferral Year.

                  Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary,
                  a Participant may not elect to defer any amount under this
                  Plan unless the Participant files a statement with
                  the Committee that the Participant had individual income in
                  excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or
                  joint income with that person's spouse in excess of $300,000
                  in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of
                  reaching the same income level in the current year.

         3.3      Timing of Deferral Credits. The amount of Salary or Bonus, or
                  both that a Participant elects to defer in the Agreement shall
                  cause an equivalent reduction in

<PAGE>

                  the Participant's Salary and Bonus, respectively. Deferrals
                  shall be credited throughout each Deferral Year as the
                  Participant is paid the non-deferred portion of Salary and
                  Bonus for such Deferral Year.

         3.4      New Participants. An individual who is hired into a position
                  which satisfies the requirements of a Participant shall be
                  eligible to participate in the Plan thirty (30) days after
                  satisfying the criteria for participation. The eligible
                  employee shall be bound by all terms and conditions of the
                  Plan, provided, however, that his Agreement must be filed no
                  later than thirty (30) days following his eligibility to
                  participate.

                  Employees who satisfy the criteria of a Participant as a
                  result of a promotion or Salary increase will be eligible to
                  participate in the Plan beginning on January 1st of the
                  calendar year following eligibility.

         3.5      Emergency Benefit: Waiver of Deferral. In the event that the
                  Committee, upon written petition of the Participant or his or
                  her Beneficiary, determines in its sole discretion, that the
                  Participant or his or her Beneficiary has suffered an
                  unforeseeable financial emergency, the Company shall pay to
                  the Participant or his or her Beneficiary as soon as possible
                  following such determination, an amount from the Participant's
                  Deferred Benefit Account not in excess of the amount necessary
                  to satisfy the emergency. For purposes of this Plan, an
                  "unforeseeable financial emergency" is an unanticipated
                  emergency that is caused by an event beyond the control of the
                  Participant or Beneficiary and that would result in severe
                  financial hardship to the individual if the emergency
                  distribution were not permitted. Cash needs arising from
                  foreseeable events, such as the purchase of a residence or
                  education expenses for children shall not be considered the
                  result of an unforeseeable financial emergency. For purposes
                  of this Plan, an "unforeseeable financial emergency" is
                  limited to an event described in Treasury Regulation section
                  1.401(k)-1(d)(2)(iv)(A)(1) or (4). For purposes of this Plan,
                  a distribution is in "the amount necessary to satisfy the
                  emergency" only if the requirements of Treasury Regulation
                  section 1.401(k)-1(d)(2)(iv)(B) are satisfied. The Committee
                  shall also grant a waiver of the Participant's agreement to
                  defer a stated amount of Salary and Bonus upon finding that
                  the Participant has suffered an unforeseeable financial
                  emergency. The waiver shall be for such period of time as the
                  Committee deems necessary under the circumstances to relieve
                  the hardship.

                  3.6 Crediting of Earnings - As of the close of business on
                  each Valuation Date the designated Deferred Benefit Account of
                  each Participant shall be capable of being valued and adjusted
                  to preserve for each Participant his or her proportionate
                  interest in the related funds as if such account held actual
                  assets and such assets were among such investment funds as the
                  Participant, retired Participant or Beneficiary elected
                  pursuant to Section 3.8. As of each Valuation Date the
                  Deferred Benefit Account of each Participant shall be capable
                  of being adjusted to reflect the effect of income, collected
                  and accrued, realized and unrealized profits and losses,
                  expenses which would have been incurred in connection with the
                  sale, investment and reinvestment of the investment funds
                  (such as brokerage, postage, express and insurance charges and
                  transfer taxes), and all other transactions with respect to
                  the related fund. The effect of such transactions shall be
                  determined by the Committee in accordance with generally
                  accepted valuation principles applied

<PAGE>

                  on a consistent basis. Each Participant's Deferred Benefit
                  Account shall then be appropriately credited with his or her
                  deferred amounts as set forth in Section 3.7.

         3.7      Determination of Account. The balance of each Participant's
                  Deferred Benefit Account as of each Valuation Date shall be
                  calculated, in a manner determined by the Committee in
                  accordance with generally accepted valuation principles
                  applied on a consistent basis, as follows: the beginning
                  balance of each Participant's Deferred Benefit Account; less
                  distributions payable pursuant to Section 4.11 as of the
                  Valuation Date coincident with the Determination Date set
                  forth in Section 4.11 or, if none, the Valuation Date
                  immediately following such Determination Date; plus investment
                  earnings, gains and losses determined pursuant to Section 3.6
                  credited to each Participant's Deferred Benefit Account; plus
                  Participant deferrals credited to each Participant's Deferred
                  Benefit Account pursuant to Section 3.3.

         3.8      Investment Funds and Elections. - Participants, retired
                  Participants, and Beneficiaries may elect that their Deferred
                  Benefit Account be credited with earnings, gains and losses as
                  if such accounts held actual assets and such assets were among
                  such investment funds as the Company may designate. Any such
                  direction of investment shall be subject to such rules as the
                  Company and the Committee may prescribe, including, without
                  limitation, rules concerning the manner of providing
                  investment directions, the frequency of changing such
                  investment directions, and method of crediting earnings, gains
                  and losses for any portion of a Deferred Benefit Account which
                  is not covered by any valid investment directions.
                  Participants, retired Participants, and Beneficiaries shall
                  allocate their Deferred Benefit Account among the deemed
                  investment options by making an election online or filing an
                  election with the Committee at such time and in such form as
                  the Committee may require or permit. A Participant, retired
                  Participant or Beneficiary may elect to allocate his or her
                  Deferred Benefit Account in 1% increments (minimum of 5% per
                  investment option), among as many of the investment options
                  which are offered by the Company. The investment funds which
                  the Company may designate shall include but not be limited to
                  the following types of funds, which can be managed on an
                  individual basis or as part of a mutual fund, as the Company
                  shall determine:

                  (a) money market funds;
                  (b) common stock funds;
                  (c) bond funds;
                  (d) balanced funds;
                  (e) investment funds which are primarily invested in insurance
                      contracts; and
                  (f) investment funds which are provided for
                      under insurance contracts.

                  The Company shall have the sole discretion to determine the
                  number of investment funds to be designated hereunder and the
                  nature of the funds and may change or eliminate the investment
                  funds provided hereunder from time to time. The Committee
                  shall determine the rate of earnings, gains and losses to be
                  credited to Participant's Deferred Benefit Accounts under this
                  Plan with respect to any such investment fund for any period,
                  taking into account the return, net of any expenses which
                  would have been incurred in connection with the sale,
                  investment and reinvestment of the investment funds (such as
                  brokerage, postage, express

<PAGE>

                  and insurance charges and transfer taxes), of such investment
                  funds for such period.

         3.9      Reallocations. Prior to January 1, 2001, a Participant may
                  elect to reallocate all or any whole percentage portion of his
                  Deferred Benefit Account effective as of the last Valuation
                  Date of any calendar month.

                  Effective January 1, 2001, a Participant may elect as of any
                  day on which securities are traded on the New York Stock
                  Exchange to change the manner in which his or her Deferred
                  Benefit Account and his or her future deferrals are deemed
                  invested among the available investment fund options. Any
                  change of investment allocation received will be effective as
                  of the close of business on that business day if received by
                  3:00 p.m. Central Time (or, if earlier, the closing time of
                  the New York Stock Exchange or such other time and under such
                  other conditions as may be imposed by the recordkeeper or the
                  Committee under the Company Incentive Investment Plan). The
                  determination of a Participant's having timely elected a
                  change of investment allocation shall be made under the same
                  terms and conditions as are applicable to "Timely Notice" of
                  elections to reallocate under the terms of the Company
                  Incentive Investment Plan.

         3.10     Vesting of Deferred Benefit Account. A Participant shall be
                  100 percent vested in his or her Deferred Benefit Account
                  equal to the amount of Salary and Bonus he or she deferred
                  into the Deferred Benefit Account and the earnings, gains or
                  losses credited thereon.

IV.      BENEFITS

         4.1      Inservice Distribution. At the time a Participant executes an
                  Agreement, he or she may elect to receive a return of his or
                  her deferrals. The amount of the return of deferral shall be
                  equal to the lesser of the amount deferred in a specific year
                  or the Participant's Deferred Benefit Account. Each such
                  return of deferral shall be made in a lump sum as soon as
                  administratively feasible on or after the last business day of
                  October, which shall be no less than five (5) Deferral Years
                  following the year in which the deferral was originally made,
                  provided that the Participant continues in the employ of the
                  Company, its subsidiary or affiliated company until such date.
                  Once the Participant elects to receive his or her return of
                  deferral, the election shall be irrevocable. A return of
                  deferral pursuant to this Section 4.1 shall only be paid prior
                  to a Participant's Termination of Service. Any return of
                  deferral paid shall be deemed a distribution, and shall be
                  deducted from the Participant's Deferred Benefit Account. A
                  separate return of deferrals election shall be made for each
                  Deferral Year.

         4.2      Retirement Benefit. Subject to Section 4.6 below, upon a
                  Participant's Retirement Date, he or she shall be entitled to
                  receive the amount of his or her Deferred Benefit Account. The
                  form of benefit payment, and the commencement of such benefit,
                  shall be as provided in Section 4.6.

<PAGE>

         4.3      Termination Benefit. Upon the Termination of Service of a
                  Participant prior to his or her Retirement Date, for reasons
                  other than death or Disability, the Company shall pay to the
                  Participant, a benefit equal to his or her Deferred Benefit
                  Account.

                  Unless otherwise directed by the Committee, the termination
                  benefit shall be payable in a lump sum as set forth in Section
                  4.11 following the Participant's Termination of Service. Upon
                  a Termination of Service, the Participant shall immediately
                  cease to be eligible for any other benefit provided under this
                  Plan.

         4.4      Death Benefit. Upon the death of a Participant or a retired
                  Participant, the Beneficiary of such Participant shall receive
                  the Participant's remaining Deferred Benefit Account. Payment
                  of a Participant's remaining Deferred Benefit Account shall be
                  in accordance with Section 4.6.

         4.5      Disability. In the event of a Termination of Service due to
                  Disability prior to his or her Retirement Date, a disabled
                  Participant shall receive his or her remaining Deferred
                  Benefit Account. Payment of a Participant's remaining Deferred
                  Benefit Account shall be in accordance with Section 4.6.

         4.6      Form of Benefit Payment.

                  (a)      Upon the happening of an event described in Sections
                           4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, or 4.5, the Company shall pay to
                           the Participant the amount specified therein in a
                           lump sum.

                  (b)      In the event that a Participant retires as described
                           in Section 4.2, the Participant may, with the consent
                           of the Committee, elect an installment form of
                           benefit payments.  The written request must be made
                           prior to December 31 of the calendar year preceding
                           prior to December 31 of the calendar year
                           preceding the Participant's Retirement Date.  The
                           Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion,
                           grant the Participant's request. If, upon a
                           Participant's Retirement Date, the balance of a
                           Participant's Deferred Benefit Account is less than
                           $25,000, the Participant will be paid his or her
                           Deferred Benefit Account balance as of the
                           Participant's Retirement Date, in a final lump sum
                           payment.

                  (c)      In the event of the death of the Participant, as
                           described in Section 4.4, the Participant's
                           Beneficiary may, with the consent of the Committee,
                           elect an installment benefit payment. This written
                           request must be made no later than thirty (30) days
                           after the Participant's date of death. The Committee
                           may, in its sole discretion, grant such Beneficiary's
                           request.

                  (d)      In the event that a Participant terminates service
                           due to a Disability as described in Section 4.5, the
                           Participant may, with the consent of the Committee,
                           elect an installment form of benefit payment. The
                           written request must be made no later than thirty
                           (30) days after the date the Participant is
                           determined to be disabled by the Retirement Committee
                           of the Kimberly-Clark Salaried Employees' Retirement
                           Plan. The Committee may, in its sole discretion,
                           grant the Participant's request.

<PAGE>

                  (e)      In the event that installment payments are to
                           made pursuant to Subsections 4.6(b), (c) or
                           (d), such payments shall be in quarterly installments
                           commencing as soon as administratively feasible after
                           the Committee grants the request for an installment
                           form of benefit payment. Such quarterly installments
                           shall be payable in approximately equal amounts over
                           a period, no less than two (2) calendar years and no
                           more than twenty (20) calendar years. In addition,
                           if, at the time a Participant is scheduled to receive
                           an installment payment, the balance of his or her
                           Deferred Benefit Account is less than $5,000, the
                           Participant will be paid his or her remaining
                           Deferred Benefit Account balance in a final lump sum
                           payment.

                           Initially, the amount of any installments under the
                           installment form of payment described in this
                           Subsection 4.6(e) shall be equal to the balance of
                           the Participant's Deferred Benefit Account to be
                           distributed divided by the number of installments to
                           be paid. The amount of the installment payments shall
                           be recomputed annually and the installment payments
                           shall be increased or decreased to reflect any
                           changes in the Participant's Deferred Benefit Account
                           due to fluctuations in earnings, gains and losses on
                           the remaining balance and the number of remaining
                           installments. Quarterly installments payments will be
                           made on the last business day of January, April, July
                           and October.

         4.7      Limitations on the Annual Amount Paid to a Participant.
                  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the
                  contrary, in the event that a portion of the payments due a
                  Participant pursuant to Sections 3.5, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5,
                  or 4.6 would not be deductible by the Company pursuant to
                  Section 162(m) of the Code, the Company, at its sole
                  discretion, may postpone payment of such amounts to the
                  Participant until such time that the payments would be
                  deductible by the Company. Provided, however, that no payment
                  postponed pursuant to this Section 4.7 shall be postponed
                  beyond the first anniversary of such Participant's Termination
                  of Service.

         4.8      Change of Control and Lump Sum Payments.

                  (a)      If there is a Change of Control, notwithstanding any
                           other provision of this Plan, any Participant who has
                           a Deferred Benefit Account hereunder may, at any
                           time during a twenty-four (24) month period
                           immediately following a Change of Control, elect to
                           receive an immediate lump sum payment of the balance
                           of his or her Deferred Benefit Account, reduced by a
                           penalty equal to ten percent (10%) of the
                           Participant's Deferred Benefit Account as of the
                           Determination Date.  The ten percent (10%) penalty
                           shall be permanently forfeited and shall
                           not be paid to, or in respect of, the Participant.

                  (b)      If there is a Change of Control, notwithstanding any
                           other provision of this Plan, any retired or disabled
                           Participant, or Beneficiary, who has a Deferred
                           Benefit Account hereunder may, at any time during a
                           twenty-four (24) month period immediately following a
                           Change of Control, elect to receive an immediate lump
                           sum payment of the balance of his or her Deferred
                           Benefit Account, reduced by a penalty equal to five
                           percent (5%) of the Participant's Deferred Benefit
                           Account as of the Determination Date.  The

<PAGE>

                           five percent (5%) penalty of the retired or disabled
                           Participant's or Beneficiary's Deferred Benefit
                           Account shall be permanently forfeited and shall not
                           be paid to, or in respect of, the retired or disabled
                           Participant or Beneficiary.

                  (c)      In the event no such request is made by a
                           Participant, a retired or disabled Participant or
                           Beneficiary, the Plan and Agreement shall remain in
                           full force and effect.

         4.9      Change In Credit Rating and Lump Sum Payments.

                  In the event the Company's financial rating falls below
                  Investment Grade, a Participant, retired or disabled
                  Participant, or Beneficiary may at any time during a six (6)
                  month period following the reduction in the Company's
                  financial rating, elect to receive an immediate lump sum
                  payment of the balance of his or her Deferred Benefit Account
                  reduced by a penalty equal to ten percent (10%) of the
                  Participant's Deferred Benefit Account or five percent (5%) of
                  the retired or disabled Participant's or Beneficiary's
                  Deferred Benefit Account. The penalties accrued hereunder
                  shall be permanently forfeited and shall not be paid to, or in
                  respect of, the Participant, retired or disabled Participant
                  or Beneficiary.

                  In the event no such request is made by a Participant, retired
                  or disabled Participant or Beneficiary, the Plan and Agreement
                  shall remain in full force and effect.

         4.10     Tax Withholding.  To the extent required by law in effect at
                  the time payments are made, the Company shall withhold any
                  taxes required to be withheld by any Federal, State or local
                  government.

         4.11     Commencement of Payments. Unless otherwise provided,
                  commencement of payments under this Plan shall be as soon as
                  administratively feasible on or after the Determination Date
                  after receipt of notice by the Committee of an event which
                  entitles a Participant or a Beneficiary to payments under this
                  Plan.

         4.12     Recipients of Payments: Designation of Beneficiary. All
                  payments to be made by the Company under the Plan shall be
                  made to the Participant during his or her lifetime, provided
                  that if the Participant dies prior to the completion of such
                  payments, then all subsequent payments under the Plan shall be
                  made by the Company to the Beneficiary determined in
                  accordance with this Section. The Participant may designate a
                  Beneficiary by filing a written notice of such designation
                  with the Committee in such form as the Committee requires and
                  may include contingent Beneficiaries. The Participant may from
                  time-to-time change the designated Beneficiary by filing a new
                  designation in writing with the Committee. If no designation
                  is in effect at the time when any benefits payable under this
                  Plan shall become due, the Beneficiary shall be the spouse of
                  the Participant, or if no spouse is then living, the
                  representatives of the Participant's estate.

<PAGE>

V.       CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS PROCEDURE

         5.1      Claim for Benefits. Any claim for benefits under the Plan
                  shall be made in writing to any member of the Committee. If
                  such claim is wholly or partially denied by the Committee, the
                  Committee shall, within a reasonable period of time, but not
                  later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the claim, notify
                  the claimant of the denial of the claim. Such notice of denial
                  shall be in writing and shall contain:

                  (a)      The specific reason or reasons for denial of the
                           claim;

                  (b)      A reference to the relevant Plan provisions upon
                           which the denial is based;

                  (c)      A description of any additional material or
                           information necessary for the claimant to perfect the
                           claim, together with an explanation of why such
                           material or information is necessary; and

                  (d)      An explanation of the Plan's claim review procedure.

                  If no such notice is provided, the claim shall be deemed to
                  have been denied.

         5.2      Request for Review of a Denial of a Claim for Benefits. Upon
                  the receipt by the claimant of written notice of denial of the
                  claim, the claimant may file a written request to the
                  Committee, requesting a review of the denial of the claim,
                  which review shall include a hearing if deemed necessary by
                  the Committee. In connection with the claimant's appeal of the
                  denial of his or her claim, he or she may review relevant
                  documents and may submit issues and comments in writing.

         5.3      Decision Upon Review of Denial of Claim for Benefits. The
                  Committee shall render a decision on the claim review
                  promptly, but no more than sixty (60) days after the receipt
                  of the claimant's request for review, unless special
                  circumstances (such as the need to hold a hearing) require an
                  extension of time, in which case the sixty (60) day period
                  shall be extended to 120 days. Such decision shall:

                  (a)      Include specific reasons for the decision;

                  (b)      Be written in a manner calculated to be understood by
                           the claimant; and

                  (c)      Contain specific references to the relevant Plan
                           provisions upon which the decision is based.

                  The decision of the Committee shall be final and binding in
                  all respects on both the Company and the claimant.

<PAGE>

VI.      ADMINISTRATION

         6.1      Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.
                  The Committee shall elect one of its members as chairman.
                  Members of the Committee shall not receive compensation for
                  their services. Committee expenses shall be paid by the
                  Company. Members of the Committee or agents of the Committee
                  may be Participants under the Plan. No member of the Committee
                  who is also a Participant shall be involved in the decisions
                  of the Committee regarding any determination of any claim for
                  benefit with respect to himself or herself.

         6.2      General Rights, Powers, and Duties of Committee. The Committee
                  shall be responsible for the management, operation, and
                  administration of the Plan. The Committee may designate a
                  Committee member or an officer of the Company as Plan
                  Administrator. Absent such delegation, the Committee shall be
                  the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall perform
                  duties as designated by the Committee. In addition to any
                  powers, rights and duties set forth elsewhere in the Plan, it
                  shall have the following powers and duties:

                  (a)      To adopt such rules and regulations consistent with
                           the provisions of the Plan as it deems necessary for
                           the proper and efficient administration of the Plan;

                  (b)      To administer the Plan in accordance with its terms
                           and any rules and regulations it establishes;

                  (c)      To maintain records concerning the Plan sufficient to
                           prepare reports, returns and other information
                           required by the Plan or by law;

                  (d)      To construe and interpret the Plan including any
                           doubtful or contested terms and resolve all questions
                           arising under the Plan;

                  (e)      To direct the Company to pay benefits under the Plan,
                           and to give such other directions and instructions as
                           may be necessary for the proper administration of the
                           Plan;

                  (f)      To employ or retain agents, attorneys, actuaries,
                           accountants or other persons, who may also be
                           Participants in the Plan or be employed by or
                           represent the Company, as it deems necessary for the
                           effective exercise of its duties, and may delegate to
                           such agents any power and duties, both ministerial
                           and discretionary, as it may deem necessary and
                           appropriate; and

                  (g)      To be responsible for the preparation, filing and
                           disclosure on behalf of the Plan of such documents
                           and reports as are required by any applicable Federal
                           or State law.

         6.3      Information to be Furnished to Committee. The Company shall
                  furnish the Committee such data and information as it may
                  require. The records of the Company shall be determinative of
                  each Participant's period of employment, termination of
                  employment and the reason therefor, leave of absence,
                  reemployment, Years of Service, personal data, and Salary and
                  Bonus reductions.

<PAGE>

                  Participants and their Beneficiaries shall furnish to the
                  Committee such evidence, data, or information, and execute
                  such documents as the Committee requests.

         6.4      Responsibility. No member of the Committee, the Compensation
                  Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company shall be
                  liable to any person for any action taken or omitted in
                  connection with the administration of this Plan.

         6.5      Committee Review. Any action on matters within the discretion
                  of the Committee shall be final and conclusive as to all
                  Participants, retired Participants, disabled Participants,
                  Beneficiaries and other persons claiming rights under the
                  Plan. The Committee shall exercise all of the powers, duties
                  and responsibilities set forth hereunder in its sole
                  discretion.


VII.     AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

         7.1      Amendment. The Plan may be amended in whole or in part by
                  either the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee at
                  any time. Notice of any such amendment shall be given in
                  writing to the Committee and to each Participant and each
                  Beneficiary. No amendment shall decrease the value of a
                  Participant's Deferred Benefit Account.

         7.2      Company's Right to Terminate. The Board of Directors may
                  terminate the Plan and may terminate any Agreements pertaining
                  to the Participant at any time after the Effective Date of the
                  Plan. In the event of any such termination, the Participant
                  shall be entitled to the amount of his or her Deferred Benefit
                  Account determined under Section 3.7 as of the date of any
                  such termination. Such benefit shall be paid to the
                  Participant in quarterly installments over a period of no more
                  than ten (10) years, except that the Company, in its sole
                  discretion, may pay out such benefit in a lump sum or in
                  installments over a period shorter than ten (10) years.

VII.     MISCELLANEOUS

         8.1      No Implied Rights; Rights on Termination of Service. Neither
                  the establishment of the Plan nor any amendment thereof shall
                  be construed as giving any Participant, retired Participant,
                  disabled Participant, Beneficiary, or any other person any
                  legal or equitable right unless such right shall be
                  specifically provided for in the Plan or conferred by specific
                  action of the Company in accordance with the terms and
                  provisions of the Plan. Except as expressly provided in this
                  Plan, the Company shall not be required or be liable to make
                  any payment under the Plan.

         8.2      No Right to Company Assets. Neither the Participant nor any
                  other person shall acquire by reason of the Plan any right in
                  or title to any assets, funds or property of the Company
                  whatsoever including, without limiting the generality of the
                  foregoing, any specific funds, assets, or other property which
                  the Company, in its sole discretion, may set aside. Any
                  benefits which become payable hereunder shall be paid from the
                  general assets of the Company. The Participant shall have only
                  a contractual right to the amounts, if any, payable hereunder
                  unsecured by any asset of the Company. Nothing contained in
                  the Plan constitutes a guarantee by the Company that the
                  assets of the Company shall be sufficient to pay any benefit
                  to any person.

<PAGE>

         8.3      No Employment Rights. Nothing herein shall constitute a
                  contract of employment or of continuing service or in any
                  manner obligate the Company to continue the services of the
                  Participant, or obligate the Participant to continue in the
                  service of the Company, or as a limitation of the right of the
                  Company to discharge any of its employees, with or without
                  cause. Nothing herein shall be construed as fixing or
                  regulating the Salary and Bonus payable to the Participant.

         8.4      Offset. If, at the time payments or installments of payments
                  are to be made hereunder, the Participant, retired
                  Participant, disabled Participant, or the Beneficiary are
                  indebted or obligated to the Company, then the payments
                  remaining to be made to the Participant, retired Participant,
                  disabled Participant, or the Beneficiary may, at the sole
                  discretion of the Company, be reduced by the amount of such
                  indebtedness or obligation, provided, however, that an
                  election by the Company not to reduce any such payment or
                  payments shall not constitute a waiver of its claim for such
                  indebtedness or obligation.

         8.5      Non-assignability. Neither the Participant nor any other
                  person shall have any voluntary or involuntary right to
                  commute, sell, assign, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or
                  otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance
                  of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or
                  any part thereof, which are expressly declared to be
                  unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts
                  payable shall be, prior to actual payment, subject to seizure
                  or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments,
                  alimony or separate maintenance owed by the Participant or any
                  other person, or be transferable by operation of law in the
                  event of the Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or
                  insolvency.

         8.6      Successors, Mergers, and Consolidations. The Plan and any
                  Agreement thereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be
                  binding upon (i) the Company and its successors and assigns,
                  including without limitation, any corporation into which the
                  Company may be merged or consolidated, or which acquires all
                  or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company
                  and (ii) the Participant and his or her heirs, executors,
                  administrators and legal representatives.

         8.7      Notice. Any notice required or permitted to be given under the
                  Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered, or
                  sent by registered or certified mail, and if given to the
                  Company, delivered to the principal office of the Company,
                  directed to the attention of the Committee. Such notice shall
                  be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is
                  made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or the
                  receipt for registration or certification.

         8.8      Governing Laws. The Plan shall be construed and administered
                  according to the laws of the State of Wisconsin.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
