<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10h.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(H)
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit No. (10)h


                            SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT PLAN
                                     TO THE
                           KIMBERLY-CLARK CORPORATION
                                  PENSION PLAN

               Amended and Restated Effective as of April 15, 2002


         This Supplemental Benefit Plan to the Kimberly-Clark Corporation
Pension Plan (the "Plan") is intended to be an unfunded "excess benefit plan"
within the meaning of Section 3(36) and 4(b)(5) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974. As such, the purpose of this Plan is solely to
provide benefits to participants in the Kimberly-Clark Corporation Pension Plan
as amended and restated from time to time (the "Retirement Plan"), which exceed
the limitation on benefits imposed by Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, or any comparable provision of any future legislation which amends,
supplements or supersedes that Section ("Section 415 of the Code").

         The terms and provisions of this Plan are as follows:

         1.       Each term which is used in this Plan and also used in the
                  Retirement Plan shall have the same meaning herein as under
                  the Retirement Plan.

                  Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of this Plan, where
                  the following words and phrases appear in this Plan they shall
                  have the respective meanings set forth below unless the
                  context clearly indicates otherwise:

                  (a)      Benefit: A benefit payable pursuant to, and
                           determined in accordance with the provisions of this
                           Plan.

                  (b)      Change of Control:  A Change of Control shall be
                           deemed to have taken place if:  (i) a third person,
                           including a "group" as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of
                           the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, acquires shares
                           of the Corporation having 20 percent or more of the
                           total number of votes that may be cast for the
                           election of Directors of the Corporation, or (ii) as
                           the result of any cash tender or exchange offer,
                           merger or other business combination, sale of assets
                           or contested election, or any combination of the
                           foregoing transactions, the persons who were
                           directors of the Corporation before the transaction
                           shall cease to constitute a majority of the Board of
                           Directors of the Corporation or any successor to the
                           Corporation.

                  (c)      Investment Grade: A bond rating of BBB minus, or its
                           equivalent, by one of the nationally recognized
                           rating agencies.

                  (d)      Lump Sum Payment:  A form of benefit payable as a
                           lump sum cash payment, actuarially determined based
                           on the rate of interest equivalent to the yield on a
                           30-year Treasury Bond as published in the Federal

<PAGE>

                           Reserve Statistical Release for the week that
                           contains the first business day of the month prior
                           to the date such Lump Sum payment is payable under
                           this Plan, or such other rate as determined pursuant
                           to uniform Committee rules, and the mortality table
                           set forth for determining actuarial equivalent
                           benefits under Section 10.1(a) of the Retirement
                           Plan, and (i) in the case of a lump sum payment
                           pursuant to Section 4(a) or (b) of this Plan, based
                           on the Participant's Benefit payable from this plan
                           and his age at the date of such lump sum payment, and
                           (ii) in the case of a lump sum payment pursuant to
                           Section 4(c) or 4(d) of this Plan, based on the
                           Participant's Benefit payable under this Plan, the
                           earliest age at which his Benefit from the Retirement
                           Plan could commence if he terminated employment, and
                           the early retirement reduction factor applicable at
                           such age of commencement. Notwithstanding the
                           foregoing, the 30-year Treasury Bond yield shall be
                           used in determining a lump sum cash payment so long
                           as such rate is published by the Federal Reserve. In
                           the event that the Federal Reserve ceases to publish
                           the 30-year Treasury Bond rate, a lump sum cash
                           payment will be actuarially determined based on the
                           rate of interest equivalent to the yield on the
                           longest term Treasury Bond published in the Federal
                           Reserve Statistical Release which is no more than
                           30-years but not less than for a 10-year term.

                  (e)      Participant: A participant in the Retirement Plan who
                           (i) is a "managerial or highly compensated employee"
                           of an Employer, within the meaning of Title I of
                           ERISA, and (ii) is eligible to receive a Benefit upon
                           his termination of employment.

                  (f)      "Timely Elected" shall mean as follows:

                           (i)      For payments which commence under the
                                    Retirement Plan prior to January 1, 1996,
                                    the Participant has elected to receive such
                                    Lump Sum Payment either (aa) in the calendar
                                    year prior to the year in which the payments
                                    are eligible to commence under the
                                    Retirement Plan or (bb) at least 90 days
                                    prior to the date such Lump Sum payment is
                                    payable under this Supplemental Benefit
                                    Plan;

                           (ii)     For payments which commence under the
                                    Retirement Plan on or after January 1, 1996
                                    and prior to February 18, 2002,  the
                                    Participant has elected to receive such Lump
                                    Sum Payment no later than the earlier of
                                    (aa) the calendar year prior to the year in
                                    which the payments are eligible to commence
                                    under the Retirement Plan, (bb) at least 90
                                    days prior to the date such Lump Sum payment
                                    is payable under this Supplemental Benefit
                                    Plan or (cc) for Participants who terminate
                                    employment prior to having attained age 55,
                                    the calendar year in which the Participant
                                    attained age 54.

                           (iii)    For payments which commence under the
                                    Retirement Plan on or

<PAGE>

                                    after February 18, 2002 the Participant has
                                    elected to receive such Lump Sum Payment no
                                    later than the calendar year prior to the
                                    year in which the payments are eligible to
                                    commence under the Retirement Plan.

                           (iv)     In the event of the death of the Participant
                                    who has not commenced payments under this
                                    Supplemental Benefit Plan, the Participant's
                                    surviving spouse or designated beneficiary,
                                    as the case may be may, with the consent of
                                    the Retirement Trust Committee, elect a Lump
                                    Sum Payment in writing no later than thirty
                                    (30) days after the Participant's date of
                                    death.

                           (v)      In the event that a Participant terminates
                                    service due to a Disability as described in
                                    Section 4.5, the Participant may, with the
                                    consent of the Retirement Trust Committee,
                                    elect a Lump Sum Payment in writing no later
                                    than thirty (30) days after the date the
                                    Participant is determined to be disabled by
                                    the Committee for the Pension Plan.

         2.       So long as a Pensioner (or the spouse or designated
                  beneficiary, as the case may be of a former Employee) shall be
                  entitled to receive benefits under the Retirement Plan, there
                  shall be paid under this Plan to such Pensioner (or such
                  spouse or designated beneficiary, as the case may be) such
                  amounts of Disability Benefit, Basic Benefit, Optional Joint
                  and Survivor Benefit, Pensioners Benefit, Survivors Benefit,
                  Optional Years Certain and Life Benefit, Deferred Benefit,
                  Automatic Survivor's Benefit, and any other benefits including
                  benefits distributed upon termination of the Plan (as the case
                  may be) as would have been paid to such person under the
                  Retirement Plan without regard to the limitation on benefits
                  imposed by Section 415 of the Code, but only to the extent
                  that the amount of such benefits exceeds such limitation.
                  Except as provided in Section 4, such amounts shall be paid to
                  such person on the same terms and conditions, at the same
                  times, and pursuant to the same elections made by the
                  Employee, as they would have been if paid under the Retirement
                  Plan, were it not for such limitation on benefits.

         3.       The Employer may enter into a contract with any Employee who
                  it is projected will be entitled to receive benefits under
                  this Plan, or with any Pensioner (or any spouse or designated
                  beneficiary) who is entitled to receive benefits under this
                  Plan, stipulating the terms and manner of payments to be made
                  under this Plan, but the entitlement of a Pensioner (or spouse
                  or designated beneficiary) to receive benefits under this Plan
                  shall not be conditioned upon the entering into of such a
                  contract prior to the entitlement to benefits under this Plan.

         4.       Notwithstanding any other provision of the Retirement Plan, a
                  Participant (or surviving spouse or designated beneficiary, as
                  the case may be) shall be entitled to elect to receive his
                  Benefit payable under Section 2 as a Lump Sum Payment (subject
                  to any applicable payroll or other taxes required to be
                  withheld) under the following circumstances:

                  (a) The Participant (or surviving spouse or
                      designated beneficiary, as the case may be) has Timely
                      Elected to receive such Lump Sum Payment;

                  (b) the Corporation experiences a Change in Control; or

                  (c) the Corporation's long-term credit rating falls below
                      Investment Grade.

                  If a Participant (or surviving spouse or designated
                  beneficiary, as the case may be) elects a Lump Sum Payment
                  pursuant to subsection 4(a) above, such election is subject to
                  approval by the Retirement Trust Committee in its sole
                  discretion. In addition, the Lump Sum Payment shall be payable
                  at the same time as the payments are eligible to commence
                  under the Retirement Plan.

                  If a Participant (or surviving spouse or designated
                  beneficiary, as the case may be) elects a Lump Sum Payment
                  pursuant to subsections 4(b) or 4(c) above, the Lump Sum
                  Payment shall be reduced for active Employees by a penalty
                  equal to ten percent (10%) of the Benefit otherwise payable
                  and for former Employees (or spouses or designated
                  beneficiaries) by a penalty equal to five percent (5%) of the
                  Benefit otherwise payable. Such penalty shall be permanently
                  forfeited and shall not be paid to, or in respect of, the
                  Employee, former Employee, or spouse or designated
                  beneficiary. In addition, such election must be made within
                  two years after a Change in Control or within 90 days after
                  the date the Corporation's long-term credit rating falls below
                  Investment Grade. Such Lump Sum Payment shall be paid within
                  thirty days of the date of election.

                  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the
                  contrary, except where waived by the Participant's spouse as
                  required under the provisions of the Retirement Plan, all
                  retirement benefits payable to a Participant shall be paid in
                  the same form as the benefits would be payable under the
                  Retirement Plan. Provided, however, for each Participant whose
                  employment terminates after February 18, 2002, if the amount
                  of the Lump Sum Distribution, calculated as if such
                  Participant (or surviving spouse or designated beneficiary, as
                  the case may be) had made an election to receive a Lump Sum
                  Distribution at the earliest time that such person could have
                  made an election under subsection 4(a), does not exceed
                  $25,000, then such Lump Sum Distribution shall be paid at the
                  earliest time such person could have made an election under
                  subsection 4(a).

                  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the
                  contrary, in the event that a portion of the Lump Sum Payment
                  due a Participant pursuant to this Section 4 would not be
                  deductible by the Company pursuant to Section 162(m) of the
                  Code, the Company, at its discretion, may postpone payment of
                  such amounts to the Participant until such time that the
                  payments would be deductible by the Company. Provided,
                  however, that no payment postponed pursuant to this paragraph
                  shall be postponed beyond the first anniversary of the date
                  such Participant terminated employment. Any Lump Sum Payment
                  postponed pursuant to this paragraph shall include interest
                  for the period such Lump Sum Payment is postponed at a rate
                  yielding interest equivalent to the per annum secondary market
                  discount rate for six-month U.S. Treasury Bills as published
                  by the Federal Reserve Board for the calendar week ending
                  prior to January 1 (for

<PAGE>

                  interest to be credited for either of the two subsequent
                  fiscal quarters ending March 31 or June 30) or prior to July 1
                  (for interest to be credited for either of the subsequent
                  fiscal quarters ending on September 30 or December 31), or
                  such other rate as determined pursuant to uniform Committee
                  rules.

         5.       If a Participant has received a Lump Sum Payment pursuant to
                  Section 4 above, such Participant may accrue an additional
                  Benefit under this Plan after the date of such Lump Sum
                  Payment, provided, however, that such future participation
                  shall not result in duplication of benefits. Accordingly, if
                  he has received a distribution of a Benefit under the Plan by
                  reason of prior participation, his Benefit shall be reduced by
                  the actuarial equivalent (at the date of the later
                  distribution) of the present value of the Benefit previously
                  paid hereunder.

         6.       This Plan shall not be a funded plan, and the Corporation
                  shall be under no obligation to set aside any funds for the
                  purpose of making payments under this Plan. Any payments
                  hereunder shall be made out of the general assets of the
                  Employer.

         7.       The Corporation by action of the Board of Directors, shall
                  have the right at any time to amend this Plan in any respect,
                  or to terminate this Plan; provided, however, that no such
                  amendment or termination shall be effective to the extent it
                  eliminates or reduces any "Section 411(d)(6) protected
                  benefit" or adds or modifies conditions relating to "Section
                  411(d)(6) protected benefits" the result of which is a further
                  restriction on such benefit unless such protected benefits are
                  preserved with respect to benefits accrued as of the later of
                  the adoption date or effective date of the amendment.
                  "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" are benefits described
                  in Section 411(d)(6)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
                  early retirement benefits and retirement-type subsidies, and
                  optional forms of benefit.

         8.       The Committee under the Retirement Plan, as constituted from
                  time to time, shall administer this Plan and shall have the
                  same powers and duties, and shall be subject to the same
                  limitations as are set forth in the Retirement Plan.

         9.       Subject to the provisions of Section 5, this Plan shall
                  terminate when the Retirement Plan terminates.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
