<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.5
                               SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
The  following individuals have signed a severance agreement, a copy of which is
included  herewith  as  exhibit  10.5:
Gregory  M. Bolingbroke, Richard Boehner, John L. Cordani, Stephen Largan, Peter
Kukanskis,  Michael  Siegmund
C/o  MacDermid,  Incorporated
245  Freight  Street
Waterbury,  CT  06702
RE:  Severance  Agreement
Dear                      ,
    ----------------------
I  write  to  confirm  our  agreement regarding severance in the case where your
employment  with MacDermid is involuntarily terminated without cause (as defined
herein)  or  within two (2) years after a change of control (as defined herein).
If your employment with MacDermid is involuntarily terminated without cause then
MacDermid  will  pay  you a severance equal to one (1) year's base salary, based
upon  the  then most recent year period.  In the alternative, if your employment
is  involuntarily terminated within two (2) years after a change of control then
you will be paid a severance equal to two (2) year's base salary and cash bonus,
based  upon  the  then  most recent two year period.  In order to receive either
foregoing  severance  payment,  you  will  be  required  to  execute MacDermid's
standard  termination agreement (form attached) containing a full, final general
release  in  favor  of  MacDermid.
As  used  in  this  agreement,  cause  and  change  of  control  shall  mean:
1.     cause  -
(i)  you are convicted of, or plead guilty or nolo contendere to, any crime
     constituting a felony or involving dishonesty or moral turpitude;
(ii) you engage in any activity that amounts to negligence and that
     significantly affects the business affairs or reputation of the company;
(iii) you willfully fail to perform your duties, or perform your duties in a
     grossly negligent manner, which failure or performance continues for twenty
     (20) days after written notice from the company; or
(iv) you violate the company's standard policies, or the law, and such violation
     creates a substantial liability (actual or potential) for the company.
2.     change  of  control
(i)  acquisition by any person or group, except for an employee benefit plan
     sponsored by the company, of beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the
     company's voting securities in any combination;
(ii)     the  sale  of  all  or substantially all of the assets of MacDermid, or
(iii) individuals, who as of January 1, 2002 are members of MacDermid's Board of
     Directors (the "incumbents"), and any additional individuals ("additional
     directors") who are recommended to become directors by a majority of the
     incumbents and/or any then previously so recommended and elected additional
     directors, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of
     Directors of MacDermid.
Please  indicate  your  acceptance and agreement by countersigning and returning
this  letter  to  my  attention.
Sincerely,  Daniel  H.  Leever





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
