<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>b45351adexv10w6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6 1994 DIRECTOR OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.6


                              ANALOG DEVICES, INC.

                            1994 DIRECTOR OPTION PLAN
                       (RESTATED(1) AS OF MARCH 11, 1998)

1.    PURPOSE

      The purpose of this 1994 Director Option Plan (the "Plan") of Analog
Devices, Inc. (the "Company") is to encourage ownership in the Company by
outside directors of the Company whose continued services are considered
essential to the Company's future progress and to provide them with a further
incentive to remain as directors of the Company.

2.    ADMINISTRATION

      The Board of Directors shall supervise and administer the Plan. Grants of
stock options under the Plan and the amount and nature of the awards to be
granted shall be automatic and non-discretionary in accordance with Section 5.
However, all questions of interpretation of the Plan or of any options issued
under it shall be determined by the Board of Directors and such determination
shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Plan.

3.    PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN

      Directors of the Company who are not employees of the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.

4.    STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

      (a)   The maximum number of shares which may be issued under the Plan
shall be five hundred fifty thousand (550,000) shares of the Company's Common
Stock, par value $.16-2/3 per share ("Common Stock"), subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 9 of the Plan.

      (b)   If any outstanding option under the Plan for any reason expires or
is terminated without having been exercised in full, the shares allocable to the
unexercised portion of such option shall again become available for grant
pursuant to the Plan.

      (c)   All options granted under the Plan shall be non-statutory options
not entitled to special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended to date and as may be amended from time to time (the
"Code").
<PAGE>
5.    TERMS, CONDITIONS AND FORM OF OPTIONS

      Each option granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written
agreement in such form as the Board of Directors shall from time to time
approve, which agreements shall comply with and be subject to the following
terms and conditions:

      (a)   Automatic Option Grants.

            (i)   An option for the purchase of 10,500 shares of Common Stock
shall be granted automatically to each eligible director at the close of
business on the date the Plan is approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company (December 7,1994), subject to shareholder approval of the Plan at the
1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

            (ii)  Each eligible director who is first elected or appointed to
serve on the Board after December 7,1994 shall be granted an option to purchase
10,500 shares of Common Stock upon such election or appointment.

            (iii) Each such eligible director shall be granted an additional
option to purchase 10,500 shares of Common Stock upon each of the "Anniversary
Dates" (as defined below) of the initial option grant to such eligible director;
provided that such person is an eligible director on the applicable Anniversary
Date.

            (iv)  The Anniversary Dates of an eligible director who was a member
of the Board of Directors on December 7,1994 shall be December 7,1995 and
successive anniversaries thereof. The Anniversary Dates of an eligible director
who is first elected or appointed to the Board of Directors after December 7,
1994 shall be the date which is twelve (12) months after such election or
appointment and the successive anniversaries thereof.

      (b)   Option Exercise Price. The option exercise price per share for each
option granted under the Plan shall equal (i) the last reported sales price per
share of the Company's Common Stock, as listed on a nationally recognized
securities exchange, on the date of grant (or, if no such price is reported on
such date, such price as reported on the nearest preceding day); or (ii) the
fair market value of the stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board
of Directors, if the Common Stock is not publicly traded.

      (c)   Options Non-Transferable. Each option granted under the Plan by its
terms shall not be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will, or by
the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic
relations order (as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code), and shall be
exercised during the lifetime of the optionee only by him. No option or interest
therein may be transferred, assigned,


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
pledged or hypothecated by the optionee during his lifetime, whether by
operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or
similar process.

      (d)   Exercise Period. Each option shall vest and be exercisable on a
cumulative basis as to one-third of the shares subject to such option on each of
the first, second and third Anniversary Dates of the grant of such option;
provided that subject to the provisions of Sections 5(e) and 5(f), no option may
be exercised more than 90 days after the optionee ceases to serve as a director
of the Company and such option may then only be exercised for the purchase of
such number of shares as were vested and exercisable at the time of such
termination; provided, further, however, that if the director shall become an
employee of the Company and in connection with such employment he ceases to
serve as a director, all options granted to him as a director shall continue to
vest during the period that he is so employed and shall be exercisable (i) no
later than 90 days after such employment terminates and (ii) for the purchase of
such number of shares as were vested at the time of such termination; or if such
employment terminates by reason of his death or disability, such options shall
be exercisable for such number of shares and for such period as is provided in
Section 5(f). No option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10)
years from the date of grant or prior to approval of the Plan by the
stockholders of the Company.

      (e)   Exercise Period Upon Retirement. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 5(d), in the event an optionee ceases to be a director by reason of
retirement of the optionee as a director at the retirement age determined by the
Company or by reason of the Company's failure to nominate the optionee for
reelection as a director (other than for such director's refusal to serve as a
director), each option then held by such director shall, at the time he or she
ceases to be a director, be exercisable for that number of shares of Common
Stock which equals the sum of (i) the shares which are then vested and
exercisable and (ii) the shares which would otherwise become vested and
exercisable at the next succeeding Anniversary Date.

      (f)   Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 5(d), any option granted under the Plan:

            (i)   may be exercised in full by an optionee who becomes disabled
      (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or any successor
      provision thereto) while serving as a director of the Company; or

            (ii)  may be exercised

                  (x)   in full upon the death of an optionee while serving as a
            director of the Company, or


                                       -3-
<PAGE>
                  (y)   to the extent then exercisable upon the death of an
            optionee within 90 days of ceasing to serve as a director of the
            Company,

            by the person to whom it is transferred by will, by the laws of
            descent and distribution, or by written notice filed pursuant to
            Section 5(i);

in each such case within the period of one year after the date the optionee
ceases to be such a director by reason of such death or disability; provided,
that no option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from
the date of grant or prior to the approval of the Plan by the stockholders of
the Company.

      (g)   Exercise Procedure. Options may be exercised only by written notice
to the Company at its principal office accompanied by payment of the full
consideration for the shares as to which they are exercised.

      (h)   Payment of Purchase Price. Options granted under the Plan may
provide for the payment of the exercise price (i) by delivery of cash or a check
to the order of the Company in an amount equal to the exercise price of such
options or, (ii) to the extent provided in the applicable option agreement, by
delivery to the Company of shares of Common Stock of the Company already owned
by the optionee having a fair market value equal in amount to the exercise price
of the options being exercised, or (iii) by any combination of such methods of
payment. The fair market value of any shares of the Company's Common Stock which
may be delivered upon exercise of an option shall be determined by the Board of
Directors.

      (i)   Exercise by Representative Following Death of Director. A director,
by written notice to the Company, may designate one or more persons (and from
time to time change such designation) including his legal representative, who,
by reason of his death, shall acquire the right to exercise all or a portion of
the option. If the person or persons so designated wish to exercise any portion
of the option, they must do so within the term of the option as provided herein.
Any exercise by a representative shall be subject to the provisions of the Plan.

      (j)   Deferral of Shares Issuable Upon Exercise. A director may elect, at
the discretion of, and in accordance with rules to be established by the Board,
to defer receipt of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of an
option, provided that such election is irrevocable and made at least that number
of days prior to the exercise of the option that shall be determined by the
Board or the Committee. The director's account under the Analog Devices, Inc.
Deferred Compensation Plan shall be credited with a number of stock units equal
to the number of shares so deferred.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>
6.    ASSIGNMENTS

      The rights and benefits under the Plan may not be assigned except for the
designation of a beneficiary as provided in Section 5.

7.    TIME FOR GRANTING OPTIONS

      All options for shares subject to the Plan shall be granted, if at all,
not later than ten (10) years after the approval of the Plan by the Company's
stockholders.

8.    LIMITATION OF RIGHTS

      (a)   No Right to Continue as a Director. Neither the Plan, nor the
granting of an option nor any other action taken pursuant to the Plan, shall
constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied,
that the Company will retain a director for any period of time.

      (b)   No Stockholders' Rights for Options. An optionee shall have no
rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares covered by his options until
the date of the issuance to him of a stock certificate therefor, and no
adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date
is prior to the date such certificate is issued.

9.    CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK

      (a)   If (x) the outstanding shares of Common Stock are exchanged for a
different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or (y)
the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased as a result of
any recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend or stock split (except
for the 3-for-2 stock split approved by the Board of Directors on November 29,
1994, which has been reflected in the Plan as adopted by the Board of Directors
on December 7,1994), reverse stock split or other similar transaction, an
appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made in (i) the maximum number
and kind of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, and (ii) the number and
kind of shares or other securities subject to then outstanding options under the
Plan and (iii) the price for each share subject to any then outstanding options
under the Plan, without changing the aggregate purchase price as to which such
options remain exercisable. No fractional shares will be issued under the Plan
on account of any such adjustments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment
shall be made pursuant to his Section 9 if such adjustment would cause the Plan
to fail to comply with Rule 16b-3 or any successor rule promulgated pursuant to
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


                                       -5-
<PAGE>
      (b)   If any event occurs that would constitute a "Change of Control"
within the meaning of clause (iii) or (iv) of Section 10 below, the Board of
Directors of the Company, or the board of directors of any corporation assuming
the obligations of the Company, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 10,
as to outstanding options, take one or more of the following actions: (i)
provide that such options shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof), (ii) upon written notice to the optionees, provide that all
unexercised options will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such
transaction unless exercised by the optionee within a specified period following
the date of such notice, or (iii) if, under the terms of a merger transaction,
holders of the Common Stock of the Company will receive upon consummation
thereof a cash payment for each share surrendered in the merger (the "Merger
Price"), make or provide for a cash payment to the optionees equal to the
difference between (A) the Merger Price times the number of shares of Common
Stock subject to such outstanding options (to the extent then exercisable at
prices not in excess of the Merger Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price
of all such outstanding options in exchange for the termination of such options.

10.   CHANGE IN CONTROL

      Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this Plan, in the
event of a Change of Control (as defined below), all options outstanding as of
the date such Change in Control occurs shall become exercisable in full, whether
or not exercisable in accordance with their terms. A "Change in Control" shall
occur or be deemed to have occurred only if any of the following events occur:
(i) any "person," as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (other than the Company, any
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of
the Company, or any corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders
of the Company in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock
of the Company) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power
of the Company's then outstanding securities; (ii) individuals who, as of July
1, 1992, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (as of the date
thereof, the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent
to the date thereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's
stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors
then comprising the Incumbent Board (other than an election or nomination of an
individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
threatened election contest relating to the election of the directors of the
Company, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) shall be, for purposes of this Agreement,
considered as though such person were a member of the Incumbent Board; (iii) the
stockholders of the Company approve a merger or


                                      -6-
<PAGE>
consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger
or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting
securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after
such merger or consolidation or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to
implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no
"person" (as hereinabove defined) acquires more than 30% of the combined voting
power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (iv) the stockholders of
the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an
agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all
of the Company's assets."

11.   AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN

      The Board of Directors may suspend or discontinue the Plan or review or
amend it in any respect whatsoever; provided, however, that without approval of
the stockholders of the Company no revision or amendment shall change the number
of shares subject to the Plan (except as provided in Section 9), change the
designation of the class of directors eligible to receive options, or materially
increase the benefits accruing to participants under the Plan. The Plan may not
be amended more than once in any six-month period.

12.   WITHHOLDING

      The Company shall have the right to deduct from payments of any kind
otherwise due to the optionee any federal, state or local taxes of any kind
required by law to be withheld with respect to any shares issued upon exercise
of options under the Plan.

13.   EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF THE PLAN

      (a)   Effective Date. The Plan shall become effective when adopted by the
Board of Directors, but no option granted under the Plan shall become
exercisable unless and until the Plan shall have been approved by the Company's
shareholders. If such shareholder approval is not obtained within twelve months
after the date of the Board's adoption of the Plan, all options granted under
the Plan shall terminate and no further options shall be granted under the Plan.
Amendments to the Plan not requiring shareholder approval shall become effective
when adopted by the Board of Directors; amendments requiring shareholder
approval (as provided in Section 11) shall become effective when adopted by the
Board of Directors, but no option granted after the date of such amendment shall
become exercisable (to the extent that such amendment to the Plan was required
to enable the Company to grant such option to a particular optionee) unless and
until such amendment shall have been


                                      -7-
<PAGE>
approved by the Company's shareholders. If such shareholder approval is not
obtained within twelve months of the Board's adoption of such amendment, any
options granted on or after the date of such amendment shall terminate to the
extent that such amendment to the Plan was required to enable the Company to
grant such option to a particular optionee. Subject to this limitation, options
may be granted under the Plan at any time after the effective date and before
the date fixed for termination of the Plan.

      (b)   Termination. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with Section 9,
the Plan shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the close of business on March
31, 2001, or (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the
Plan shall have been issued pursuant to the exercise or cancellation of options
granted under the Plan. If the date of termination is determined under (i)
above, then options outstanding on such date shall continue to have force and
effect in accordance with the provisions of the instruments evidencing such
options.

14.   NOTICE

      Any written notice to the Company required by any of the provisions of the
Plan shall be addressed to the Treasurer of the Company and shall become
effective when it is received.

15.   COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 16B-3

      Transactions under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable
conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its successor promulgated pursuant to Section 16 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. To the extent any provision of the Plan or
action by the Board of Directors in administering the Plan fails to so comply,
it shall be deemed null and void, to the extent permitted by law and deemed
advisable by the Board of Directors.

16.   GOVERNING LAW

      The Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto
shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

                                             Approved by the Board of Directors
                                             on December 7,1994

                                             Approved by the Stockholders on
                                             March 14, 1995


                                      -8-
<PAGE>
1.    This Restatement of the 1994 Director Option Plan is dated as of March 11,
1998 (the "Restatement Date") and incorporates the 1st Amendment to the Plan,
adopted by the Board of Directors on December 3,1996; and the Second Amendment
to the plan, adopted by the Board of Directors on January 15, 1998 and approved
by the stockholders of the Company on March 10,1998. All share numbers have been
adjusted to reflect all stock splits effected by the Company through the
Restatement Date.


                                      -9-
<PAGE>
                              ANALOG DEVICES, INC.

                     AMENDMENT TO 1994 DIRECTOR OPTION PLAN


      Clause (ii) of Section 5(a) of the 1994 Director Option Plan be and hereby
is deleted and the following new clause (ii) is substituted in lieu thereof:

            "(ii) Each eligible director who is first elected or appointed to
                  serve on the Board after December 9,1998 shall be granted an
                  option to purchase 30,000 shares of Common Stock upon such
                  election or appointment."

      Approved by the Board of Directors on December 9,1998.
<PAGE>
                              ANALOG DEVICES, INC.

             SECOND AMENDMENT TO RESTATED 1994 DIRECTOR OPTION PLAN

      Subsection (c) of Section 5 of the Restated 1994 Director Option Plan be
and hereby is deleted and the following new Subsection (c) is substituted in
lieu thereof:


            "(c)  Transferability of Options. Except as the Board may otherwise
            determine or provide in an Option or an amendment to an outstanding
            Option, Options shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or
            otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are granted, either
            voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will, or by the laws
            of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic
            relations order as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, and during
            the life of the Optionee, shall be exercisable only by the Optionee.
            References to an Optionee, the extent relevant in the context, shall
            include references to authorized transferees."

      Approved by the Board of Directors on June 21, 2000.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
