<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit10t.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(T) COMMITTED FACILITY LETTER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10(t)





              SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMITTED FACILITY LETTER

                                December 24, 2002

ALLETE, Inc.
30 West Superior Street
Duluth, Minnesota 55802
Attn: Corporate Treasurer

Ladies and Gentlemen:

          Reference  is  hereby  made  to  that  certain  Amended  and  Restated
Committed Facility Letter among the banks party thereto,  ABN AMRO Bank N.V., as
agent for such banks and yourselves dated as of December 28, 2000, as amended by
that certain First  Amendment to Committed  Facility Letter dated as of December
27, 2001, and that certain Second  Amendment to Committed  Facility Letter dated
as of February 7, 2002  (together  with all  exhibits,  schedules,  attachments,
appendices and amendments  thereof,  the "EXISTING  COMMITTED FACILITY LETTER").
The parties to the Existing  Committed  Facility Letter desire that the Existing
Committed  Facility  Letter be amended  and  restated in its  entirety,  without
constituting  a  novation,  all on the terms and  conditions  contained  herein.
Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and
covenants  contained herein,  the Existing  Committed  Facility Letter is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to be and to read as follows:

          LaSalle Bank National  Association (the "Agent" and, in its individual
capacity, a "Bank") and the other Banks (as defined below) are pleased to advise
ALLETE,  Inc. (the  "Company")  that the Banks  (defined  below) have  severally
approved,  subject to the conditions outlined in this letter, a committed credit
facility (the  "Facility").  The amount  available  under the Facility shall not
exceed at any time the aggregate sum of the Commitments  (defined  below).  This
Facility  shall  terminate on December 23, 2003 (the  "TERMINATION  DATE").  The
Facility shall be available  under the following  terms and conditions  (certain
capitalized  terms being used and not otherwise  defined as set forth in SECTION
8):

     1.   LOANS.

          The Company may from time to time before the  Termination  Date borrow
Eurodollar  Loans,  or if one or more  conditions  exist as set forth in Section
3(b) or Section 3(c) hereof, Prime Rate Loans. The aggregate  outstanding amount
of the Loans shall not at any time exceed the aggregate sum of the  Commitments.
The Company may borrow, repay and reborrow in accordance with the terms hereof.

          a.      BORROWING PROCEDURES

                  i.     PRIME RATE LOANS. Each  Prime  Rate Loan  shall  be  on
          prior  telephonic  notice  (promptly  confirmed  in writing)  from any
          Authorized  Officer  received  by the Agent not later  than 11:00 a.m.
          (Chicago,  Illinois  time),  on the
<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 2


          day such Loan is to be made.  Each  such  Notice  of  Borrowing  shall
          specify (i) the borrowing date, which shall be a Banking Day, and (ii)
          the amount of the Loan. Each Prime Rate Loan shall be in the amount of
          $5,000,000 or a higher integral  multiple of $1,000,000.  A Prime Rate
          Loan shall only be available if the Agent has given written  notice to
          the Company that one or more conditions  exist as set forth in Section
          3(b) or Section 3(c) hereof.

                  ii.    EURODOLLAR LOANS. Each Eurodollar Loan  shall  be  made
          upon at least three Banking  Days' prior written or telephonic  notice
          from any Authorized  Officer received by the Agent not later than 3:00
          p.m.  (Chicago,  Illinois  time).  Each such Notice of Borrowing shall
          specify (i) the borrowing date, which shall be a Banking Day, (ii) the
          amount of such Loan, and (iii) the Interest Period for such Loan. Each
          Eurodollar  Loan  shall be in the  amount  of  $5,000,000  or a higher
          integral multiple of $1,000,000.

                  iii.   The Agent shall  give  prompt  telephonic  or  telecopy
          notice to each Bank of the contents of each Notice of Borrowing and of
          such Bank's share of such Loan.

                  iv.    Not later than  11:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (or 1:00 p.m.
          (Chicago time) in the case of any Prime Rate Loan) on the date of each
          borrowing,  each Bank participating  therein shall (except as provided
          in subsection  (v) of this  Section) make  available its share of such
          Loan, in Federal or other funds immediately  available in Chicago,  to
          the Agent at its address set forth next to its signature below. Unless
          the  Agent  is  notified  by a  Bank  that  any  applicable  condition
          specified in Section 4 has not been satisfied, the Agent will make the
          funds  so  received  from  the  Banks  available  to  the  Company  by
          depositing such funds in the manner specified in the related Notice of
          Borrowing.

                  v.     Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Bank
          prior  to the  date of any  borrowing  that  such  Bank  will not make
          available to the Agent such Bank's  share of such Loan,  the Agent may
          assume  that such Bank has made such share  available  to the Agent on
          the date of such borrowing in accordance  with subsection (iv) of this
          Section 1(a), and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption (but
          shall not be obligated to), make available to the Company on such date
          a corresponding  amount. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not
          have so made such  share  available  to the  Agent,  such Bank and the
          Company severally agree to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such
          corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from
          the date such amount is made  available to the Company  until the date
          such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of the Company,
          a rate per annum equal to the higher of (x) the Prime Rate and (y) the
          interest rate applicable  thereto  pursuant to Section  1(b)(ii),  and
          (ii) in the case of such  Bank,  the Prime  Rate.  If such Bank  shall
          repay to the

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 3

          Agent   such  corresponding  amount,  such  amount  so   repaid  shall
          constitute such Bank's Loan included in such Loan for purposes of this
          Agreement.

          b.      INTEREST

                  i.     PRIME RATE LOANS. The unpaid  principal of  each  Prime
          Rate Loan shall bear  interest  prior to  maturity at a rate per annum
          equal  to the  Prime  Rate  in  effect  from  time to  time  plus  the
          Applicable  Margin.  Accrued  interest  on Prime Rate  Loans  shall be
          payable  quarterly on the 30th day of each December,  March,  June and
          September and at maturity.

                  ii.    EURODOLLAR LOANS. The unpaid  principal  amount of each
          Eurodollar  Loan shall bear  interest  prior to maturity at a rate per
          annum equal to LIBOR in effect for the Interest Period with respect to
          such Eurodollar Loan plus the Applicable  Margin.  Accrued interest on
          each  Eurodollar Loan shall be payable on the last day of the Interest
          Period  applicable  to such Loan and, if such  Interest  Period  shall
          exceed three months,  at three month  intervals  after the date of the
          Eurodollar Loan.

                  iii.   INTEREST  AFTER  MATURITY. Any  principal of  any  Loan
          which is not paid when  due,  whether  at the  stated  maturity,  upon
          acceleration or otherwise,  shall bear interest from and including the
          date such  principal  shall have become due to (but not including) the
          date of payment thereof in full at a rate per annum equal to the Prime
          Rate from time to time in effect  plus the  Applicable  Margin plus 2%
          per annum (but until the end of any  Interest  Period for a Eurodollar
          Rate  Loan,  not  less  than  2 % in  excess  of  the  rate  otherwise
          applicable for such Loan).  After maturity,  accrued interest shall be
          payable on demand.

                  iv.    MAXIMUM RATE. In  no  event  shall  the  interest  rate
          applicable to any amount outstanding hereunder exceed the maximum rate
          of interest  allowed by applicable  law, as amended from time to time.
          Any payment of interest or in the nature of interest in excess of such
          limitation  shall be  credited  as a payment of  principal  unless the
          Company shall request the return of such amount.

                  v.     METHOD OF CALCULATING  INTEREST AND  FEES. Interest  on
          each Loan shall be computed on the basis of a year  consisting  of (i)
          365 days for Prime Rate Loans, and (ii) 360 days for Eurodollar Loans,
          and paid for actual days elapsed.  Fees shall be computed on the basis
          of a year consisting of 360 days and paid for actual days elapsed.

          c.      DISBURSEMENTS AND PAYMENTS

          The Agent shall  transfer the proceeds of  each Loan as directed by an
Authorized Officer.  Each Eurodollar Loan shall be payable on the earlier of the
last day of the Interest Period

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 4

applicable  thereto  or the  Termination  Date.  Each  Prime  Rate Loan shall be
payable on the Termination  Date. All payments to the Banks shall be made to the
Agent at LaSalle  Bank  National  Association  ABA No. 071 000 505,  Account No.
1378018,  reference ALLETE not later than 2:00 p.m., Chicago,  Illinois time, on
the date  when due and  shall be made in lawful  money of the  United  States of
America (in freely  transferable  U.S.  dollars)  and in  immediately  available
funds. Any payment that shall be due on a day, which is not a Banking Day, shall
be payable on the next  Banking  Day,  subject to the  definition  of  "Interest
Period".

          d.      PREPAYMENT; COMMITMENT REDUCTIONS

          The Company may  prepay any Loan in whole or in part from time to time
(but, if in part, in an amount not less than  $1,000,000 and integral  multiples
of  $1,000,000 in excess  thereof)  without  premium or penalty  (subject to the
following  paragraph) upon (i) 3 Business Days prior written notice to the Agent
with respect to any Eurodollar  Loan and (ii) prior written notice  delivered to
the  Agent  prior to 10:00  a.m.  (Chicago,  Illinois  time) on the date of such
prepayment with respect to any Prime Rate Loan.

          If  the  Company shall prepay any  Loan, it shall  pay to the Agent at
the time of each prepayment,  or at such later time designated by the Agent, any
and all costs described in Section 3(g) hereof.

          The Company may reduce the  amount of Commitments from time to time in
amounts not less than $1,000,000 and integral  multiples of $1,000,000 in excess
thereof without premium or penalty upon (i) 3 Business Days prior written notice
to the Agent, provided that the aggregate amount of Commitments shall not exceed
the aggregate  principal  amount of Loans then  outstanding.  Any such reduction
shall  be  applied  ratably  to the  Commitments  of the  Banks  and  may not be
reinstated.

          e.      NOTE

          The Company's obligations with respect to the Loans shall be evidenced
by a note for each Bank in the form  attached as EXHIBIT A (each,  a "Note" and,
collectively,  the "Notes").  The amount, the rate of interest for each Loan and
the Interest Period (if applicable)  shall be endorsed by the respective Bank on
the  schedule  attached to its Note,  or at any Bank's  option,  in its records,
which schedule or records shall be conclusive,  absent manifest error, PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that the  failure  of any Bank to record any of the  foregoing  or any
error in any such record shall not limit or otherwise  affect the  obligation of
the  Company  to repay all Loans  made to it  hereunder  together  with  accrued
interest thereon.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 5

     2.   FEES.

          a.      CERTAIN FEES

          The  Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Agent certain fees
set forth in the Fee Letter at the time  specified in the Fee Letter for payment
of such amounts.

          b.      FACILITY FEE

          The Company agrees  to pay to the Banks a facility fee at the Fee Rate
on the amount of the Facility  (whether or not used). Such facility fee shall be
payable by the Company  quarterly on the 30th day of each December,  March, June
and September after the date hereof and on the Termination  Date as set forth in
Section 1(c) hereof.

          c.      UTILIZATION FEE

          For each day the aggregate amount of Loans outstanding  exceeds 33% of
the  Commitments  as in  effect on such day,  the  Company  agrees to pay to the
Banks, in addition to any other amounts payable hereunder,  a utilization fee on
the aggregate outstanding amount of Loans on such date at a rate per annum equal
to the  Utilization  Fee Rate.  Such  utilization  fee shall be  payable  by the
Company  on the date  when the next  interest  payment  on such  Loans is due in
accordance with Section 1(b) hereof and on the Termination  Date as set forth in
Section 1(c) hereof.

     3.   ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOANS.

          a.      INCREASED COST

          The Company agrees to reimburse each Bank for any increase in the cost
to such Bank of, or any  reduction in the amount of any sum  receivable  by such
Bank in respect of, making or maintaining  any Eurodollar  Loans  (including the
imposition,  modification or deemed  applicability of any reserves,  deposits or
similar requirements). The additional amount required to compensate any Bank for
such  increased  cost or reduced  amount shall be payable by the Company to such
Bank within five days of the Company's  receipt of written notice from such Bank
specifying  such  increased  cost or reduced  amount and the amount  required to
compensate  such Bank therefor,  which notice shall,  in the absence of manifest
error, be conclusive and binding on the Company.  In determining such additional
amount, a Bank may use reasonable averaging, attribution and allocation methods.

          b.      DEPOSITS   UNAVAILABLE   OR  INTEREST   RATE  UNASCERTAINABLE;
IMPRACTICABILITY

          If  the  Company has notified the Agent of its intention  to borrow  a
Eurodollar  Loan for an  Interest  Period  and the Agent or any Bank  determines
(which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Company) that:

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 6

                         (1) deposits of  the necessary amount for such Interest
                  Period are not available to such Bank in the London  interbank
                  market or, by reason of  circumstances  affecting such market,
                  adequate and  reasonable  means do not exist for  ascertaining
                  the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period; or

                         (2) LIBOR  will not adequately and  fairly  reflect the
                  cost to the Bank of making or  funding a  Eurodollar  Loan for
                  such Interest Period; or

                         (3)  the  making  or  funding  of  Eurodollar Loans has
                  become  impracticable as a result of any event occurring after
                  the date of this Agreement  which, in the opinion of the Bank,
                  materially  and adversely  affects such Loans or the interbank
                  eurodollar market;

then any notice of a Eurodollar Loan previously given by the Company and not yet
borrowed shall be deemed to be a notice to make a Prime Rate Loan.

          c.      CHANGES IN LAW RENDERING EURODOLLAR LOANS UNLAWFUL

          If at any  time due to  the adoption  of, or change in, any law, rule,
regulation,  treaty or  directive  or in the  interpretation  or  administration
thereof by any court,  central  bank,  governmental  authority  or  governmental
agency charged with the  interpretation  or administration  thereof,  or for any
other reason arising  subsequent to the date hereof, it shall become (or, in the
good faith judgment of any Bank,  raise a substantial  question as to whether it
is) unlawful for such Bank to make or fund any Eurodollar Loan, Eurodollar Loans
shall not be made  hereunder  for the duration of such  illegality.  If any such
event  shall make it  unlawful  for any Bank to continue  any  Eurodollar  Loans
previously made by it hereunder, the Company shall, after being notified by such
Bank of the occurrence of such event, on such date as shall be specified in such
notice,  either convert such  Eurodollar  Loan to a Prime Rate Loan or prepay in
full such Eurodollar Loan,  together with accrued interest thereon,  without any
premium or penalty (except as provided in Section 3(g)).

          d.      DISCRETION OF THE BANKS AS TO MANNER OF FUNDING

          Each Bank shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or
any part of the Loans in any manner it sees fit; it being  understood,  however,
that for purposes of this Note, all determinations hereunder shall be made as if
such Bank had actually  funded and maintained  each  Eurodollar  Loan during the
Interest Period for such Eurodollar Loan through the purchase of deposits having
a term  corresponding to such Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal
to LIBOR for such Interest Period.

          e.      TAXES

          All payments by  the Company of  principal  of, and  interest on,  the
Loans and all other amounts  payable  hereunder  shall be made free and clear of
and  without  deduction  for any  present  or future  income,  excise,  stamp or
franchise taxes and other taxes, fees, duties,

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 7

withholdings  or other  charges of any nature  whatsoever  imposed by any taxing
authority,  but  excluding  franchise  taxes and taxes imposed on or measured by
each  respective  Bank's net income or receipts (such  non-excluded  items being
called "Taxes").  If any withholding or deduction from any payment to be made by
the  Company  hereunder  is  required  in respect of any Taxes  pursuant  to any
applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Company will

                  i.     pay directly  to the relevant authority the full amount
          required to be so withheld or deducted;

                  ii.    promptly  forward  to each  Bank an official receipt or
          other documentation  satisfactory to such Bank evidencing such payment
          to such authority; and

                  iii.   pay to each Bank such additional  amount or amounts  as
          is necessary to ensure that the net amount  actually  received by such
          Bank will equal the full amount such Bank would have  received  had no
          such withholding or deduction been required.

Moreover,  if any Taxes are directly asserted against any Bank or on any payment
received  by such Bank  hereunder,  such Bank may pay such Taxes and the Company
will promptly pay such  additional  amount  (including any penalty,  interest or
expense)  as is  necessary  in order that the net amount  received  by such Bank
after the payment of such Taxes (including any Taxes on such additional  amount)
shall  equal the amount  such Bank would  have  received  had no such Taxes been
asserted.

          If  the  Company fails to  pay  any  Taxes when due to the appropriate
taxing  authority or fails to remit to any Bank the  required  receipts or other
required  documentary  evidence,  the Company shall  indemnify such Bank for any
incremental  Tax,  interest,  penalty or expense that may become payable by such
Bank as a result of any such failure.

          f.      INCREASED CAPITAL COSTS

          If   any change  in,  or  the  introduction,  adoption, effectiveness,
interpretation,   reinterpretation  or  phase-in  of,  any  law  or  regulation,
directive,  guideline,  decision or request  (whether or not having the force of
law) of any court,  central  bank,  regulator  or other  governmental  authority
affects  or would  affect  the  amount of capital  required  or  expected  to be
maintained  by any Bank or any  entity  controlling  any  Bank,  and  such  Bank
determines (in its sole and absolute  discretion) that the rate of return on its
or such controlling  entity's capital as a consequence of the Loans made by such
Bank or the  commitment  hereunder  is reduced to a level  below that which such
Bank or such  controlling  entity could have achieved but for the  occurrence of
any such circumstance,  then, in any such case, upon notice from time to time by
any Bank to the Company, the Company shall immediately pay directly to such Bank
additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Bank or such controlling entity
for such reduction in rate

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 8

of return.  A statement of any Bank as to any such additional  amount or amounts
(including  calculations  thereof in reasonable detail) shall, in the absence of
manifest  error, be conclusive and binding on the Company.  In determining  such
amount,  each Bank may use  reasonable  averaging,  attribution  and  allocation
methods.

          g.      FUNDING LOSSES

          The Company will indemnify  the Banks  upon demand against any loss or
expense which any Bank may sustain or incur (including,  without limitation, any
loss or expense  sustained or incurred in  obtaining,  liquidating  or employing
deposits or other  funds  acquired  to effect,  fund or maintain  any Loan) as a
consequence  of (i) any failure of the  Company to make any payment  when due of
any amount due hereunder,  (ii) any failure of the Company to borrow a Loan on a
date specified therefor in a notice thereof, or (iii) any payment (including any
payment  upon  any  Bank's  acceleration  of the  Loans)  or  prepayment  of any
Eurodollar  Loan on a date  other than the last day of the  Interest  Period for
such Loan.

     4.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

          a.      INITIAL LOAN

          The obligation of each Bank to  make the initial Loan shall be subject
to the prior or  concurrent  satisfaction  of each of the  following  conditions
precedent:

                  i.     The  Company  shall  have  delivered  to  the  Agent  a
          certificate  dated the date of the initial  Loan of its  Secretary  or
          Assistant  Secretary as to (i)  resolutions  of its Board of Directors
          then in full force and effect authorizing the execution,  delivery and
          performance of this Agreement,  the Notes,  and each of the other Loan
          Documents;  and (ii) the  incumbency  and  signatures  of those of its
          officers  authorized to act with respect to this  Agreement,  the Note
          and each of the Loan Documents  executed by it, upon which certificate
          the Banks may conclusively rely until it shall have received a further
          certificate  of the  Secretary or  Assistant  Secretary of the Company
          canceling or amending such prior certificate.

                  ii.    Each Bank shall  have received its respective Note duly
          executed and delivered by the Company.

                  iii.   The Agent shall have received an opinion dated the date
          of the initial Loan from  counsel to the Company in form  satisfactory
          to the Agent.

                  iv.    The  Company  shall  have  paid to  the  Agent, for the
          account of the Banks, a renewal fee equal to 0.20% of the  Commitments
          in effect on the date hereof,  such fee to be distributed to the Banks
          based upon their share of the Commitments on the date hereof.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 9

          b.      EACH LOAN

          The obligation of each Bank to make any  Loan (including  the  initial
Loan) shall be subject to the following statements being true and correct before
and after giving effect to such Loan: (i) the representations and warranties set
forth in  Section 5 shall be true and  correct  with the same  effect as if then
made  (unless  stated to relate  solely to an earlier  date,  in which case such
representations  and  warranties  shall be true and  correct as of such  earlier
date);  and (ii) no Event of Default or  Unmatured  Event of Default  shall have
occurred and be continuing.

          Each request for a Loan  shall  be  deemed  a  representation  by  the
Company, as to the matters set forth in this Section.

     5.   REPRESENTATIONS.

          The Company represents and warrants to the Banks that:

          a.      ORGANIZATION

          It is a corporation duly organized and in good standing under the laws
of its  state  of  organization  and  duly  qualified  to do  business  in  each
jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary.

          b.      AUTHORIZATION

          The execution and delivery of  this Agreement, the Note  and the other
Loan Documents and the performance by the Company of its  obligations  hereunder
and thereunder are within the Company's  powers and have been duly authorized by
all necessary  action on the Company's  part, and do not and will not contravene
or conflict with the Company's organizational documents or violate or constitute
a default under any law, rule or regulation any presently  existing  requirement
or   restriction   imposed  by   judicial,   arbitral   or  other   governmental
instrumentality  or any agreement,  instrument or indenture by which the Company
is bound.

          c.      ENFORCEABILITY

          This Agreement is the Company's  legal, valid and  binding obligation,
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

          d.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          The audited financial statements  of  the  Company as at  December 31,
2001 and the interim  financial  statements  of the Company as at September  30,
2002,  copies of which have been  furnished to the Agent,  have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles  consistently applied,
and present fairly the financial condition of the

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 10

Company at the date  thereof  and the results of its  operations  for the period
then ended. Since the date of such interim financial statements,  there has been
no Material Adverse Change.

          e.      USE OF PROCEEDS

          The Company agrees that proceeds of any  Loan shall be used solely for
the purpose of providing  liquidity  support with  respect to  commercial  paper
borrowings of the Company or for other valid general corporate purposes.

     6.   COVENANTS.

          From the date  of this  Agreement and thereafter until the termination
of the Facility and until the  Obligations  are paid in full, the Company agrees
that it will:

          a.      FINANCIAL INFORMATION. Furnish to the Agent:

                  i.     As soon as  available and  in any event within  60 days
          after  the end of each of the  first  three  fiscal  quarters  of each
          fiscal  year  of  the  Company,  consolidated  balance  sheets  of the
          Company,  and  internally  prepared  unaudited  consolidating  balance
          sheets of the Company and its subsidiaries, each as at the end of such
          fiscal  quarter,  and  statements  of  earnings  and cash  flow of the
          Company, and internally prepared unaudited consolidating statements of
          earnings of the Company and its  subsidiaries,  each for such  quarter
          and for the period commencing at the beginning of such fiscal year and
          ending with the end of such quarter,  certified by the chief financial
          officer of the Company;

                  ii.    as soon as  available and in  any event within 120 days
          after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a copy of the annual
          audit report for such fiscal year for the Company,  including  balance
          sheets of the Company as of the end of such fiscal year and statements
          of earnings and cash flow for such fiscal year, in each case certified
          in a manner acceptable to the Agent by independent  public accountants
          acceptable  to  the  Agent  together  with  the  internally   prepared
          unaudited  (a)  consolidating  balance  sheets  as of the  end of such
          fiscal year, and (b) statements of earnings for the period  commencing
          at the  beginning  of such fiscal year and ending with the end of such
          fiscal year, of the Company and its subsidiaries;

                  iii.   upon the occurrence of a Unmatured Event of Default or
          Event of Default,  notice of such Unmatured  Event of Default or Event
          of Default; and

                  iv.    such other information with respect to the condition or
          operations,  financial  or  otherwise,  of the Company as any Bank may
          from time to time reasonably request.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 11

          b.      FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF PROCEEDS

          Not, and not permit any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company to, use
the  proceeds  of any Loan,  directly  or  indirectly,  for the  purpose  of (i)
purchasing  any  securities   underwritten  or  privately  placed  by  ABN  AMRO
Incorporated  ("AAI"),  an affiliate of the Agent,  (ii) purchasing from AAI any
securities in which AAI makes a market or (iii)  refinancing or making  payments
of principal,  interest or dividends on any securities issued by the Company, or
any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company,  and underwritten,  privately placed
or dealt in by AAI.

          c.      PROHIBITION OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES. The Company shall not:

                  i.     Enter into any transaction of  merger of  consolidation
          or amalgamation,  or liquidate,  wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer
          any liquidation or dissolution); or

                  ii.    Convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose  of,
          in one transaction or a series of  transactions,  all or a substantial
          portion of its business or property  without the prior written consent
          of the  Required  Banks,  which  consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably
          withheld.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection (c), the Company may
merge or  consolidate  with any other  Person if the  Company  is the  surviving
corporation or the surviving  corporation assumes the liabilities of the Company
by operation of law or otherwise.

          d.      MAXIMUM RATIO OF FUNDED DEBT TO TOTAL CAPITAL

          The Company shall at all times, measured as of the end of each
fiscal quarter of the Company, maintain a maximum ratio of Funded Debt to Total
Capital of .60 to 1.0.

          e.      INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO

          The Company shall maintain at all times an Interest Coverage  Ratio of
not less than 3.00 to 1.00, as  determined at the end of each fiscal  quarter of
the Company.

     7.   EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

          a.      EVENTS. Each  of  the  following  shall constitute an Event of
Default:

                  i.     The Company fails to pay when due any principal of, or
          interest on, any Loan or any other amount  payable  hereunder or under
          any Note;

                  ii.    Any material representation or warranty of the  Company
          made  or  deemed  made   hereunder  or  under  any  other  writing  or
          certificate  furnished by or

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 12


          on  behalf of the  Company  to the  Agent  for the  purposes  of or in
          connection  with this  Agreement  shall  prove to have  been  false or
          misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made;

                  iii.   The  Company  defaults  in   the  due  performance   or
          observance  of Section  6(b)  hereof or the  Company  defaults  in any
          material  respect in the due  performance  or  observance of any other
          agreement  contained  herein or in any other  Loan  Document  and such
          default  shall  continue for 30 days after notice  thereof  shall have
          been given to the Company from the Agent;

                  iv.    The maturity of  any indebtedness of  the Company under
          any agreement or obligation in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
          $5,000,000 shall be accelerated,  or any default shall occur under one
          or more agreements or instruments under which such indebtedness may be
          issued or created and such default shall continue for a period of time
          sufficient to permit the holder or beneficiary of such indebtedness or
          a trustee  therefor to cause the  acceleration of the maturity of such
          indebtedness  or any  mandatory  unscheduled  prepayment,  purchase or
          funding thereof;

                  v.     Judgments or orders for the payment of money in  excess
          of $5,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company and such judgments
          or orders shall continue  unsatisfied  and unstayed for a period of 30
          days:

                  vi.    The Company or any Subsidiary shall

                         (1) become insolvent or generally fail to pay, or admit
                  in writing its  inability or  unwillingness  to pay,  debts as
                  they become due;

                         (2) apply   for,  consent  to   or  acquiesce  in   the
                  appointment  of a  trustee,  receiver,  sequestrator  or other
                  custodian  for the Company or any  Subsidiary  or any property
                  thereof,  or make a  general  assignment  for the  benefit  of
                  creditors;

                         (3) in  the  absence of  such application,  consent  or
                  acquiescence,  permit or suffer to exist the  appointment of a
                  trustee,  receiver,  sequestrator  or other  custodian for the
                  Company or any  Subsidiary  or for a  substantial  part of the
                  property thereof, and such trustee, receiver,  sequestrator or
                  other custodian shall not be discharged within 30 days;

                         (4) permit or suffer  to exist  the commencement of any
                  bankruptcy,  reorganization, debt arrangement or other case or
                  proceeding  under any  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  law, or any
                  dissolution,  winding up or liquidation proceeding, in respect
                  of the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  and,  if any such case or
                  proceeding is not commenced by the Company or such Subsidiary,
                  such case or proceeding shall be consented to or acquiesced in

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 13

                  by the Company or such Subsidiary or shall result in the entry
                  of  an  order  for   relief  or  shall   remain  for  60  days
                  undismissed; or

                         (5) take any action authorizing, or  in furtherance of,
                  any of the foregoing; or

                  vii. any Material Adverse Change shall have occurred.

          b.      REMEDIES

          Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 7(a)(vi), the
commitment of the Banks to make Loans shall be terminated  and the Notes and all
other  obligations  hereunder shall become  immediately due and payable in full;
and upon the  occurrence  of any other Event of Default,  the  commitment of the
Banks to make Loans may be  terminated  by the Banks and the Agent tray  declare
the Notes and the principal of and accrued  interest on each Loan, and all other
amounts payable hereunder, to be forthwith due and payable in full.

     8.   DEFINITIONS.

          As used in this Agreement:

          "AGENT" means LaSalle  Bank  National Association, in its capacity  as
 Agent for the Banks hereunder, and its successors in such capacity.

          "APPLICABLE  MARGIN" means (i) with respect to Eurodollar  Loans,  (a)
0.525% per annum for any day Level I Status exists; (b) 0.750% per annum for any
day Level II Status  exists;  (c)  0.850% per annum for any day Level III Status
exists;  (d) 1.300% per annum for any day Level IV Status exists; and (e) 2.000%
per annum for any day Level V Status exists; and (ii) with respect to Prime Rate
Loans,  (a) 0.000% per annum for any day Level I Status  exists;  (b) 0.000% per
annum for any day Level II Status exists; (c) 0.000% per annum for any day Level
III Status exists;  (d) 0.500% per annum for any day Level IV Status exists; and
(e) 1.500% per annum for any day Level V Status exists.

          "AUTHORIZED OFFICER" means each officer or employee of the Company who
is  authorized to request  Loans,  to confirm in writing any such request and to
agree to rates of interest,  as set forth on the schedule of Authorized Officers
most recently delivered by the Company to the Agent.

          "BANK" means each bank listed on the signature  page hereof,  or which
subsequently becomes a party hereto by execution of a Joinder Agreement, and its
successors and assigns.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 14

          "BANKING DAY" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which the Banks are  required  or  permitted  to close in Chicago  and,  with
respect to Eurodollar  Loans on which  dealings in Dollars are carried on in the
London interbank market.

          "COMMITMENT"  means,  with respect to each Bank,  the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Bank on the signature  pages  hereof,  or on a Joinder
Agreement, as applicable.

          "CONSOLIDATED  EBITDA" means, for any period,  for the Company and its
subsidiaries (which for purposes of this definition shall include any subsidiary
consolidated  into the  financial  statements  of the Company  other than ALLETE
Water  Services,  Inc. and any other  subsidiary  of the Company as to which the
Company has announced on or prior to December 15, 2002 that it will  discontinue
the operations of such  subsidiary) on a consolidated  basis, (A) the sum of the
amounts  for such  period of (i)  Consolidated  Net  Income,  (ii) to the extent
deducted in arriving at Consolidated  Net Income,  net federal,  state and local
income taxes in respect of such period, (iii) to the extent deducted in arriving
at Consolidated Net Income,  Consolidated  Interest Expense,  (iv) to the extent
deducted in  arriving at  Consolidated  Net Income,  the amount  charged for the
amortization  of intangible  assets,  (v) to the extent  deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income,  the amount charged for the depreciation of assets, and
(vi)  to  the  extent   deducted  in  arriving  at   Consolidated   Net  Income,
extraordinary  losses,  less (B) the  amount  for such  period of, to the extent
added in  arriving  at  Consolidated  Net Income,  extraordinary  gains,  all as
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

          "CONSOLIDATED INTEREST EXPENSE" means, with reference to any period of
the Company and its  subsidiaries  (which for purposes of this definition  shall
include any subsidiary consolidated into the financial statements of the Company
other than ALLETE Water Services,  Inc. and any other  subsidiary of the Company
as to which the Company has  announced  on or prior to December 15, 2002 that it
will discontinue the operations of such subsidiary), the sum of (i) all interest
charges (including  capitalized interest,  imputed interest charges with respect
to  capitalized  leases and all  amortization  of debt  discount and expense and
other  deferred  financing  charges) of the Company  and its  subsidiaries  on a
consolidated  basis, and (ii) all commitment or other fees payable in respect of
the  issuance of standby  letters of credit or other credit  facilities  for the
account of the Company or its subsidiaries,  all as determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP.

          "CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME" means, for any period of the Company and its
subsidiaries (which for purposes of this definition shall include any subsidiary
consolidated  into the  financial  statements  of the Company  other than ALLETE
Water  Services,  Inc. and any other  subsidiary  of the Company as to which the
Company has announced on or prior to December 15, 2002 that it will  discontinue
the operations of such  subsidiary),  the amount for such period of consolidated
net income (or net loss) of the Company and its subsidiaries, as determined on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 15

          "EURODOLLAR LOAN" means any  Loan  which  bears  interest  at  a  rate
determined with reference to LIBOR (plus the Applicable Margin).

          "EVENT OF DEFAULT" means an event described in Section 7(a).

          "FACILITY" has the meaning set forth in  the initial paragraph of this
Agreement.

          "FEDERAL  FUNDS  RATE"  means,  the per annum rate at which  overnight
federal  funds  are from  time to time  offered  to the Agent by any bank in the
interbank market, as stated by the Agent.

          "FEE  LETTER"  means that  certain  letter  between the  Borrower  and
LaSalle Bank National Association and its affiliates relating to certain fees to
be paid by the Borrower to, and solely for the account of, LaSalle Bank National
Association and its affiliates, as such letter may from time to time be amended.

          "FEE  RATE"  means a rate per annum  equal to (i) 0.100% per annum for
any day Level I Status exists; (ii) 0.125% per annum for any day Level II Status
exists;  (iii) 0.150% per annum for any day Level III Status exists; (iv) 0.200%
per annum for any day Level IV Status  exists;  and (v) 0.500% per annum for any
day Level V Status exists.

          "FUNDED DEBT" means,  for any entity on a consolidated  basis (without
duplication):  (i) all indebtedness of such entity for borrowed money;  (ii) the
deferred  and  unpaid  balance of the  purchase  price  owing by such  entity on
account of any assets or services purchased (other than trade payables and other
accrued  liabilities  incurred in the ordinary  course of business  that are not
overdue by more than 180 days  unless  being  contested  in good  faith) if such
purchase  price is (A) due more than nine months from the date of  incurrence of
the  obligation  in  respect  thereof  or (B)  evidenced  by a note or a similar
written   instrument;   (iii)  all  capitalized  lease  obligations;   (iv)  all
indebtedness secured by a Lien on any property owned by such entity,  whether or
not such  indebtedness has been assumed by such entity or is nonrecourse to such
entity; (v) notes payable and drafts accepted representing  extensions of credit
whether or not  representing  obligations  for  borrowed  money (other than such
notes or drafts from the  deferred  purchase  price of assets or services to the
extent  such  purchase   price  is  excluded  from  clause  (ii)  above);   (vi)
indebtedness evidenced by bonds, notes or similar written instrument;  (vii) the
face amount of all  letters of credit and  bankers'  acceptances  issued for the
account of such entity,  and without  duplication,  all drafts drawn  thereunder
(other  than such  letters of credit,  bankers'  acceptances  and drafts for the
deferred  purchase price of assets or services to the extent such purchase price
is under  interest rate  agreements  or currency  agreements);  (viii)  guaranty
obligations  of such entity with respect to  indebtedness  for borrowed money of
another entity (including affiliates) in excess of $25,000,000 in the aggregate;
provided, however, that in no event shall any calculation of Funded Debt include
(a) deferred taxes,  (b) securitized  trade  receivables,  (c) deferred  credits
including  regulatory assets and  contributions in aid of construction,  (d) the
lease obligations for Lake Superior Paper, Inc. relating to paper mill

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 16

equipment as provided for under an operating  lease extending to 2012 or (e) 75%
of the indebtedness associated with Square Butte.

          "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting  principles as in effect in
the United States from time to time,  applied by the Company and any  subsidiary
on a basis consistent with the preparation of the Company's financial statements
furnished to the Agent.

          "INTEREST  COVERAGE RATIO" means,  for any period of four  consecutive
fiscal  quarters of the Company  ending with the most  recently  completed  such
fiscal  quarter,  the  ratio  of (A)  Consolidated  EBITDA  to (B)  Consolidated
Interest Expense for such period.

          "INTEREST PERIOD" means for any Eurodollar Loan, a period of one, two,
three or six months,  as designated by the Company,  in each case  commencing on
the date of such Loan.  Each Interest  Period that would  otherwise end on a day
which is not a Banking Day shall end on the next  succeeding  Banking Day unless
such next Banking Day would be the first Banking Day in the next calendar month,
in which case such Interest  Period shall end on the preceding  Banking Day. Any
Interest  Period for a Eurodollar Loan which begins on the last Banking Day of a
calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically  corresponding day
in the calendar month at the end of such Interest  Period) shall end on the last
Banking  Day of the  calendar  month  at the end of  such  Interest  Period.  No
Interest Period shall extend beyond the Termination  Date, and in such case, the
Termination Date shall be deemed the end of the Interest Period.

          "JOINDER  AGREEMENT"  means a joinder  agreement in the form  attached
hereto as Exhibit "B."

          "LEVEL I STATUS" means, subject to Section 9(r) hereof, the S&P Rating
is A- or higher and the Moody's Rating is A3 or higher.

          "LEVEL II  STATUS"  means,  subject to Section  9(r)  hereof,  Level I
Status  does not exist,  but the S&P  Rating is BBB+ or higher  and the  Moody's
Rating is Baa1 or higher.

          "LEVEL III STATUS"  means,  subject to Section  9(r)  hereof,  neither
Level I Status nor Level II Status  exists,  but the S&P Rating is BBB or higher
and the Moody's rating is Baa2 or higher.

          "LEVEL IV STATUS" means, subject to Section 9(r) hereof, none of Level
I Status,  Level II Status  nor Level III Status  exists,  but the S&P Rating is
BBB- or higher and the Moody's Rating is Baa3 or higher.

          "LEVEL V STATUS" means,  subject to Section 9(r) hereof, none of Level
I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status nor Level IV Status exists.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 17


          "LIBOR"  means a rate of  interest  equal  to the  per  annum  rate of
interest at which United States dollar  deposits in an amount  comparable to the
principal balance of the Eurodollar Loan to be made by the Agent in its capacity
as a Bank and for a period equal to the relevant  Interest Period are offered in
the London Interbank  Eurodollar market at 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business
Days prior to the  commencement  of each  Interest  Period,  as displayed in the
Bloomberg  Financial Markets system, or other  authoritative  source selected by
the  Agent in its  reasonable  discretion,  divided  by a number  determined  by
subtracting from 1.00 the maximum reserve percentage for determining reserves to
be maintained  by member banks of the Federal  Reserve  System for  Eurocurrency
liabilities,  such rate to remain fixed for such  Interest  Period.  The Agent's
determination of LIBOR shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

          "LOAN" means a loan made pursuant to Section 1.

          "LOAN  DOCUMENTS"  means  this  Agreement,  the Notes  and each  other
agreement, document or instrument delivered in connection with this Agreement.

          "MATERIAL   ADVERSE   CHANGE"   means  any  change  in  the  business,
organization,  assets,  properties  or  condition  (financial  or  other) of the
Company which could  materially  and adversely  affect the Company's  ability to
perform hereunder including,  without limitation,  representations,  warranties,
covenants and payment of Obligations.

          "MOODY'S  RATING"  means the  rating  assigned  by  Moody's  Investors
Service,  Inc. and any successor thereto that is a nationally  recognized rating
agency  to  the  outstanding  senior  unsecured  non-credit  enhanced  long-term
indebtedness of the Company (or if neither Moody's Investors  Service,  Inc. nor
any such successor shall be in the business of rating long-term indebtedness,  a
nationally  recognized  rating agency in the U.S. as mutually agreed between the
Agent and the Company).  Any reference in this Agreement to any specific  rating
is a reference to such rating as currently defined by Moody's Investors Service,
Inc. (or such a successor) and shall be deemed to refer to the equivalent rating
if such rating system changes.

          "NOTE" has the meaning set forth in SECTION 1.5.

          "NOTICE OF  BORROWING"  means a notice  from the  Company to the Agent
requesting  the  making of a Loan and which is  delivered  pursuant  to  Section
1(a)(i) or Section 1(a)(ii) hereof.

          "OBLIGATIONS"  means all  obligations  (monetary or  otherwise) of the
Company arising under or in connection  with this Agreement,  the Notes and each
of the other Loan Documents.

          "PRIME  RATE" means a floating  rate of  interest  equal to the higher
(redetermined  daily) of (i) the per annum  rate of  interest  announced  by the
Agent from time to time at its principal office in Chicago as its prime rate for
Dollar loans or (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%.  (The "prime rate" is set
by the Agent based upon  various  factors  and is used as a reference

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 18

point for pricing some loans.  It is not  necessarily the best rate available to
the Agent's customers at any point in time.)

          "PRIME  RATE  LOAN"  means any Loan  which  bears  interest  at a rate
determined by reference to the Prime Rate.

          "REQUIRED  BANKS" means, at any time, Banks having at least 66-2/3% of
the aggregate amount of the Commitments.

          "S&P RATING"  means the rating  assigned by Standard & Poor's  Ratings
Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill  Companies,  Inc. and any successor thereto
that  is a  nationally  recognized  rating  agency  to  the  outstanding  senior
unsecured  non-credit  enhanced  long-term  indebtedness  of the Company (or, if
neither  such  division  nor any  successor  shall be in the  business of rating
long-term  indebtedness,  a nationally  recognized  rating agency in the U.S. as
mutually  agreed  between  the Agent and the  Company).  Any  reference  in this
Agreement  to any  specific  rating is a reference  to such rating as  currently
defined by  Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Group,  a  division  of The  McGraw-Hill
Companies,  Inc.  (or such a  successor)  and  shall be  deemed  to refer to the
equivalent rating if such rating system changes.

          "SUBSIDIARY" means ALLETE Automotive Services, Inc.

          "TAXES" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(e).

          "TOTAL  CAPITAL"  means the sum of  retained  earnings,  stockholders'
equity (including preferred stock and QUIPs), all determined with respect to the
Company and its  subsidiaries  on a consolidated  basis in accordance  with GAAP
consistently applied, and Funded Debt.

          "UNMATURED  EVENT OF DEFAULT"  means an event which with  notice,  the
lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default.

          "UTILIZATION  FEE RATE" means a rate equal to (i) 0.125% per annum for
any day Level I Status exists; (ii) 0.125% per annum for any day Level II Status
exists;  (iii) 0.125% per annum for any day Level III Status exists; (iv) 0.250%
per annum for any day Level IV Status  exists;  and (v) 0.500% per annum for any
day Level V Status exists.

     9.   GENERAL.

          a.      INSTRUCTIONS

          The  Company  hereby  authorizes  the Agent and each Bank to rely upon
telephonic,  written or facsimile instructions of any person identifying himself
or herself as an Authorized  Officer and upon any  signature  which the Agent or
such Bank believes to be genuine,  and the Company shall be bound thereby in the
same manner as if such person were  authorized

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 19

or such  signature  were genuine.  The Company agrees to indemnify the Agent and
each Bank from and against all losses and expenses arising out of the Agent's or
such Bank's reliance on said instructions or signatures.

          b.      PAYMENTS

          Payments  hereunder  and under the Note  shall be made in  immediately
available funds in Dollars without off-set, counter-claim or other deduction.

          c.      COSTS

          The  Company  shall  pay all costs of the Agent  with  respect  to the
negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, any amendments,  waivers, consents or modifications with respect
thereto  and all  costs of the Agent  and each  Bank in  connection  with the of
enforcement  or  collection  of every  kind,  including  but not  limited to all
reasonable  attorneys' fees,  court costs and expenses  incurred by the Agent or
any Bank in connection  with  collection or  protection  or  enforcement  of any
rights hereunder whether or not any lawsuit is ever filed.

          d.      INDEMNIFICATION

          In  consideration  of the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by
the Agent and each Bank and the  extension  of  credit  hereunder,  the  Company
hereby indemnifies, exonerates and holds the Agent and each Bank and each of its
respective  officers,  directors,   employees  and  agents  (collectively,   the
"Indemnified  Parties")  free and harmless from and against any and all actions,
causes of action,  suits, losses,  costs,  liabilities and damages, and expenses
incurred in connection therewith (irrespective of whether such Indemnified Party
is a party  to the  action  for  which  indemnification  hereunder  is  sought),
including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  disbursements  (collectively,  the
"Indemnified  Liabilities"),  incurred by the Indemnified Parties or any of them
as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to any transaction financed or to
be financed in whole or in part,  directly or  indirectly,  with the proceeds of
any  Loan  or  any  investigation,  litigation  or  proceeding  related  to  any
environmental  cleanup,  audit,  compliance  or  other  matter  relating  to the
protection  of the  environment  or the release by the Company of any  hazardous
material, except for any such Indemnified Liabilities arising for the account of
a particular  Indemnified  Party by reason of the relevant  Indemnified  Party's
gross negligence or willful misconduct.  If and to the extent that the foregoing
undertaking may be  unenforceable  for any reason,  the Company hereby agrees to
make the  maximum  contribution  to the payment in  satisfaction  of each of the
Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.

          e.      NOTICES

          All  notices and  other communications provided  to  any party  hereto
under  this  Agreement  or any other  Loan  Document  shall be in  writing or by
facsimile and  addressed,  delivered or transmitted to such party at its address
or facsimile number set forth below its

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 20

signature  hereto  or at  such  other  address  or  facsimile  number  as may be
designated by such party in a notice to the other parties. Any notice, if mailed
and  properly  addressed  with postage  prepaid  shall be deemed given five days
after  mailed.  Any notice sent by courier  service  shall be deemed  given when
received.  Any notice,  if transmitted by facsimile,  shall be deemed given when
transmitted.

          f.      SURVIVAL

          The Obligations of the Company under Sections 2(b),  3(a), 3(e), 3(f),
3(g),  9(c), 9(d) and 10(g) hereof shall survive any payment of the principal of
and interest on the Loans and the termination of this Agreement.

          g.      COUNTERPARTS

          This Agreement may be executed in any number of separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,  and all such
counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of
an executed  counterpart  via facsimile or other method shall be as effective as
delivery of an original executed counterpart.

          h.      AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

          Any  provision  of this  Agreement  or any other Loan  Document may be
amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is
signed by the Company and the  Required  Banks (and,  if the rights or duties of
the Agent are affected thereby, by the Agent);  PROVIDED that no such amendment,
waiver or  modification  shall,  unless signed by all the Banks,  (i) change the
Commitment of any Bank (except for a ratable  decrease in the Commitments of all
Banks)  or  subject  any Bank to any  additional  obligation,  (ii)  reduce  the
principal  of or rate of  interest  on any  Loan or any  fees  hereunder,  (iii)
postpone  the date fixed for any payment of principal of or interest on any Loan
or any fees hereunder or (iv) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the
aggregate unpaid  principal  amount of the Notes, or the number of Banks,  which
shall be  required  for the Banks or any of them to take any  action  under this
Section or any other provision of this Agreement. Any waiver by the Agent or any
Bank of any  rights  hereunder  or under  any  other  Loan  Document  shall  not
constitute  a waiver of any other rights of the Agent and the Banks from time to
time.

          i.      JURISDICTION

          ANY  LITIGATION  BASED  HEREON,  OR  ARISING  OUT  OF,  UNDER,  OR  IN
CONNECTION  WITH,  THIS  AGREEMENT OR THE NOTE OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY
COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR
ACTIONS OF THE AGENT,  ANY BANK OR THE COMPANY  SHALL BE BROUGHT AND  MAINTAINED
EXCLUSIVELY  IN THE  COURTS OF THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS  OR IN THE  UNITED  STATES
DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  THAT
ANY

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 21

SUIT  SEEKING  ENFORCEMENT  AGAINST  ANY  COLLATERAL  OR OTHER  PROPERTY  MAY BE
BROUGHT,  AT THE AGENT'S OPTION,  IN THE COURTS OF ANY  JURISDICTION  WHERE SUCH
COLLATERAL  OR OTHER  PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND.  THE COMPANY  HEREBY  EXPRESSLY AND
IRREVOCABLY  SUBMITS TO THE  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS
AND OF THE UNITED STATES  DISTRICT  COURT FOR THE NORTHERN  DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS
FOR THE  PURPOSE  OF ANY SUCH  LITIGATION  AS SET FORTH  ABOVE  AND  IRREVOCABLY
CONSENTS  TO  PERSONAL  SERVICE  WITHIN OR WITHOUT  THE STATE OF  ILLINOIS.  THE
COMPANY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, ANY  OBJECTION  WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY
CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE
EXTENT  THAT  THE  COMPANY  HAS OR  HEREAFTER  MAY  ACQUIRE  ANY  IMMUNITY  FROM
JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS  (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR
NOTICE,  ATTACHMENT  PRIOR  TO  JUDGMENT,  ATTACHMENT  IN  AID OF  EXECUTION  OR
OTHERWISE)  WITH  RESPECT  TO  ITSELF  OR  ITS  PROPERTY,   THE  COMPANY  HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES  SUCH  IMMUNITY  IN  RESPECT OF ITS  OBLIGATIONS  UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, THE NOTE AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT.

          j.      WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

          THE  COMPANY,  THE AGENT  AND THE BANKS  WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  TO  ENFORCE  OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS  UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT,  THE NOTE OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT,  AND THE COMPANY, THE AGENT AND
THE BANKS AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT
AND NOT A JURY.

          k.      CONFIDENTIALITY

          The Company, the Agent and the Banks hereby agree and acknowledge that
all  information  relating  to the  Company  or  any  subsidiary,  which  is (i)
furnished  by the  Company to the Agent and the Banks  pursuant  hereto and (ii)
non-public, confidential or proprietary in nature, shall be kept confidential by
the Agent and the Banks in accordance with  applicable  law,  PROVIDED that such
information and other  information  relating to the Company and its subsidiaries
may be  distributed  by the Agent  and each  Bank to the  Agent and such  Bank's
respective directors, officers, employees,  attorneys,  affiliates, auditors and
regulators (and, upon the order of any court or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction  over the Agent or any Bank,  to any other  person or entity).  The
provisions of this Section 9(k) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 22

          l.      APPLICABLE LAW

          This  Agreement,  the  Notes and each  other  Loan  Document  shall be
governed by the internal  laws of the State of Illinois  applicable to contracts
made and to be performed entirely within such State.

          m.      SHARING OF SET-OFFS

          Each Bank agrees that if it shall,  by exercising any right of set-off
or counterclaim  or otherwise,  receive payment of a proportion of the aggregate
amount of  principal  and interest due with respect to any Note held by it which
is  greater  than the  proportion  received  by any other Bank in respect of the
aggregate  amount of principal and interest due with respect to any Note held by
such other Bank, the Bank receiving such  proportionately  greater payment shall
purchase  such  participations  in the Notes held by the other  Banks,  and such
other adjustments shall be made, as may be required so that all such payments of
principal  and  interest  with  respect to the Notes held by the Banks  shall be
shared by the Banks pro rata; PROVIDED that nothing in this Section shall impair
the right of any Bank to exercise  any right of set-off or  counterclaim  it may
have  and to apply  the  amount  subject  to such  exercise  to the  payment  of
indebtedness  of the Company other than its  indebtedness  under the Notes.  The
Company agrees,  to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable
law, that each Bank and any holder of a participation in a Note,  whether or not
acquired pursuant to the foregoing arrangements,  may exercise rights of set-off
or counterclaim  and other rights under applicable law, and with respect to such
holder of such a  participation  as fully as if such  holder of a  participation
were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation.

          n.      PARTICIPATIONS

          Any  Bank  may at  any  time  grant  to one or  more  banks  or  other
institutions (each a "PARTICIPANT") participating interests in its Commitment or
any or all of  its  Loans.  In the  event  of  any  such  grant  by a Bank  of a
participating  interest  to a  Participant,  whether  or not upon  notice to the
Company  and the  Agent,  such Bank  shall  remain  solely  responsible  for the
performance of its  obligations  hereunder,  and the Company and the Agent shall
continue  to deal solely and  directly  with such Bank in  connection  with such
Bank's rights and obligations  under this Agreement.  Any agreement  pursuant to
which any Bank may grant such a  participating  interest shall provide that such
Bank shall retain the sole right and  responsibility  to enforce the obligations
of the Company hereunder including, without limitation, the right to approve any
amendment,  modification  or  waiver of any  provision  of this  Agreement.  The
Company  agrees  that each  Participant  shall,  to the extent  provided  in its
participation  agreement,  be entitled to the benefits of Section 3 with respect
to its participating interest.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 23

          o.      ASSIGNMENTS

          Any  Bank  may at any  time  assign  to one or  more  banks  or  other
financial institutions (each an "ASSIGNEE") all, or a proportionate part of all,
of its  rights and  obligations  under this  Agreement  and the Notes,  and such
Assignee  shall  assume  such  rights  and  obligations,  pursuant  to a Joinder
Agreement  in  substantially  the  form of  Exhibit  B hereto  executed  by such
Assignee and such transferor Bank, with (and subject to) the subscribed  consent
of the Company,  which shall not be unreasonably  withheld, and the Agent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld; PROVIDED that if an Assignee is an affiliate
of such transferor Bank or was a Bank immediately  prior to such assignment,  no
such consent of the Company  shall be required;  and PROVIDED  FURTHER  that, if
such assignment is in respect of a proportionate  part of the transferor  Bank's
rights and obligations  hereunder and under the Notes, the amount of such Bank's
Commitment  (together with the Commitment of any affiliate of such Bank),  after
taking into account such assignment,  is at least an amount equal to $5,000,000.
Upon  execution and delivery of such  instrument and payment by such Assignee to
such  transferor  Bank of an amount equal to the purchase  price agreed  between
such transferor  Bank and such Assignee,  such Assignee shall be a Bank party to
this  Agreement and shall have all the rights and  obligations  of a Bank with a
Commitment as set forth in such  instrument of  assumption,  and the  transferor
Bank shall be released from its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent,
and no  further  consent  or  action by any party  shall be  required.  Upon the
consummation of any assignment  pursuant to this Subsection 9(o), the transferor
Bank, the Agent and the Company shall make appropriate  arrangements so that, if
required,  a new Note is issued to the  Assignee.  In  connection  with any such
assignment, the transferor Bank shall pay to the Agent an administrative fee for
processing such assignment in the amount of $3,500.

          p.      FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS

          Any Bank may at any time assign all or any portion of its rights under
this  Agreement  and its Note to one or more of the Federal  Reserve Banks which
comprise  the Federal  Reserve  System.  No such  assignment  shall  release the
transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder.

          q.      IDENTITY OF HOLDERS

          The Agent and the Company  may,  for all  purposes of this  Agreement,
treat any Bank as the  holder of any Note  drawn to its order  (and owner of the
Loans evidenced  thereby) until written notice of assignment,  participation  or
other transfer shall have been received by them.

          r.      SPLIT-RATINGS

          In the event the Company's S&P Rating  and Moody's  Rating do not fall
within the same Level Status,  then (1) if the S&P Rating's Level Status and the
Moody's Rating's Level

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 24

Status are in consecutive Level Status categories,  the lower Level Status shall
be deemed to apply for  purposes of this  Agreement  or (2) if the S&P  Rating's
Level Status and the Moody's Rating's Level Status are not in consecutive  Level
Status categories,  then the Level Status immediately above the lower of the S&P
Rating's  Level Status and the Moody's  Rating's Level Status shall be deemed to
apply for purposes of this Agreement.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  Level I
Status  shall be  deemed  the  highest  and Level V Status  shall be deemed  the
lowest.

          s.      CONTINUED EFFECT; NO NOVATION

          Notwithstanding  anything  contained  herein,  this  Agreement  is not
intended to and does not serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. Instead,
it is the express  intention of the parties hereto to reaffirm the  indebtedness
which is outstanding as of the date hereof created under the Existing  Committed
Facility Letter which is evidenced by the notes provided for therein.

          t.      ADDITIONAL LENDERS

          The  Company  may,  upon the  approval  of the Agent,  add  additional
lenders as Banks hereto (each a "NEW BANK"), PROVIDED that if as a result of the
addition  of any New Bank the  aggregate  amount of  Commitments  then in effect
would exceed  $200,000,000,  the  approval of the  Required  Banks shall also be
required  prior to adding  any such New  Bank.  Costs  incurred  by the Agent in
connection with adding any New Bank shall be paid by the Company,  and the legal
documentation  pursuant  to which  any New  Bank is  added  shall be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

          u.      RESIGNATION OF ABN AMRO

          The parties  acknowledge that effective as of the date hereof ABN AMRO
Bank N.V.  is no longer the Agent  under the  Facility  and its  Commitment  has
terminated.

     10.  THE AGENT.

          a.      APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORIZATION

          Each Bank  irrevocably  appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such
action as agent on its behalf and to exercise  such powers under this  Agreement
and the Notes as are  delegated  to the Agent by the  terms  hereof or  thereof,
together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.

          b.      AGENTS FEE

          The  Company  shall pay to the Agent for its own  account  fees in the
amounts  and at the times  previously  agreed  upon  between the Company and the
Agent.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 25

          c.      AGENT AND AFFILIATES

          LaSalle  Bank  National  Association  shall  have the same  rights and
powers  under this  Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise or refrain from
exercising  the same as though it were not the Agent,  and LaSalle Bank National
Association  and its  affiliates may accept  deposits  from,  lend money to, and
generally  engage in any kind of business  with the Company or  affiliate of the
Company as if it were not the Agent hereunder.

          d.      ACTION BY AGENT

          The  obligations of the Agent  hereunder are only those  expressly set
forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  the Agent shall
not be required to take any action with respect to any Event of Default,  except
as expressly  provided in Section 7(b). The Agent's  duties  hereunder and under
the other Loan  Documents are only those  expressly set forth herein and therein
and  nothing  herein  or  therein  shall be  deemed  to  impose on the Agent any
fiduciary obligation to any Bank or the Company.

          e.      CONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS

          The Agent may consult  with legal  counsel (who may be counsel for the
Company),  independent  public  accountants and other experts selected by it and
shall not be liable  for any  action  taken or omitted to be taken by it in good
faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts.

          f.      LIABILITY OF AGENT

          Neither  the  Agent nor any of its  directors,  officers,  agents,  or
employees shall be liable to any Bank for any action taken or not taken by it in
connection herewith (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Banks
or (ii) in the  absence  of its own  gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct.
Neither the Agent nor any of its directors,  officers, agents or employees shall
be  responsible  to any Bank  for or have  any  duty to any  Bank to  ascertain,
inquire into or verify (i) any  statement,  warranty or  representation  made in
connection with this Agreement or any borrowing hereunder;  (ii) the performance
or observance  of any of the  covenants or agreements of the Company;  (iii) the
satisfaction of any condition  specified in Article III, except receipt of items
required to be delivered to the Agent;  (iv) the existence or  continuance of an
Event of Default;  or (iv) the validity,  effectiveness  or  genuineness of this
Agreement,  the  Notes,  the other Loan  Documents  or any other  instrument  or
writing  furnished  in  connection  herewith.  The  Agent  shall  not  incur any
liability  by  acting  in  reliance  upon  any  notice,  consent,   certificate,
statement, or other writing (which may be a bank wire, telex or similar writing)
believed  by it in good faith to be genuine or to be signed by the proper  party
or parties.

<PAGE>

ALLETE
December 24, 2002
Page 26

          g.      INDEMNIFICATION

          Each Bank shall, ratably in accordance with its Commitment,  indemnify
the Agent (to the  extent  not  reimbursed  by the  Company)  against  any cost,
expense (including counsel fees and disbursements),  claim, demand, action, loss
or liability (except such as result from the Agent's gross negligence or willful
misconduct) that the Agent may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement
or any action taken or omitted by the Agent hereunder.

          h.      CREDIT DECISION

          Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as
it has deemed  appropriate,  made its own credit  analysis and decision to enter
into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and
without  reliance upon the Agent or any other Bank,  and based on such documents
and information as it shall deem  appropriate at the time,  continue to make its
own credit decisions in taking or not taking any action under this Agreement.

          i.      SUCCESSOR AGENT

          The Agent may resign at any time by giving  written  notice thereof to
the Banks and the Company.  Upon any such resignation,  the Required Banks shall
have the right to appoint a  successor  Agent,  which  successor  Agent shall be
satisfactory to the Company.  If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed
by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such appointment,  within 30 days
after the retiring  Agent gives notice of  resignation,  then the retiring Agent
may,  on behalf  of the  Banks,  appoint a  successor  Agent,  which  shall be a
commercial  bank  organized or licensed  under the laws of the United  States of
America or of any State thereof and having a combined  capital and surplus of at
least $100,000,000 and shall otherwise be subject to the consent of the Company,
which consent shall not be  unreasonably  withheld.  Upon the  acceptance of its
appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent,  such successor Agent shall
thereupon  succeed  to and become  vested  with all the rights and duties of the
retiring  Agent,  and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations  hereunder.  After any  retiring  Agent's  resignation  hereunder as
Agent,  the  provisions  of this  Article  shall  inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent.

<PAGE>

Agreed to this 24th day of December, 2002

ALLETE, INC.

By:            James Vizanko
       ------------------------------

Title: Vice President, Chief Financial
       ------------------------------
       Officer, and Treasurer

Address:  30 West Superior Street
          Duluth, Minnesota 55802
          Attention: Corporate Treasurer

Facsimile No.: (218) 723-3912








                  Signature Page to Committed Facility Letter


<PAGE>





                  Please acknowledge your agreement to the foregoing by  signing
and returning a copy of this letter.


Commitment:  $40,000,000        LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, individually
                                as a Bank and as Agent.

                                By:    /s/ Denis J. Campbell IV
                                     -----------------------------------------
                                Title:   Senior Vice President
                                       ---------------------------------------



                       Address: LaSalle Bank National Association
                                Syndications Unit
                                135 South LaSalle Street, Suite 1425
                                Chicago, Illinois 60603
                                Attention: Damatria Gilbert
                                Facsimile: (312) 904-4448
                                Telephone: (312) 904-8277

                                With copies to:

                                LaSalle Bank National Association
                                135 South LaSalle Street
                                Chicago, Illinois 60603
                                Attention: Chip Campbell
                                Facsimile: (312) 904-1994
                                Telephone: (312) 904-4497





<PAGE>



  Commitment:  $40,000,000      BANK ONE


                                By:  /s/ Sharon K. Webb
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:  Sharon K. Webb
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                Title: Associate Director
                                      ------------------------------------------



<PAGE>


Commitment:  $40,000,000        SUNTRUST BANK


                                By:  /s/ Paul M. Sunerall
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:  PAUL M. SUNERALL
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                Title:  VICE PRESIDENT






<PAGE>


Commitment:  $30,000,000        WELLS FARGO BANK,
                                NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                By:            /s/ Mark Halldorson
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:            Mark H. Halldorson
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                Title:        Assistant Vice President
                                      ------------------------------------------

                                By:            /s/ James D. Heinz
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:              James D. Heinz
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                Title:          Senior Vice President
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                        Wells Fargo Bank, National Association


<PAGE>



Commitment:  $25,000,000        U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                By:  /s/ Robert E. Grover
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                Name:    Robert E. Grover
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                Title:   Senior Vice President
                                      ------------------------------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
