<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exhibit10z2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(Z)2 AMNTS TO EXECUTIVE LT INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(z)2


                                   AMENDMENTS
                                     TO THE
                                 MINNESOTA POWER
                 EXECUTIVE LONG TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN


     Set forth below are amendments to the Minnesota  Power Executive  Long Term
Incentive  Compensation Plan (the "Plan") dated January 1, 1996, each authorized
and effective as of the date indicated:

1.   Effective May 11, 1999, Section 4.1 is amended to read as follows:

     Subject to Section 4.2 herein,  the total  number of Shares  available
     for grant under the Plan shall not exceed (a) two million, one hundred
     thousand  (2,100,000)  Shares as constituted at the time of the annual
     meeting of stockholders on May 14, 1996, (before the two-for-one stock
     split which became effective March 2, 1999) plus (b) two million, five
     hundred thousand  (2,500,000) Shares as constituted at the time of the
     annual meeting of stockholders on May 11, 1999,  reduced by the number
     of Shares as to which  Options or Shares  have been  granted or issued
     since that time.  Shares may be (i) authorized but unissued  Shares of
     common  stock,  or (ii) Shares  purchased on the open  market.  Shares
     underlying  lapsed or  forfeited  Grants,  Grants that are not paid in
     stock,  previously  acquired  Shares tendered to exercise an Option or
     Shares  withheld  in  accordance  with  Section  16.2 to  satisfy  tax
     withholding  obligations  may be  re-used  for  other  Grants.  Shares
     purchased  on the open  market  shall  increase  the  number of Shares
     available for grant under the Plan.

2.   Effective May 11, 1999 Section 6.1 is amended to read as follows:

     GRANT OF  OPTIONS.  Subject to the terms and  conditions  of the Plan,
     Options  may be granted to an  Eligible  Employee at any time and from
     time to time, as shall be determined by the  Committee.  The Committee
     shall have  complete  discretion in  determining  the number of Shares
     subject to Options granted to each  participant  (subject to Article 4
     herein) and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, in determining
     the terms and

                                        1
<PAGE>

     conditions pertaining to such Options; PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, the maximum
     number of Shares subject to Options which may be granted to any single
     Participant  during any one calendar  year is three  hundred  thousand
     (300,000).  The  Committee  may  grant  ISOs,  NQSOs or a  combination
     thereof.

3.   Effective May 11, 1999, the second  paragraph of  Section 7.1 is amended to
read as follows:

     The Committee shall have complete discretion in determining the number
     of SARs granted to each Participant (subject to Article 4 herein) and,
     consistent  with the provisions of the Plan, in determining  the terms
     and conditions pertaining to such SARs; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, the maximum
     number of SARs which may be granted to any single  Participant  during
     any one calendar year is forty thousand (40,000).

4.   Effective May 11, 1999, Section 9.1 is amended to read as follows:

     GRANT OF  PERFORMANCE  UNITS AND  PERFORMANCE  SHARES.  Subject to the
     terms of the Plan,  Performance Units and/or Performance Shares may be
     granted to an Eligible  Employee at any time and from time to time, as
     shall  be  determined  by the  Committee.  The  Committee  shall  have
     complete  discretion in determining  the number of  Performance  Units
     and/or  Performance  Shares  granted to each  Participant  (subject to
     Article 4 herein) and,  consistent with the provisions of the Plan, in
     determining  the  terms  and  conditions  pertaining  to such  Grants;
     PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  the maximum payout to any single Participant with
     respect to Performance Units granted in any one calendar year shall be
     200% of base salary  determined at the earlier of the beginning of the
     Performance  Period and at the time the  performance  goals are set by
     the  Committee and with respect to  Performance  Shares shall be forty
     thousand (40,000) Shares.

                                       2

<PAGE>


5.   Effective  with  respect  to Options exercised  on  or after July 1, 1999 a
second paragraph of Section 6.1 is added to read as follows:

     The Committee may provide that a Participant who exercises all or part
     of an Option by payment of the Option Price with already owned Shares,
     shall  be  granted  an  additional  Option  (an  "Ownership  Retention
     Option") for a number of Shares of stock equal to the number of Shares
     tendered to exercise the previously  granted Option.  As determined by
     the Committee,  each Ownership Retention Option shall (a) have a grant
     date which is the date as of which the  previously  granted  Option is
     exercised, and (b) be exercisable on the terms and condition as set by
     the Committee,  except that the Option Price shall be determined as of
     the Ownership Retention Option grant date.

6.   Effective  with respect to  Options exercised on or after July 1, 1999, the
third paragraph of Section 6.6 is amended to read as follows:

     The Option  Price upon  exercise of any Option shall be payable to the
     Company  in  full  either:  (a)  in  cash  or its  equivalent,  (b) by
     tendering,  either  by  actual or  constructive  delivery,  previously
     acquired  Shares having an aggregate  fair market value at the time of
     exercise  equal to the total  Option Price  (provided  that the Shares
     which are tendered must have been held by the Participant for at least
     six months prior to their tender to satisfy the Option Price),  (c) by
     Share withholding or (d) by a combination of (a), (b), and/or (c).

7.   Effective  with  respect  to  Grants  exercised  on  or after July 1, 1999,
Section 12 is amended to read as follows:

     The  Committee may permit a  Participant  to defer such  Participant's
     receipt of the  payment of cash or the  delivery  of Shares that would
     otherwise be due such Participant by virtue of (1) the exercise of any
     SAR or Option or (2) the  satisfaction  of any  requirements  or goals
     with  respect  to  any  Grants.  If  any  such  deferral  election  is
     permitted, the Committee

                                       3
<PAGE>

     shall, in its sole discretion, establish rules and procedures for such
     payment deferrals.

8.   Effective with respect to Grants on  or after July 1, 1999, Section 18.6 is
added to read as follows:

     CODE SECTION  162(m).  The Committee may provide in a Grant  Agreement
     that, in the event Code Section  162(m),  or any  successor  provision
     relating to excessive employee remuneration, would operate to disallow
     a  deduction  by the Company for all or part of any payment of a Grant
     under the Plan, a Participant's  receipt of the portion that would not
     be  deductible  by the  Company  shall  be  deferred  until  the  next
     succeeding  year or  years  in which  the  Participant's  remuneration
     either does not exceed the limit set forth in Code  Section  162(m) or
     is not subject to Code Section 162(m).

9.   Effective September 1, 2000, the first paragraph of Section 1.1, is amended
to read as follows:

     ESTABLISHMENT  OF THE PLAN.  ALLETE,  Inc.,  a Minnesota  corporation,
     formerly Minnesota Power & Light Company  (hereinafter  referred to as
     the "Company"),  hereby establishes an outside incentive  compensation
     plan  to be  known  as  the  "ALLETE  Executive  Long  Term  Incentive
     Compensation  Plan"  (hereinafter  referred to as the "Plan"),  as set
     forth in this  document.  The Plan  permits the grant of  nonqualified
     stock  options   (NQSO),   incentive   stock  options   (ISO),   stock
     appreciation  rights  (SAR),  restricted  stock,   performance  units,
     performance shares and other grants.

10.  Effective September 1, 2000, Section 2.7 is amended to read as follows:

     "COMPANY" means ALLETE, Inc., a Minnesota corporation,  formerly known
     as  Minnesota  Power & Light  Company,  or any  successor  thereto  as
     provided in Article 17 herein.

                                       4

<PAGE>


11.  Effective January 23, 2002, Section 2.31 is amended to read as follows:

     "RETIREMENT"  shall,  with respect to a Participant,  have the meaning
     ascribed to such term in the tax qualified  retirement plan maintained
     by the Company or subsidiary for the benefit of such  Participant.  In
     the event  Participant  is eligible for  benefits  under more than one
     such tax qualified  retirement  plan, the earliest date provided under
     any of said plans shall be the meaning ascribed under this Plan.

12.  Effective May 14, 2002, Section 4.1 is amended to read as follows:

     Subject to Section 4.2 herein,  the total  number of Shares  available
     for grant under the Plan shall not exceed (a) two million, one hundred
     thousand  (2,100,000)  Shares as constituted at the time of the annual
     meeting of stockholders on May 14, 1996 (before the two-for-one  stock
     split which  became  effective  March 2, 1999),  plus (b) two million,
     five hundred thousand (2,500,000) Shares as constituted at the time of
     the annual  meeting of  stockholders  on May 11, 1999,  plus (c) three
     million  (3,000,000)  Shares as  constituted at the time of the annual
     meeting  of  shareholders  on May 14,  2002  reduced  by the number of
     Shares as to which  Options or Shares have been  granted or  exercised
     since that time.  Shares may be (i) authorized but unissued  Shares of
     common  stock,  or (ii) Shares  purchased on the open  market.  Shares
     underlying  lapsed or  forfeited  Grants,  Grants that are not paid in
     stock,  previously  acquired  Shares tendered to exercise an Option or
     Shares  withheld  in  accordance  with  Section  16.2 to  satisfy  tax
     withholding  obligations  may be  re-used  for  other  Grants.  Shares
     purchased  on the open  market  shall  increase  the  number of Shares
     available for grant under the Plan.

13.  Effective  October 16, 2002, Section 2.12 is  amended to  remove the  words
"full time" from the definition of Employee.

                                       5
<PAGE>

14.  Effective January 22, 2003, the 2nd  Paragraph  of  Section 6.1, which  was
added to the Plan  effective for Options  exercised on or after July 1, 1999, is
deleted in its  entirety,  thereby  terminating  the  availability  of Ownership
Retention Options.



                                    ALLETE, Inc.
                                    formerly Minnesota Power & Light Company


                                    By:      /s/ Philip R. Halverson
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Philip R. Halverson
                                             Corporate Secretary, Vice President
                                             and General Counsel




                                       6


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
