<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.
                         ------------------------------

                               DIRECTORS' FEE PLAN
                               -------------------


                             SECTION I - DEFINITIONS
                             -----------------------

         A. Board of Directors: The Board of Directors of the Company.

         B. Common Stock: The Company's common stock, without par value.

         C. Company: National Penn Bancshares, Inc.

         D. Compensation  Committee:  The Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors  (comprised solely of persons who are "non-employee  directors" of the
Company,  as such term is  defined by the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).

         E. Corporate Secretary: The Corporate Secretary of the Company.

         F. Current Stock  Election:  An election to receive  current payment of
Director Fees in shares of Common Stock, without deferral.

         G. Deferred Cash  Compensation  Account:  A book-entry  reserve account
maintained  in the  records  of the  Company  (in the case of its  participating
Directors)  or of a  Subsidiary  (in the  case of its  participating  Directors)
indicating  the  amount  owed to an  individual  Director  as a result of a cash
deferral of his Director Fees.

         H. Deferred Cash Election: An election to defer the receipt of all or a
portion of Director Fees and to receive  eventual  payment of such Director Fees
in cash.

         I. Deferred Stock  Compensation  Account:  A book-entry reserve account
maintained  in the  records  of the  Company  (in the case of its  participating
Directors)  or of a  Subsidiary  (in the  case of its  participating  Directors)
indicating  the amount  owed to an  individual  Director  as a result of a stock
deferral of his Director Fees.

         J.  Deferred  Stock  Election:  An election to defer the receipt of all
Director Fees and to receive eventual payment of such Director Fees in shares of
Common Stock.

         K. Director:  Any duly elected or appointed  director of the Company or
of a  Subsidiary,  or any  duly  appointed  member  of an



                                        1
<PAGE>

advisory  board of a  Subsidiary,  other  than a person who is also a common law
employee of the Company or of a Subsidiary.  For purposes of  administering  and
construing  this Plan, such a common law employee shall be deemed to be a person
who is not a Director.

         L.  Director  Fees:  Fees which are payable to a Director  for services
performed by such Director as a member of the Board of Directors, as a member of
a Subsidiary's board of directors,  as a member of any committee, or as a member
of any advisory board of a Subsidiary.

         M. Election:  The election by a Director to receive payment of Director
Fees other than currently in cash.

         N. Fair Market Value: The fair market value of a share of Common Stock,
determined pursuant to Section XII hereof.

         O.  Interest  Crediting  Date:  March  31,  June 30,  September  30 and
December 31 of each Plan Year.

         P. Plan:  This Directors' Fee Plan, as adopted by the Company and as it
may be amended from time to time.

         Q. Plan Quarter: A calendar quarter.

         R. Plan Year: A calendar year.

         S.  Subsidiary:  Any  corporation,  50% or more of the capital stock of
which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company.


                   SECTION II - PURPOSE; RESERVATION OF SHARES
                   -------------------------------------------

         The  purposes of the Plan are to provide  each  Director  with  payment
alternatives for Director Fees and to increase the  identification  of interests
between  Directors and the  shareholders  of the Company by providing  Directors
with the  opportunity to elect to receive  payment of Director Fees in shares of
Common Stock. For each Plan Year, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
which may be issued under Current Stock  Elections or credited to Deferred Stock
Compensation  Accounts  for  subsequent  issuance  under the Plan is  limited to
25,000 shares,  subject to adjustment and  substitution  as set forth in Section
VII.B.


                    SECTION III - ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE
                    ----------------------------------------

         Except as  otherwise  provided  in  Section  VI or  Section  VIII,  any
Director is eligible to participate in the Plan.


                                       2
<PAGE>


               SECTION IV - PAYMENT OR DEFERRAL OF DIRECTORS' FEES
               ---------------------------------------------------

         A.  General.  Each  Director  may elect to receive  current  payment of
Director  Fees either in cash or in shares of Common  Stock,  without  deferral.
Each  Director  also may elect to defer  payment of Director Fees and to receive
such deferred  payment either in cash or in shares of Common Stock.  An Election
is made by filing with the  Corporate  Secretary a "Notice of  Election"  in the
form prescribed by the Company, appropriately completed. Director Fees earned at
any time for which an  Election  is not  effective  shall be paid in cash on the
date when the Director Fees are otherwise  payable.  Subject to the terms of the
Plan,  an Election  may be changed,  modified or  terminated  by filing with the
Corporate  Secretary a "Notice of  Amendment or  Revocation  of Election" in the
form  prescribed by the Company,  appropriately  completed.  Any Election  shall
terminate  on the date a  Director  ceases  to be a  Director.  Any  "Notice  of
Election"  or "Notice of  Amendment  or  Revocation  of  Election"  shall become
irrevocable  when filed,  except by the filing of a new "Notice of  Election" or
"Notice of  Amendment  or  Revocation  of  Election"  which  thereafter  becomes
effective in accordance with the provisions of this Section IV.

         B. Current Stock Payment. Any Director desiring to make a Current Stock
Election  shall  file  with the  Corporate  Secretary  a "Notice  of  Election",
appropriately completed. A Current Stock Election shall be effective on the date
on which the "Notice of Election" is filed.  Any Current  Stock  Election  shall
remain in effect for each  succeeding  Plan Year  unless and until the  Director
revokes  such  Election  by filing a  "Notice  of  Amendment  or  Revocation  of
Election"  with  the  Corporate  Secretary,  appropriately  completed.  Any such
revocation shall become  effective for the Plan Year  immediately  following the
Plan Year in which such revocation is duly filed.

         During the period  that a Current  Stock  Election  is  effective,  all
Director  Fees payable shall be paid by the issuance to the Director of a number
of whole shares of Common Stock equal to the  Director  Fees payable  divided by
the  Fair  Market  Value of a share of  Common  Stock on the date on which  such
Director  Fees are payable (as  provided in Section XII  hereof).  Any amount of
Director Fees which is not paid in Common Stock because it is less than the Fair
Market Value of a whole share shall be accumulated in cash without  interest and
added to the  amount  used in  computing  the  number of shares of Common  Stock
issuable to the Director on the next  succeeding date on which Director Fees are
payable under the Current Stock Election. Any such accumulated fractional amount
remaining  as of the  effective  date  of any  termination  of a  Current  Stock
Election or of the termination of the Plan shall be paid to the Director in cash
on the next  succeeding  date on which  Director Fees would have been payable to
the Director under the Current Stock Election.



                                        3
<PAGE>

         The Company  shall issue share  certificates  to the  Director  for the
shares of Common Stock acquired or, if requested in writing by the Director, the
shares  acquired  shall be added to the  Director's  account under the Company's
Dividend  Reinvestment  Plan.  As of the date on  which  the  Director  Fees are
payable in shares of Common Stock,  the Director  shall be a shareholder  of the
Company with respect to such shares.

         C. Deferred Cash Payment. Any Director desiring to make a Deferred Cash
Election shall, no later than December 31 of the Plan Year immediately preceding
the Plan Year for which such Deferred Cash Election is to become effective, file
with the Corporate Secretary a "Notice of Election", appropriately completed. In
the case of a person who is elected or appointed as a Director and who was not a
Director on the preceding  December  31st,  such Deferred Cash Election shall be
made prior to the commencement of his term of office.  For 1997, a Deferred Cash
Election  shall be made prior to January 1, 1997.  Any  Deferred  Cash  Election
shall  remain in effect  for each  succeeding  Plan  Year  unless  and until the
Director amends or revokes such Election by filing with the Corporate  Secretary
a "Notice of Amendment or Revocation of Election",  appropriately completed. Any
such  amendment  or  revocation   shall  become  effective  for  the  Plan  Year
immediately  following  the Plan Year in which such  amendment or  revocation is
duly filed, and shall remain effective until similarly changed.

         D. Deferred  Stock  Payment.  Any Director  desiring to make a Deferred
Stock  Election  shall,  no later than December 31 of the Plan Year  immediately
preceding  the Plan Year for which such  Deferred  Stock  Election  is to become
effective,   file  with  the   Corporate   Secretary  a  "Notice  of  Election",
appropriately  completed. In the case of a person who is elected or appointed as
a Director  and who was not a Director  on the  preceding  December  31st,  such
Deferred Stock Election shall be made prior to the  commencement  of his term of
office.  For 1997, a Deferred  Stock  Election shall be made prior to January 1,
1997. Any Deferred  Stock  Election  shall remain in effect for each  succeeding
Plan Year unless and until the Director revokes such Election by filing with the
Corporate   Secretary  a  "Notice  of  Amendment  or  Revocation  of  Election",
appropriately completed. Any such revocation shall become effective for the Plan
Year immediately following the Plan Year in which such revocation is duly filed.


                 SECTION V - DEFERRED CASH COMPENSATION ACCOUNT
                 ----------------------------------------------

         A. General. The amount of any Director Fees deferred in accordance with
a Cash  Deferral  Election  shall be  credited to a Deferred  Cash  Compensation
Account in the name of the Director on the date on which such  Director Fees are
otherwise payable.



                                        4
<PAGE>

         B.  Interest.  On each  Interest  Crediting  Date,  each  Deferred Cash
Compensation  Account shall be credited with additional amounts in the nature of
interest.  The rate of interest that will accrue with respect to a Deferred Cash
Compensation  Account  for a given Plan Year will be equal to the rate of return
realized by the Mandatory Deferral Accounts  ("Mandatory  Deferral Accounts") of
the National Penn  Bancshares,  Inc.  Executive  Incentive Plan (the  "Executive
Incentive  Plan") during the three-month  period ended within such Plan Quarter.
Interest on amounts in Deferred Cash  Compensation  Accounts  shall accrue daily
and shall be determined by reference to a 365/366-day year;  provided,  however,
that no deferred  Director Fee shall commence  accruing interest until the first
day of the Plan Quarter  immediately  following  the Plan Quarter in which it is
earned.

         Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  the  preceding  paragraph,  if  a
Deferred Cash Compensation Account is completely liquidated on a date other than
an Interest  Crediting Date,  interest shall be credited to such Account,  as of
the date of its  liquidation,  for the period since the last Interest  Crediting
Date.  The interest rate to be used shall be the rate of return  realized by the
Mandatory  Deferral Accounts during the three-month period ended within the last
preceding Plan Quarter.

         Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to the  contrary,  the  Compensation
Committee  may  vary  the  method  of  calculating  interest  on  Deferred  Cash
Compensation  Account balances if the Executive  Incentive Plan is terminated or
amended to materially  alter the present  nature of  calculation  of interest on
Mandatory  Deferral Accounts.  The decision of the Compensation  Committee as to
the use of a  substituted  method  of  calculating  interest  shall be final and
binding on all affected Directors.


                      SECTION VI - DISTRIBUTION OF DEFERRED
                      -------------------------------------
                       CASH COMPENSATION ACCOUNT BALANCES
                       ----------------------------------

         A. General.  No distribution from a Deferred Cash Compensation  Account
shall be made or commence  prior to the  occurrence of the event selected by the
Director in his Deferred Cash Election as  occasioning  such  distribution.  The
actual date on which distribution will be made or commence will be determined by
the Compensation  Committee;  provided,  however, that such date may be no later
than December 31 of the Plan Year in which such event occurs.

         Distributions from Deferred Cash Compensation Accounts may be made in a
lump sum or in  annual  installments  over a period  of five or ten  years.  The
amount of any annual  installment shall be calculated by dividing the balance in
a Director's  Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account at the relevant  time by the
number of  installments  remaining to be paid. The actual method of


                                        5
<PAGE>

distribution  from a  Director's  Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account  will be
determined  by the  method  of  distribution  selected  by the  Director  in his
Deferred Cash Election.  The balance of the Deferred Cash  Compensation  Account
shall be  appropriately  reduced on the date of payment to the  Director  or the
Director's  designated  beneficiary  to reflect the  installment  payments  made
hereunder.  Amounts held pending distribution  pursuant to this Section VI shall
continue to be credited  with  interest on a  quarterly  basis as  described  in
Section V hereof.

         Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to the  contrary,  if an  individual
becomes a proprietor, officer, partner, employee or otherwise becomes affiliated
with any business or  governmental  agency which is in  competition  with or has
regulatory  authority  over  the  Company  or  a  Subsidiary,  the  Compensation
Committee  shall  be  entitled,  in  its  sole  discretion,   to  terminate  his
participation  in the Plan and direct  that  distribution  be made to him in one
lump sum at that time.

         Once  made,  an  election  as to  the  event  which  shall  occasion  a
distribution  and  an  election  as to  the  method  of  distribution  shall  be
irrevocable,  unless the Compensation Committee consents in writing to a change.
In no event  shall  such  consent  be  granted  with  respect to a request by an
individual  after the  occurrence of the event  selected by him as occasioning a
distribution.

         B.  Beneficiary  Designation.  A  Director  may  designate  one or more
persons to receive the balance in his Deferred Cash Compensation  Account in the
event of his  death  prior to  receipt  of the  total  amount  therein.  No such
designation  will be  valid  unless  made on a  "Beneficiary  Designation"  form
prescribed  by the  Company,  and  duly and  timely  filed  with  the  Corporate
Secretary.  A Director may at any time,  and from time to time,  revoke or amend
such designation by duly and timely filing a new "Beneficiary  Designation" form
with  the  Corporate   Secretary.   If  a  Director  dies  without  a  completed
"Beneficiary  Designation"  form on file with the Corporate  Secretary,  payment
will be made to his estate. All distributions made as a result of death shall be
paid in lump sums.


                SECTION VII - DEFERRED STOCK COMPENSATION ACCOUNT
                -------------------------------------------------

         A. General. The amount of any Director Fees deferred in accordance with
a Stock Deferral  Election  shall be credited to a Deferred  Stock  Compensation
Account in the name of the  Director.  On each date on which  Director  Fees are
payable  to  Directors  for whom Stock  Deferral  Elections  are in effect,  the
Director's  Deferred Stock Compensation  Account shall be credited with a number
of shares of Common Stock  (including  fractional  shares) equal to the Director
Fees payable divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock, on the
date on which such  Director  Fees are  payable  (as  provided  in  Section  XII
hereof).  If a dividend or


                                        6
<PAGE>

distribution  is paid on the Common Stock in cash or property  other than Common
Stock,  then, on the date of payment of the dividend or  distribution to holders
of the Common Stock, each Deferred Stock Compensation  Account shall be credited
with the number of shares of Common Stock (including fractional shares) equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock  credited to such Account on the date fixed
for  determining  the   shareholders   entitled  to  receive  such  dividend  or
distribution  times the amount of the dividend or distribution paid per share of
Common Stock  divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the
date on  which  the  dividend  or  distribution  is  paid.  If the  dividend  or
distribution  is paid in property,  the amount of the  dividend or  distribution
shall  equal  the fair  market  value of the  property  on the date on which the
dividend or distribution is paid. The Deferred Stock  Compensation  Account of a
Director shall be charged on the date of distribution  with any  distribution of
shares of Common  Stock  made to the  Director  from such  Account  pursuant  to
Section VIII.A. hereof.

         B.  Adjustment and  Substitution.  The number of shares of Common Stock
credited to each Deferred Stock Compensation  Account,  and the number of shares
of Common Stock  available for issuance or crediting under the Plan in each Plan
Year in accordance with Section II hereof, shall be proportionately  adjusted to
reflect any  dividend or other  distribution  on the  outstanding  Common  Stock
payable  in  shares  of  Common  Stock  or any  split  or  consolidation  of the
outstanding  shares of Common Stock. If the  outstanding  Common Stock shall, in
whole or in part,  be changed  into or  exchangeable  for a  different  class or
classes of securities of the Company or securities of another company or cash or
property   other   than   Common   Stock,   whether   through    reorganization,
reclassification,  recapitalization,  merger,  consolidation  or otherwise,  the
Board of Directors shall adopt such amendments to the Plan as it deems necessary
to carry out the purposes of the Plan,  including the continuing deferral of any
amount of any Deferred Stock Compensation Account.


                     SECTION VIII - DISTRIBUTION OF DEFERRED
                     ---------------------------------------
                       STOCK COMPENSATION ACCOUNT BALANCES
                       -----------------------------------

         A. General. No distribution from a Deferred Stock Compensation  Account
shall be made or commence  prior to the  occurrence of the event selected by the
Director in his Deferred Stock Election as occasioning  such  distribution.  The
actual date on which distribution will be made or commence will be determined by
the Compensation  Committee;  provided,  however, that such date may be no later
than December 31 of the Plan Year in which such event occurs.

         Distributions of Common Stock from Deferred Stock Compensation Accounts
may be made in a lump sum or in annual installments over a period of five or ten
years.  The  number  of  shares  of  Common


                                        7
<PAGE>

Stock distributed in any annual  installment shall be calculated by dividing the
balance in a Director's Deferred Stock Compensation Account at the relevant time
by the  number  of  installments  remaining  to be paid.  The  actual  method of
distribution  from a  Director's  Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account will be
determined  by the  method  of  distribution  selected  by the  Director  in his
Deferred Stock Election.

         The  balance  of the number of shares of Common  Stock in the  Deferred
Stock  Compensation  Account  shall be  appropriately  reduced  to  reflect  the
installment  payments  made  hereunder.  Shares of Common  Stock  remaining in a
Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account  pending  distribution  pursuant  to this
Section shall continue to be credited with respect to dividends or distributions
paid on the Common Stock  pursuant to Section VII hereof and shall be subject to
adjustment or substitution pursuant to Section VII hereof. If a lump sum payment
or the final  installment  payment  hereunder  would result in the issuance of a
fractional share of Common Stock,  such fractional share shall not be issued and
cash in lieu of such fractional share shall be paid to the Director based on the
Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date  immediately  preceding
the date of such payment.

         The Company  shall issue share  certificates  to the  Director,  or the
Director's  designated  beneficiary,  for the shares of Common Stock distributed
hereunder,  or if  requested  in  writing  by the  Director,  the  shares  to be
distributed  shall  be added  to the  Director's  account  under  the  Company's
Dividend  Reinvestment Plan. As of the date on which the Director is entitled to
receive  payment of shares of Common Stock,  the Director shall be a shareholder
of the Company with respect to such shares.

         Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to the  contrary,  if an  individual
becomes a proprietor, officer, partner, employee or otherwise becomes affiliated
with any business or  governmental  agency which is in  competition  with or has
regulatory  authority  over  the  Company  or  a  Subsidiary,  the  Compensation
Committee  shall  be  entitled,  in  its  sole  discretion,   to  terminate  his
participation  in the Plan and direct  that  distribution  of the balance of his
Deferred Stock Compensation Account be made to him in one lump sum at that time.

         Once  made,  an  election  as to  the  event  which  shall  occasion  a
distribution  and  an  election  as to  the  method  of  distribution  shall  be
irrevocable,  unless the Compensation Committee consents in writing to a change.
In no event  shall  such  consent  be  granted  with  respect to a request by an
individual  after the  occurrence of the event  selected by him as occasioning a
distribution.

         B.  Beneficiary  Designation.  A  Director  may  designate  one or more
persons to receive the balance in his Deferred Stock Compensation Account in the
event of his  death  prior to  receipt  of


                                       8
<PAGE>

the total amount  therein.  No such  designation  will be valid unless made on a
"Beneficiary  Designation"  form prescribed by the Company,  and duly and timely
filed with the Corporate Secretary. A Director may at any time, and from time to
time,  revoke  or  amend  such  designation  by duly  and  timely  filing  a new
"Beneficiary  Designation" form with the Corporate Secretary. If a Director dies
without a completed  "Beneficiary  Designation"  form on file with the Corporate
Secretary,  payment  will be made to his  estate.  All  distributions  made as a
result of death shall be paid in lump sums.


                    SECTION IX - NON-ALIENABILITY OF BENEFITS
                    -----------------------------------------

         Neither the Director  nor any  beneficiary  designated  by the Director
shall have the right,  directly or indirectly,  to alienate,  assign,  transfer,
pledge, anticipate or encumber (except by reason of death) any amount that is or
may be payable hereunder,  nor shall any such amount be subject to anticipation,
alienation,  sale,  assignment,  transfer,  pledge,  encumbrance,  attachment or
garnishment  by  creditors  of  the  Director  or  the   Director's   designated
beneficiary or to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any
Director or the Director's designated  beneficiary,  or transfer by operation of
law in the event of bankruptcy  or insolvency of the Director or the  Director's
designated beneficiary, or any legal process.


                     SECTION X - NATURE OF DEFERRED ACCOUNTS
                     ---------------------------------------

         Any Deferred Cash Compensation  Account or Deferred Stock  Compensation
Account shall be established and maintained only on the books and records of the
Company or the applicable  Subsidiary,  and no assets or funds of the Company, a
Subsidiary  or the Plan or shares  of Common  Stock  shall be  removed  from the
claims of the  Company's  or a  Subsidiary's  general or judgment  creditors  or
otherwise made available until such amounts are actually payable to Directors or
their designated  beneficiaries as provided herein.  The Plan constitutes a mere
promise by the  Company or the  applicable  Subsidiary  to make  payments in the
future. The Directors and their designated  beneficiaries  shall have the status
of,  and their  rights to  receive a payment  of cash or shares of Common  Stock
under  the Plan  shall be no  greater  than the  rights  of,  general  unsecured
creditors  of the  Company  or the  applicable  Subsidiary.  No person  shall be
entitled  to any voting  rights  with  respect to shares  credited to a Deferred
Stock  Compensation  Account and not yet payable to a Director or the Director's
designated beneficiary.  The Company and the Subsidiaries shall not be obligated
under any circumstances to fund their respective financial obligations under the
Plan and the Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for Federal  income
tax purposes.


                                       9
<PAGE>

              SECTION XI - PLAN ADMINISTRATION; HARDSHIP WITHDRAWAL
              -----------------------------------------------------

         The Compensation  Committee shall,  with respect to the Plan, have full
power and authority to construe,  interpret, manage, control and administer this
Plan, and to pass and decide upon cases in conformity with the objectives of the
Plan  under  such  rules  as the  Board of  Directors  and/or  the  Compensation
Committee may establish.

         If the  Compensation  Committee  deems any person entitled to receive a
distribution  incapable of receiving  or  disbursing  the same by reason of age,
illness or any infirmity or incapacity of any kind, payment may be made directly
for the  comfort,  support  and  maintenance  of such  person  or to any  person
selected by the Compensation Committee to disburse the same, whose receipt shall
be a complete acquittance therefor.

         Notwithstanding  the  terms  of a Cash  Deferral  Election  or a  Stock
Deferral Election made by a Director hereunder,  the Compensation Committee may,
in its sole discretion,  permit the withdrawal of amounts credited to a Deferred
Cash Compensation Account or of shares credited to a Deferred Stock Compensation
Account with respect to Director Fees previously payable,  upon the request of a
Director  or  the  Director's  representative,  if  the  Compensation  Committee
determines that the Director or the Director's  representative,  as the case may
be,  is  confronted  with an  unforeseeable  emergency.  For  this  purpose,  an
unforeseeable emergency is an unanticipated emergency caused by an event that is
beyond the control of the  Director or the  Director's  representative  and that
would result in severe  financial  hardship to the Director if an early hardship
withdrawal  were not permitted.  The Director or the  Director's  representative
shall provide to the  Compensation  Committee such evidence as the  Compensation
Committee,  in its  discretion,  may require to demonstrate  that such emergency
exists and financial  hardship would occur if the withdrawal were not permitted.
The withdrawal shall be limited to the amount or to the number of shares, as the
case may be,  necessary  to meet the  emergency.  For  purposes  of the Plan,  a
hardship shall be considered to constitute an immediate and unforseen  financial
hardship if the  Director  has an  unexpected  need for cash to pay for expenses
incurred by him or a member of his immediate  family  (spouse  and/or natural or
adopted  children) such as those arising from illness,  casualty loss, or death.
Cash needs arising from foreseeable  events, such as the purchase or building of
a house or  education  expenses  will not be  considered  to be the result of an
unforeseeable financial emergency.  Payment shall be made as soon as practicable
after the Compensation  Committee approves the payment and determines the amount
of the payment or number of shares  which shall be  withdrawn,  in a single lump
sum. No Director shall participate in any decision of the Compensation Committee
regarding such Director's request for a withdrawal under this Section XI.


                                       10
<PAGE>

                 SECTION XII - PAYMENT DATES; FAIR MARKET VALUE
                 ----------------------------------------------

         Director Fees payable currently in cash or to be credited to a Deferred
Cash Compensation Account shall be paid or credited, as the case may be, on such
dates as the Company's or the Subsidiary's  management shall determine,  but not
less  frequently  than June 30 and December 31 of each Plan Year.  Director Fees
payable  currently  in shares of Common  Stock or to be  credited  to a Deferred
Stock  Compensation  Account  shall be paid or credited,  as the case may be, on
June 30 and December 31 of each Plan Year,  in each case  covering the six-month
period ending on such date.

         "Fair Market Value" of a share of Common Stock on a given date shall be
determined  (i) based on the  average of the  closing  sale prices of a share of
Common Stock for the ten (10) day trading  period  ending on the given date,  as
reported on the National  Association of Securities Dealers Automated  Quotation
("Nasdaq") National Market and published in The Wall Street Journal,  (ii) if no
closing sale prices are reported during such ten (10) day trading period,  based
on the average of the mean of the bid and asked prices per share of Common Stock
for such ten (10) day trading period, as reported on Nasdaq, (iii) if the Common
Stock is listed on a stock  exchange,  based on the average of the closing  sale
prices of a share of Common Stock for the ten (10) day trading  period ending on
the given date,  as reported in The Wall Street  Journal,  or (iv) if the Common
Stock is not listed on Nasdaq or on a stock exchange,  by the Board of Directors
in its sole discretion.


               SECTION XIII - SECURITIES LAWS; ISSUANCE OF SHARES
               --------------------------------------------------

         The obligation of the Company to issue or credit shares of Common Stock
under the Plan  shall be  subject  to (i) the  effectiveness  of a  registration
statement  under the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  with respect to such
shares, if deemed necessary or appropriate by counsel for the Company,  (ii) the
condition that the shares shall have been listed (or authorized for listing upon
official  notice of  issuance)  upon Nasdaq or each stock  exchange,  if any, on
which  the  shares  of  Common  Stock  may then be  listed  and  (iii) all other
applicable laws, regulations,  rules and orders which may then be in effect. If,
on the date on which any shares of Common  Stock  would be issued  pursuant to a
Current Stock  Election or credited to a Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account,
sufficient  shares  of  Common  Stock  are not  available  under the Plan or the
Company is not obligated to issue shares  pursuant to this Section XIII, then no
shares of Common Stock shall be issued or credited, but rather, in the case of a
Current  Stock  Election,  cash shall be paid in payment  of the  Director  Fees
payable, and in the case of a Deferred Stock Compensation Account, Director Fees
and dividends which would otherwise have been credited in shares of Common Stock
shall be credited in cash to a Deferred Cash


                                       11
<PAGE>

Compensation  Account in the name of the Director.  The  Compensation  Committee
shall adopt  appropriate  rules and  regulations  to carry out the intent of the
immediately  preceding  sentence  if the  need for such  rules  and  regulations
arises.


                            SECTION XIV - AMENDMENT,
                            ------------------------
                     MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION
                     ---------------------------------------

         The Company  reserves the right, by and through the Board of Directors,
to  amend,  suspend  or  terminate  all or any  part of the  Plan  at any  time;
provided,  that no such  amendment,  suspension or termination  shall  adversely
affect the amounts or shares then  credited to any  Deferred  Cash  Compensation
Account  or to  any  Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account.  If  this  Plan  is
terminated,  distributions  may be made at such  time and in such  manner as the
Board of Directors  determines,  regardless of the prior provisions of this Plan
and any elections made hereunder.  The  Compensation  Committee will give prompt
written notice to each Director of any amendment,  suspension or termination, or
any material modification of the Plan.


                      SECTION XV - GOVERNING LAW; PRONOUNS
                      ------------------------------------

         Except to the extent  pre-empted by Federal law, the  provisions of the
Plan shall be  construed,  administered  and  enforced  in  accordance  with the
domestic  internal law (but not the law of conflicts of law) of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Each masculine, feminine or neuter pronoun used herein shall be
deemed a reference to each other gender, as the content requires.


                    SECTION XVI - RESTATEMENT; EFFECTIVE DATE
                    -----------------------------------------

         The Plan is an amendment  and  restatement  of the  Company's  Deferred
Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, originally adopted by the Board of
Directors effective January 1, 1995.

         The amended and restated  Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors on
December  18, 1996 and approved by the  shareholders  of the Company at its 1997
Annual Meeting. The amended and restated Plan is effective as of January 1, 1997
and shall continue in effect for a term through December 31, 2006, unless sooner
terminated  under  Section  XIV.  The Plan was  further  amended by the Board of
Directors on December 18, 2002.


                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
