<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>agreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
                                    AGREEMENT
                                    ---------


         THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of February 10, 2003 ("Agreement"), is made by
and among NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES,  INC., a Pennsylvania  business  corporation
("Seller"),  PANASIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  a national banking association
("Panasia")  and  WOORI  AMERICA  BANK,  a  New  York  state-chartered   banking
institution ("Buyer").


                                   BACKGROUND
                                   ----------

         1. Seller owns directly all of the issued and  outstanding  shares (the
"Shares") of capital stock of Panasia  Bank,  National  Association,  a national
banking association with its head office located in Fort Lee, New Jersey.

         2. Seller desires to sell,  and Buyer desires to purchase,  the Shares,
for  the  consideration  and on the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in this
Agreement.

         3. Immediately after Closing of the purchase of the Shares,  Buyer will
cause Panasia to merge with and into Buyer, with Buyer surviving such merger, in
accordance with the Plan of Merger attached hereto as Exhibit A.


                                    AGREEMENT
                                    ---------

         NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  premises  and of the mutual
covenants,  agreements,  representations  and warranties herein  contained,  and
other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged,  the parties hereto,  intending to be legally bound hereby,
agree as follows:



                                    ARTICLE I
                                    ---------

                                     GENERAL
                                     -------

         1.01 Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the indicated  meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

         Action  means any legal  action,  administrative,  arbitration,  audit,
hearing,  investigation,  proceeding,  litigation, claim or suit (whether civil,
criminal,   administrative,   investigative  or

                                       1
<PAGE>

informal)  commenced,  brought,  conducted  or heard by or before,  or otherwise
involving, any governmental body or arbitrator.

         Affiliate  means,  with  respect to any  corporation,  any person  that
directly,  or indirectly  through one or more  intermediaries,  controls,  or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such  corporation  and,  without
limiting  the  generality  of the  foregoing,  includes any  executive  officer,
director or 10% equity owner of such corporation.

         Agreement  means  this  Agreement  and Plan of  Merger,  including  any
amendment or supplement, exhibit, or schedule attached hereto.

         Application  means an  application  for  regulatory  approval  which is
required by law in order to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

         BHCo Act means the Bank  Holding  Company Act of 1956 or any  successor
law, and regulations and rules issued pursuant to that Act or any successor law.

         Buyer means Woori  America  Bank,  a New York  state-chartered  banking
institution.

         Buyer Disclosure Schedule means, collectively, the disclosure schedules
delivered by Buyer to Seller at or prior to the  execution  and delivery of this
Agreement.

         CRA means the Community  Reinvestment Act of 1977 or any successor law,
and regulations and rules issued pursuant to that Act or any successor law.

         Closing  has the  meaning  given to such term in  Section  2.03 of this
Agreement.

         Closing  Date  means  the date on which  the last  condition  precedent
provided  in  this  Agreement  (other  than  those  conditions  which  are to be
fulfilled  at  the  Closing)  has  been  fulfilled  or  waived,  or as  soon  as
practicable thereafter.

         Confidentiality  Agreement  means the  confidentiality  agreement dated
December 10, 2002,  between  Woori  Financial  Group,  an Affiliate of Buyer and
Sandler O'Neill & Partners, L.P., as agent for Seller.

         Contemplated Transactions means all of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including (a) the sale of the Shares by Seller to Buyer; (b) the
performance by Seller and Buyer of their  respective  covenants and  obligations
under this  Agreement;  (c) Buyer's  acquisition and ownership of the Shares and
exercise of control  over  Panasia;  and (d) the merger of Panasia

                                       2

<PAGE>

with and into Buyer with Buyer surviving as a New York  state-chartered  banking
institution.

         Damages has the meaning given to such term in Sections 8.02 and 8.03 of
this Agreement.

         ERISA means the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974,  as
amended, or any successor law, and regulations and rules issued pursuant to that
Act or any successor law.

         Environmental  Law  means any  federal,  state or local  law,  statute,
ordinance,  rule, regulation,  code, license, permit,  authorization,  approval,
consent,  order, judgment,  decree,  injunction or agreement with any Regulatory
Authority relating to:

         (a) the  protection,  preservation  or restoration of the  environment,
including,  without limitation,  air, water vapor,  surface water,  groundwater,
drinking water supply,  surface soil,  subsurface soil, plant and animal life or
any other natural resource; and/or

         (b) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation,
processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of any substance
presently  listed,  defined,  designated  or  classified  as  hazardous,  toxic,
radioactive  or  dangerous,  or  otherwise  regulated,  whether  by  type  or by
quantity, including any material containing any such substance as a component.

         Exchange Act means the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
any successor law, and  regulations and rules issued pursuant to that Act or any
successor law.

         Expense Reimbursement Fee has the meaning given to that term in Section
7.02(b) and 7.02(c) of this Agreement.

         FDIC means the Federal Deposit  Insurance  Corporation or any successor
governmental body.

         FRB means the Federal Reserve Board or any successor governmental body.

         GAAP  means  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in the United
States of  America,  applied on a basis  consistent  with the basis on which the
audited  consolidated  financial  statements  included in the Panasia  Financial
Statements were prepared.

         Indemnified Party has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.11(a)
of this Agreement.

         Intellectual  Property  Rights  has the  meaning  given to such term in
Section 3.23(a) of this Agreement.

                                       3

<PAGE>

         IRC  means  the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as  amended,  or any
successor  law,  and  regulations  issued by the IRS  pursuant  to the  Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor law.

         IRS means the United States  Internal  Revenue Service or any successor
agency,  and,  to the extent  relevant,  the  United  States  Department  of the
Treasury.

         KDIC means the Korea  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  or any successor
Republic of Korea governmental body.

         Knowledge  means (a) an  individual  is actually  aware of a particular
fact or other matter; or (b) a prudent  individual could be expected to discover
or  otherwise  become  aware  of such  fact or other  matter  in the  course  of
conducting a reasonably comprehensive  investigation concerning the existence of
such fact or other matter.

         Knowledge  of Buyer  means the  Knowledge  of  executive  officers  and
directors (or persons serving in any similar capacity)of Buyer and Woori Bank.

         Knowledge  of Seller  means the  Knowledge  of  executive  officers and
directors of Seller or Panasia.

         Korean Regulatory Authority means any agency, department or unit of any
Republic  of  Korea  governmental  body or of any  self-regulatory  organization
located in the Republic of Korea,  including without limitation the KDIC and the
staff thereof.

         Leased  Real  Property  has the  meaning  given to such term in Section
3.10(a) of this Agreement.

         Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on:

         (a) the  business,  condition  (financial or  otherwise),  liabilities,
properties,  assets, insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, prospects or results
of  operations  of  Panasia  or Buyer,  excluding,  in each  case,  any  change,
circumstance or effect relating to:

                  (i) changes in laws and regulations or interpretations thereof
by Regulatory  Authorities or Korean Regulatory Authorities generally applicable
to financial  institutions  and their holding  companies  (including  changes in
insurance  deposit  assessment  rates  and  special   assessments  with  respect
thereto),

                  (ii)  changes  in GAAP  or  regulatory  accounting  principles
generally applicable to financial institutions and their holding companies,

                                       4

<PAGE>

                  (iii)  actions  or  omissions  of  Seller,  Panasia  or any of
Seller's other  Subsidiaries taken with the prior written consent of Buyer or as
otherwise permitted by this Agreement,

                  (iv) the direct  effects  of the  negotiation,  execution  and
performance  of  this  Agreement  or  the   consummation  of  the   Contemplated
Transactions  on the operating  performance  of the parties,  including fees and
expenses of attorneys,  accountants and investment bankers engaged in connection
with Seller's  decision to sell  Panasia,  this  Agreement and the  Contemplated
Transactions,

                  (v) changes in interest rates generally,

                  (vi) changes in the economy or financial markets in general,

                  (vii) changes in the financial  industry and not  specifically
related to Panasia or Buyer,

                  (viii)  changes in the  political  climate in the  Republic of
Korea; or

         (b) the  ability of any party to  perform  its  obligations  under this
Agreement or to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

         Merger  means the merger of  Panasia  with and into  Buyer,  with Buyer
surviving such merger,  in accordance with the Plan of Merger attached hereto as
Exhibit A.

         NYBD  means  the  Banking  Department  of the  State of New York or any
successor governmental body.

         OCC  means  the  Office  of  the  Comptroller  of the  Currency  or any
successor governmental body.

         PBGC means the Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation or any successor
governmental body.

         Panasia means,  collectively,  Panasia Bank,  National  Association,  a
national  banking  association  with its head  office  located in Fort Lee,  New
Jersey, and Panasia IC, taken as a whole.

         Panasia Benefit Plan menas each of the plans, programs and arrangements
listed on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.13(b).

         Panasia  Capital  Stock has the  meaning  given to such term in Section
3.02(a) of this Agreement.

                                       5

<PAGE>

         Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule  means,   collectively,   the  disclosure
schedules delivered by Seller to Buyer at or prior to the execution and delivery
of this Agreement.

         Panasia  ERISA  Affiliate  means any other entity that,  together  with
Panasia,  is treated as a single employer under IRC Section 414(b),  (c), (m) or
(o).

         Panasia Financial Statements means (a) the audited consolidated balance
sheets, statements of operations,  statements of changes in stockholders' equity
and statements of cash flows of Panasia as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for
each of the two  years  in the  period  ended  December  31,  2001  prepared  in
accordance  with GAAP;  and (b) the  unaudited  interim  consolidated  financial
statements  (consisting of a report of income and related schedules and a report
of condition  and related  schedules)  of Panasia  prepared in  accordance  with
applicable regulatory  requirements for each calendar quarter after December 31,
2001,  as set forth in the  Reports of  Condition  and Income - FFIEC 041 ("Call
Reports") filed by Panasia pursuant to 12 U.S.C. Section 161.

         Panasia IC means  Panasia  Investment  Company,  a New Jersey  business
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Panasia.

         Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, trust or other business entity or organization, including,
without  limitations,  a governmental  or political  subdivision or an agency or
instrumentality thereof.

         Plan of Merger means the Plan of Merger attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         Purchase  Price has the meaning  given to such term in Section  2.02 of
this Agreement.

         Reasonable  Best  Efforts  means  prompt,  substantial  and  persistent
efforts as a prudent Person  desirous of achieving a result would use in similar
circumstances.

         Regulatory  Agreement  has the  meaning  given to that term in Sections
3.12 and 4.06 of this Agreement.

         Regulatory Authority means any agency, department or unit of any United
States  federal,  state or  local  governmental  body or of any  self-regulatory
organization  located in the United  States,  including  without  limitation the
FDIC, the FRB, the OCC, and the NYBD, and the respective staffs thereof.

         Rights means  warrants,  options,  rights,  convertible  securities and
other  capital  stock   equivalents  which  obligate  an  entity  to  issue  its
securities.

                                       6

<PAGE>

         Securities  Act means the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  or any
successor  law, and  regulations  and rules  issued  pursuant to that Act or any
successor law.

         Seller means National Penn  Bancshares,  Inc., a Pennsylvania  business
corporation.

         Service Agreement has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.08 of
this Agreement.

         Shares  means all of the  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  Panasia
Capital Stock.

         Straddle Period means any taxable year or period beginning on or before
and ending after the Closing Date.

         Subsidiary means any  corporation,  50% or more of the capital stock of
which is owned,  either directly or indirectly,  by another  entity,  except any
corporation  the stock of which is held in the  ordinary  course of the  lending
activities of a bank.

         Tax (or, collectively,  Taxes) means: (i) any federal,  state, local or
foreign net income,  gross income, gross receipts,  windfall profit,  severance,
property,  production,  sales,  use,  license,  excise,  franchise,  employment,
payroll,  withholding,  alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem,  value-added,
transfer,  stamp, or environmental  tax (including taxes under IRC Section 59A),
or any other tax,  custom,  duty,  governmental  fee or other like assessment or
charge of any kind whatsoever,  together with any interest or penalty,  addition
to tax or additional amount imposed by any governmental authority;  and (ii) any
liability  of Panasia for the payment of amounts  with  respect to payments of a
type  described  in clause  (i) as a result of being a member of an  affiliated,
consolidated,  combined or unitary  group,  or as a result of any  obligation of
Panasia under any Tax indemnity agreement.

         Woori Bank means Woori Bank, a Korean banking institution with its head
office located in Seoul,  Korea.  Woori Bank owns directly all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of Buyer.


                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

                      SALE AND TRANSFER OF SHARES; CLOSING
                      ------------------------------------

         2.01 The Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
at the Closing,  Seller will sell and  transfer  the Shares to Buyer,  and Buyer
will purchase the Shares from Seller.

                                       7

<PAGE>

         2.02 Purchase Price. The purchase price (the "Purchase  Price") for the
Shares  will  be  Thirty  Four  Million  Five  Hundred   Thousand  Dollars  U.S.
($34,500,000.00), payable on the Closing Date, as provided in Section 2.04(b).

         2.03  Closing.  The purchase and sale (the  "Closing")  provided for in
this  Agreement  will take  place at the main  office of Seller at  Reading  and
Philadelphia Avenues, Boyertown, Pennsylvania 19512 U.S.A., at 10:00 a.m. (local
time) on the Closing  Date or at such other date,  time and place as the parties
may agree.  Subject to the provisions of Article VII,  failure to consummate the
purchase and sale provided for in this Agreement on the date and time and at the
place  determined  pursuant  to  this  Section  2.03  will  not  result  in  the
termination  of this  Agreement and will not relieve any party of any obligation
under this Agreement.

         2.04  Closing Obligations.  At the Closing:

         (a) Seller will deliver to Buyer:

                  (i) Certificates  representing  the Shares,  duly endorsed (or
accompanied  by duly executed  stock powers),  with  signatures  guaranteed by a
commercial bank or by a member firm of the New York Stock Exchange, for transfer
to Buyer; and

                  (ii) All documents required to be delivered by Seller pursuant
to Section 6.02 of this Agreement.

         (b) Buyer will deliver to Seller:

                  (i)  Payment  of  the  Purchase  Price  by  wire  transfer  of
immediately available funds to the account specified in writing by Seller; and

                  (ii) All documents  required to be delivered by Buyer pursuant
to Section 6.01 of this Agreement.


                                   ARTICLE III
                                   -----------

              REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER AND PANASIA
              ----------------------------------------------------

         Seller  and  Panasia  each  hereby  represent  and  warrant to Buyer as
follows:

         3.01  Organization.

         (a) Seller is a corporation duly incorporated, organized and subsisting
under the laws of the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania.

                                       8

<PAGE>

Seller is a bank holding company duly registered  under the BHCo Act. Seller has
the  corporate  power to carry on its  businesses  and  operations  as now being
conducted and to own and operate the  properties  and assets now owned and being
operated by it, including Panasia.

         (b)  Panasia is a  national  banking  association  duly  organized  and
validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the United  States of
America. Panasia has the corporate power to carry on its business and operations
as now being  conducted  and to own and  operate its  properties  and assets now
owned  and  being  operated  by it.  Panasia  is duly  licensed,  registered  or
qualified  to do  business  in each  jurisdiction  in which  the  nature  of the
business  conducted  by it or the  character or location of the  properties  and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing, registration or qualification
necessary,  except where the failure to be so licensed,  registered or qualified
will not have a Material  Adverse Effect,  and all such licenses,  registrations
and qualifications are in full force and effect in all material respects.

         (c) Panasia IC is a corporation duly incorporated,  organized,  validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New Jersey. Panasia
IC has the  corporate  power to carry on its  businesses  and  operations as now
being  conducted and to own and operate the  properties and assets now owned and
being operated by it.

         (d) The deposits of Panasia are insured by the Bank  Insurance  Fund or
the Savings Association Insurance Fund of the FDIC to the extent provided in the
Federal Deposit  Insurance Act and Panasia has paid all premiums and assessments
with respect to such deposit insurance.

         (e) Panasia has no Subsidiaries other than Panasia IC.

         (f) The minute books of Panasia and Panasia IC  accurately  record,  in
all  material  respects,  all  material  corporate  actions  of  its  respective
shareholders  and  board of  directors,  including  committees,  in each case in
accordance  with  normal  business  practices  of  Panasia  and  Panasia  IC, as
applicable.

         (g)  Seller  has  delivered  to Buyer  true and  correct  copies of the
articles of association and bylaws of Panasia and the articles of  incorporation
and bylaws of Panasia  IC,  which are,  in each case,  in full force and effect.
Panasia is not in  violation  of its articles of  association  or bylaws,  as in
effect on the date  hereof.  Panasia IC is not in  violation  of its articles of
incorporation or bylaws, as in effect on the date hereof.

         3.02  Capitalization.

                                       9

<PAGE>

         (a)  The  authorized  capital  stock  of  Panasia  consists  solely  of
1,000,000  shares of common stock,  par value $5.00 per share ("Panasia  Capital
Stock"),  of which at the date  hereof  40,000  shares  are  validly  issued and
outstanding,  fully paid and  nonassessable,  and free of preemptive rights, and
none are held as treasury shares. Panasia has not issued nor is Panasia bound by
any subscription, option, warrant, call, commitment, agreement or other Right of
any  character  relating to the  purchase,  sale,  or  issuance  of, or right to
receive dividends or other distributions on, any shares of Panasia Capital Stock
or any other  security of Panasia or any  securities  representing  the right to
vote,  purchase or otherwise  receive any shares of Panasia Capital Stock or any
other security of Panasia,  except as described in Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule
3.02(a) and as contemplated in this Agreement.

         (b) Seller owns of record and  beneficially all of the capital stock of
Panasia, and Panasia owns of record and beneficially all of the capital stock of
Panasia IC, free and clear of any liens, security interests,  pledges,  charges,
encumbrances,  agreements  and  restrictions  of any kind or nature.  Except for
Panasia IC,  Panasia  does not  possess,  directly or  indirectly,  any material
equity interest in any corporation.

         3.03  Authority; No Violation.

         (a) Each of Seller and Panasia has full  corporate  power and authority
to  execute,   deliver  and  perform  this   Agreement  and  to  consummate  the
Contemplated Transactions applicable to it.

         (b) The execution and delivery of this  Agreement by Seller and Panasia
and the consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions  applicable to it or them
have been duly and  validly  approved by the Boards of  Directors  of Seller and
Panasia and no other corporate  proceedings on the part of Seller or Panasia are
necessary to consummate the Contemplated Transactions applicable to it or them.

         (c) This Agreement has been duly and validly  executed and delivered by
Seller  and  Panasia  and,  subject  to receipt  of the  required  approvals  of
Regulatory  Authorities described in Section 4.03 hereof,  constitutes the valid
and binding  obligation of Seller and Panasia,  enforceable  against  Seller and
Panasia  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  subject  to  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency and similar laws affecting  creditors'  rights generally and subject,
as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

         (d) (i) The  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement  by Seller and
Panasia,  (ii) subject to receipt of approvals from the  Regulatory  Authorities
referred  to  in  Section  4.03  hereof  and

                                       10

<PAGE>

Seller's,  Panasia's  and  Buyer's  compliance  with  any  conditions  contained
therein, the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, and (iii) compliance
by Seller and Panasia  with any of the terms or  provisions  hereof,  do not and
will not:

                  (A)  conflict  with or result in a breach of any  provision of
the  articles  of  incorporation  or bylaws of  Seller or any  provision  of the
articles of association or bylaws of Panasia;

                  (B) violate any statute,  rule, regulation,  judgment,  order,
injunction, writ, decree or injunction applicable to Seller or Panasia or any of
their respective properties or assets; or

                  (C)  violate,  conflict  with,  result  in  a  breach  of  any
provisions of,  constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of
time, or both, would constitute a default) under,  result in the termination of,
or  acceleration  of,  the  performance  required  by,  or  result in a right of
termination  or  acceleration  or the creation of any lien,  security  interest,
charge or other  encumbrance  upon any of the  properties or assets of Seller or
Panasia  under  any of the terms or  conditions  of any  note,  bond,  mortgage,
indenture,  license,  lease,  agreement,   commitment  or  other  instrument  or
obligation  to which Seller or Panasia is a party,  or by which it or any of its
properties or assets may be bound or affected;

excluding  from clauses (B) and (C) hereof,  any items which,  in the aggregate,
would  not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect  or which  are  listed  on  Panasia
Disclosure Schedule 3.03.

         3.04 Consents and Approvals. No consents or approvals of, or filings or
registrations with, any Regulatory  Authority are necessary,  and no consents or
approvals  of any third  parties  are  necessary  except as set forth on Panasia
Disclosure  Schedule 3.04, in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Seller or Panasia, or, subject to the consents,  approvals, filings
and registrations from or with the Regulatory Authorities referred to in Section
4.03  hereof  and  compliance  with  any  conditions   contained  therein,   the
consummation by Seller and Panasia of the Contemplated  Transactions  applicable
to it or them.

         3.05  Financial Statements.

         (a) Seller has  delivered  to Buyer the Panasia  Financial  Statements,
except for the interim  financial  statements  pertaining  to quarterly  periods
commencing  after  December 31,  2002,  which it will deliver to Buyer within 45
days after the end of the respective quarter.  The Panasia Financial  Statements
were  prepared  on the basis of the books and  records  of  Panasia  and  fairly
present  (and in the case of the interim  financial

                                       11

<PAGE>

statements to be delivered  after the date hereof,  will fairly  present) in all
material respects,  the consolidated  financial position,  results of operations
and cash flows of Panasia as of and for the periods  ended on the dates  thereof
in accordance with GAAP, and, in the case of the interim  financial  statements,
subject to normal recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which would not,
individually  or in the  aggregate,  have a  Material  Adverse  Effect)  and the
absence of notes (that,  if presented,  would not differ  materially  from those
included in the audited  consolidated  financial  statements  as of December 31,
2001).

         (b) To the Knowledge of Seller,  Panasia did not, as of the date of the
balance  sheets  referred to below,  have any  liabilities or obligations of any
nature, whether absolute,  accrued, contingent or otherwise, which are not fully
reflected  or  reserved  against in the balance  sheets  included in the Panasia
Financial  Statements  at the date of such balance  sheets which would have been
required to be  reflected  therein in  accordance  with GAAP or  disclosed  in a
footnote thereto,  except for liabilities and obligations which were incurred in
the ordinary course of business  consistent  with past practice,  and except for
liabilities  and  obligations  which are within the subject matter of a specific
representation and warranty herein or which otherwise have not had, or could not
reasonably be expected to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a Material
Adverse Effect.

         3.06 No Material  Adverse Change.  Panasia has not suffered any adverse
change in its assets,  business,  financial  condition or results of  operations
since December 31, 2001 which change has had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

         3.07  Taxes.

         (a) Panasia is a member of the same affiliated group within the meaning
of IRC Section 1504(a) of which Seller is a common parent.  Panasia has filed or
caused to be filed,  and will file or cause to be filed,  all material  federal,
state and local tax returns  required to be filed by or with respect to Panasia,
either  separately  or as a result of  Panasia  being a member of an  affiliated
group of  corporations,  on or prior to the Closing  Date,  except to the extent
that any failure to file (or to cause to file), or any  inaccuracies  would not,
individually or in the aggregate,  have a Material  Adverse Effect.  Panasia has
paid or will pay,  or made or will  make,  provisions  for the  payment  of, all
federal, state and local Taxes which are shown on such returns to be due for the
periods  covered  thereby  from  Panasia  (including,  without  limitation,  any
obligations  to contribute to the payment of a Tax  determined on an affiliated,
consolidated,  combined  or  unitary  basis  with  respect  to  any  affiliated,
consolidated,  combined or unitary group) to any applicable taxing authority, on
or prior to the Closing Date other than taxes which:

                                       12

<PAGE>

                  (i) are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith,

                  (ii) have not been finally determined, or

                  (iii) the  failure  to pay would not,  individually  or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (b) No consent  pursuant to IRC Section 341(f) has been filed,  or will
be filed prior to the Closing Date, by or with respect to any property or assets
held, acquired or to be acquired by Panasia.

         (c) To the Knowledge of Seller, there are no material disputes pending,
or claims asserted in writing,  for Taxes or assessments  upon Panasia,  nor has
Panasia  been  requested  in writing  to give any  currently  effective  waivers
extending the statutory period of limitation  applicable to any federal,  state,
county or local income tax return for any period.

         (d) Proper and accurate  amounts have been withheld by Panasia from its
employees for all prior periods in compliance in all material  respects with the
Tax withholding  provisions of applicable federal,  state and local laws, except
where  failure  to do so is not  reasonably  likely to have a  Material  Adverse
Effect.

         3.08  Contracts.

         (a) Except as described in Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.08(a) or 3.13
and as  previously  disclosed  by Seller to Buyer,  Panasia is not a party to or
subject to:

                  (i)      any      employment,      consulting,      severance,
"change-in-control," retention bonus or termination contract or arrangement with
any officer, director, employee,  independent contractor, agent or other person,
except for "at will" arrangements;

                  (ii) any plan,  arrangement or contract providing for bonuses,
pensions, options, deferred compensation, retirement payments, profit sharing or
similar arrangements for or with any officer,  director,  employee,  independent
contractor, agent or other person;

                  (iii) any collective bargaining agreement with any labor union
relating to employees;

                  (iv) any  agreement  which by its terms  limits the payment of
dividends by Panasia;

                                       13

<PAGE>

                  (v) except in the ordinary  course of  business,  any material
instrument  evidencing or related to indebtedness  for borrowed  money,  whether
directly or indirectly,  by way of purchase money obligation,  conditional sale,
lease purchase, guaranty or otherwise, in respect of which Panasia is an obligor
to any person and which  contains  financial  covenants  or other  restrictions,
other than those  relating to the payment of principal  and  interest  when due,
which would be applicable on or after the Closing Date;

                  (vi) any contract, other than this Agreement,  which restricts
or  prohibits  it from  engaging  in any  type  of  business  permissible  under
applicable law;

                  (vii) any contract,  plan or  arrangement  which  provides for
payments  or  benefits  in  certain  circumstances  which,  together  with other
payments or benefits payable to any participant therein or party thereto,  might
render any portion of any such payments or benefits  subject to  disallowance of
deduction therefor as a result of the application of Section 280G of the IRC;

                  (viii)  except in the ordinary  course of business,  any lease
for real property;

                  (ix) any contract or  arrangement  with any  broker-dealer  or
investment adviser;

                  (x) any  investment  advisory  contract  with  any  investment
company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940;

                  (xi) any contract or  arrangement  with, or membership in, any
local clearing house or self-regulatory organization; or

                  (xii) any contract or  commitment  which creates an obligation
on the part of Panasia in excess of $25,000.

         (b) (i) All the contracts,  plans,  arrangements and instruments listed
in Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.08(a) are in full force and effect on the date
hereof,  and neither Panasia nor, to the Knowledge of Seller, any other party to
any such contract,  plan, arrangement or instrument,  has breached any provision
of, or is in default under any term of, any such contract,  plan, arrangement or
instrument  the  breach of which or  default  under  which  will have a Material
Adverse Effect, and, except as disclosed on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.08(a),
no party to any such contract,  plan,  arrangement  or instrument  will have the
right to  terminate  any or all of the  provisions  thereof  as a result  of the
Contemplated Transactions, the termination of which will have a Material Adverse
Effect.

                  (ii)  Except as  otherwise  described  in  Panasia  Disclosure
Schedule 3.08(a) or 3.13, no plan, employment  agreement,  termination agreement

                                       14

<PAGE>

or similar  agreement  or  arrangement  to which  Panasia is a party or by which
Panasia may be bound:

                  (A)  contains  provisions  which  permit  an  employee  or  an
independent  contractor  to  terminate  it without  cause and continue to accrue
future benefits thereunder;

                  (B)  provides  for  acceleration  in the  vesting of  benefits
thereunder  upon the occurrence of a change in ownership or control or merger or
other acquisition of Panasia; or

                  (C)  requires  Panasia  to  provide a  benefit  in the form of
Panasia Capital Stock or determined by reference to the value of Panasia Capital
Stock.

         (c) Except as set forth on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.08(c), Panasia
has fulfilled and performed in all material  respects its obligations under each
of the contracts listed in Panasia  Disclosure  Schedules  3.08(a) and 3.13, and
Panasia is not in default, nor is it alleged in writing to be in default,  under
any of the contracts listed in Panasia Disclosure Schedules 3.08(a) and 3.13.

         (d) Panasia has previously delivered complete and correct copies of all
of the  contracts  listed in Panasia  Disclosure  Schedules  3.08(a) and 3.13 to
Buyer.

         3.09  Ownership of Property; Insurance Coverage.

         (a) Panasia has, and will have as to property  acquired  after the date
hereof, good, and as to real property,  marketable, title to all material assets
and  properties  owned  by  Panasia,  whether  real  or  personal,  tangible  or
intangible, including securities, assets and properties reflected in the balance
sheets  contained in the Panasia  Financial  Statements  or acquired  subsequent
thereto  (except to the extent that such securities are held in any fiduciary or
agency  capacity and except to the extent that such assets and  properties  have
been  disposed of for fair value,  in the ordinary  course of business,  or have
been disposed of as obsolete since the date of such balance sheets),  subject to
no encumbrances, liens, mortgages, security interests or pledges, except:

                  (i) those items that secure liabilities for borrowed money and
that are described in Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule  3.09(a) or permitted  under
Article V hereof;

                  (ii)  statutory  liens for amounts not yet delinquent or which
are being contested in good faith;

                                       15

<PAGE>

                  (iii) liens for current taxes not yet due and payable;

                  (iv) pledges to secure  deposits  and other liens  incurred in
the ordinary course of banking business;

                  (v) such  imperfections of title,  easements and encumbrances,
if any, as are not material in character, amount or extent; and

                  (vi) dispositions and encumbrances for adequate  consideration
in the ordinary course of business.

Panasia has the right under leases of material properties used by Panasia in the
conduct of its  business to occupy and use all such  properties  in all material
respects as presently occupied and used by it.

         (b) Panasia does not have any agreements  pursuant to which Panasia has
purchased securities subject to an agreement to resell.

         (c) Panasia maintains  insurance in amounts  considered by Seller to be
reasonable for Panasia's operations. Seller has made available to Buyer true and
correct copies of all such policies.  Except as disclosed on Panasia  Disclosure
Schedule  3.09(c),  neither Seller nor Panasia has received  written notice from
any insurance carrier that:

                  (i)  such   insurance  will  be  cancelled  or  that  coverage
thereunder will be reduced or eliminated; or

                  (ii)  premium  costs with  respect to such  insurance  will be
substantially increased;

except to the extent such cancellation, reduction, elimination or increase would
not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (d) Panasia  maintains  such  fidelity  bonds and errors and  omissions
insurance as may be customary or required under applicable laws or regulations.

         (e) If an  event,  accident  or  occurrence  takes  place  prior to the
Closing Date in connection with the operation of Panasia's  business and results
in a loss of a type which is or may be  covered  under its  insurance  policies,
Panasia shall report such claim to its insurance  carrier in accordance with the
requirements  of its  insurance  policies,  and  shall use its  reasonable  best
efforts to obtain  coverage  for such  claims in  accordance  with the terms and
conditions thereof.

                                       16

<PAGE>

         3.10  Real Property.

         (a) Panasia does not own any real  property,  other than real  property
acquired in foreclosure or by deed taken in lieu thereof in the ordinary  course
of business.

         (b) A list of the locations of each parcel of real  property  leased by
Panasia is set forth in Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule  3.10(b) (the "Leased Real
Property").

         (c) Except as set forth on Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.10(c),  there
is no pending dispute involving Panasia as to its right to use any of the Leased
Real Property.

         3.11 Legal Proceedings. Panasia is not a party to any, and there are no
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened Actions, customer complaints,
or governmental inquiries of any nature:

         (a) against Panasia;

         (b) to which the assets of Panasia are subject;

         (c)  challenging  the validity or propriety of any of the  Contemplated
Transactions; or

         (d) which could  materially  adversely  affect the ability of Seller or
Panasia to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement;

except  for  any  Actions  referred  to  in  clauses  (a),  (b)  or  (c)  which,
individually  or in the aggregate,  would not have a Material  Adverse Effect or
which are described on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.11.

         3.12  Compliance with Applicable Law.

         (a) Panasia holds all licenses,  franchises, permits and authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of its business under,  and has complied in all
material respects with, applicable laws, statutes,  orders, rules or regulations
of any  Regulatory  Authority  relating to it or its business,  other than where
such failure to hold or such  noncompliance  will neither result in a limitation
in any  material  respect on the conduct of its business  nor  otherwise  have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         (b)  Panasia  has  filed all  reports,  registrations  and  statements,
together with any amendments  required to be made with respect thereto,  that it
was  required  to file with any  Regulatory  Authority,  and has filed all other
reports and statements  required to be filed by it, including without limitation
any report or

                                       17

<PAGE>

statement required to be filed pursuant to the laws, rules or regulations of the
United States, any state or any Regulatory Authority,  and has paid all fees and
assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where the failure to
file such report, registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments,
either  individually  or in the  aggregate,  would not have a  Material  Adverse
Effect.

         (c) No  Regulatory  Authority  has  initiated  any  Action  or,  to the
Knowledge of Seller,  investigation  into the business or operations of Panasia,
except where any such Actions or investigations will not, individually or in the
aggregate,  have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or
such Actions or investigations have been terminated or otherwise resolved.

         (d)  Neither  Seller nor  Panasia  has  received  any  notification  or
communication from any Regulatory Authority:

                  (i) asserting  that Panasia is not in  substantial  compliance
with any of the  statutes,  regulations  or  ordinances  which  such  Regulatory
Authority  enforces,  unless  such  assertion  has  been  waived,  withdrawn  or
otherwise resolved;

                  (ii) threatening to revoke any license,  franchise,  permit or
governmental authorization which is material to Panasia;

                  (iii)  requiring  or  threatening  to  require   Panasia,   or
indicating that Panasia may be required, to enter into a cease and desist order,
agreement or memorandum of understanding  or any other agreement  restricting or
limiting,  or purporting to restrict or limit,  in any manner the  operations of
Panasia; or

                  (iv)  directing,  restricting  or limiting,  or  purporting to
direct,  restrict or limit,  in any manner the  operations  of Panasia (any such
notice, communication, memorandum, agreement or order described in this sentence
herein referred to as a "Regulatory Agreement");

in each case except as heretofore disclosed to Buyer.

         (e)  Panasia  has not  received,  consented  to,  or  entered  into any
Regulatory Agreement, except as heretofore disclosed to Buyer.

         (f) Except as  heretofore  disclosed to Buyer,  there is no  unresolved
violation,  criticism,  or exception by any Regulatory Authority with respect to
any  Regulatory  Agreement  which,  if resolved in a manner  adverse to Panasia,
would have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (g) There is no injunction,  order,  judgment or decree imposed,  or to

                                       18

<PAGE>

the Knowledge of Seller threatened,  upon Panasia or the assets of Panasia which
has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

         3.13  ERISA.

         (a) Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.13(a) sets forth the list of (i) each
material  employee  benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA Section  3(3),  and
(ii) each other material profit sharing,  stock purchase,  stock option,  equity
compensation,  annual incentive or other material employee benefit plan, program
or  arrangement  that is not subject to ERISA that Seller  sponsors and in which
employees of Panasia or former  employees,  including  retired employees and any
beneficiaries  thereof,  or directors or former  directors of Panasia  currently
participate or are eligible to  participate.  Seller has delivered to Buyer true
and complete copies of each item listed on such Disclosure Schedule.

         (b) Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.13(b) sets forth the list of (i) each
employee  benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA Section  3(3),  and (ii) each
other profit sharing, stock purchase, stock option, equity compensation,  annual
incentive or other material  employee benefit plan,  program or arrangement that
is not  subject  to ERISA  that  Panasia  sponsors  and in which its  employees,
including retired employees and any beneficiaries  thereof,  or its directors or
former directors  currently  participate or are eligible to participate.  Seller
has  delivered  to Buyer true and  complete  copies of each item  listed on such
Disclosure  Schedule.  There is no  existing,  or, to the  Knowledge  of Seller,
contemplated audit of any plan listed on Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.13(b) by
the IRS,  the U.S.  Department  of  Labor,  the PBGC or any  other  governmental
authority,  and there are no pending or threatened claims (other than claims for
benefits made in the ordinary course) with respect to any such plan.

         (c) Neither  Panasia nor any Panasia  ERISA  Affiliate,  and no pension
plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(2))  maintained or contributed to by
Panasia or any Panasia ERISA Affiliate,  has incurred or is reasonably  expected
to incur (i) an  accumulated  funding  deficiency  under Section 302 of ERISA or
Section 412 of the IRC or under Title IV of ERISA or (ii) any  liability  to the
PBGC, except liabilities  pursuant to ERISA Section 4007, all of which have been
fully paid.  No reportable  event under ERISA  Section  4043(b) (with respect to
which the 30 day notice  requirement  has not been  waived)  has  occurred  with
respect to any such pension plan.

         (d)  Neither   Panasia  nor  any  Panasia  ERISA   Affiliate  has  ever
contributed   to  or  otherwise   incurred  any  liability  with  respect  to  a
multi-employer plan (within the meaning of ERISA Section 3(37)).

                                       19

<PAGE>

         3.14 Brokers and Finders.  Neither Seller nor Panasia, nor any of their
respective officers,  directors,  employees,  independent contractors or agents,
has employed any broker,  finder,  investment  banker or financial  advisor,  or
incurred  any  liability  for any fees or  commissions  to any such  person,  in
connection  with the  Contemplated  Transactions,  except for Sandler  O'Neill &
Partners, L.P.

         3.15  Environmental Matters.

         (a) Except as set forth on Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule  3.15,  to the
Knowledge  of Seller,  neither  Panasia  nor any  property  owned or operated by
Panasia has been or is in violation of or liable  under any  Environmental  Law,
except  for  such  violations  or  liabilities  that,  individually  or  in  the
aggregate,  would not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  Except as set forth on
Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule 3.15,  there are no Actions or notices,  including
without limitation notices,  demand letters or requests for information from any
Regulatory  Authority,  instituted  or pending,  or to the  Knowledge of Seller,
threatened,  or any investigation pending,  relating to the liability of Panasia
with  respect  to  any  property   owned  or  operated  by  Panasia   under  any
Environmental  Law,  except as to any such actions or other  matters which would
not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

         (b)  Except  as set  forth on  Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule  3.15,  no
property, now or formerly owned or operated by Panasia or on which Panasia holds
or held a mortgage or other security  interest or has foreclosed or taken a deed
in lieu of foreclosure,  has been listed or proposed for listing on the National
Priority List under the Comprehensive  Environmental  Response  Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), on the Comprehensive Environmental
Response  Compensation and Liabilities  Information System, or any similar state
list, or which is the subject of federal,  state or local enforcement actions or
other  investigations  which may lead to claims  against  Panasia  for  response
costs, remedial work, investigation, damage to natural resources or for personal
injury or property  damage  claim,  including,  but not limited to, claims under
CERCLA, which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

         3.16  Business of Panasia.  Since December 31, 2002, Panasia has not:

         (a)  increased  the  wages,  salaries,  compensation,  pension or other
employee benefits payable to any executive officer, employee or director, except
as permitted in Section 5.01(d), in any material respect;

         (b) eliminated employee benefits, in any material respect;

                                       20

<PAGE>

         (c) deferred  routine  maintenance of real property or leased premises,
in any material respect;

         (d)  declared  or made,  or agreed to declare or make,  any  payment of
dividends or  distributions  to Seller or  purchased  or redeemed,  or agreed to
purchase or redeem, any Panasia Capital Stock;

         (e) undertaken or committed to undertake capital expenditures exceeding
$50,000 for any single project or related series of projects; or

         (f) entered into or became  committed to enter into any other  material
transaction except in the ordinary course of business.

         3.17  CRA  Compliance.  Panasia  is  in  compliance,  in  all  material
respects, with the applicable provisions of the CRA, and, as of the date hereof,
Panasia has received a CRA rating of  "satisfactory"  or better from the OCC. To
the  Knowledge of Seller,  there is no fact or  circumstance  or set of facts or
circumstances  which would cause Panasia to fail to comply with such  provisions
in a manner which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

         3.18 Information to be Supplied. The information supplied by Seller and
Panasia for inclusion in the  Applications  will, at the time each such document
is filed with any Regulatory  Authority and up to and including the dates of any
required regulatory  approvals or consents,  as such Applications may be amended
by subsequent filings, be accurate in all material respects.

         3.19  Related Party Transactions.

         (a) Except as set forth on Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule 3.19, or as is
disclosed in the footnotes to the Panasia Financial  Statements,  as of the date
hereof,  Panasia is not a party to any transaction  (including any loan or other
credit  accommodation but excluding deposits in the ordinary course of business)
with  any  Affiliate  of  Panasia,  and  all  such  transactions  were  made  on
substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral,  as those
prevailing  at the time for  comparable  transactions  with other  "persons" (as
defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), except with respect to variations
in such terms as would not,  individually  or in the aggregate,  have a Material
Adverse  Effect.  Any and all  transactions  between  Panasia and its Affiliates
comply with the requirements of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act.

         (b) Except as set forth in Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.19, as of the

                                       21

<PAGE>

date  hereof,  no loan or credit  accommodation  to any  Affiliate of Panasia is
presently in default.  To the  Knowledge of Seller,  as of the date hereof,  the
loan  grade  classification  accorded  such  loan  or  credit  accommodation  is
appropriate.

         3.20  Allowance  for Loan Losses.  The allowance for loan losses shown,
and to be shown,  on the  balance  sheets  contained  in the  Panasia  Financial
Statements  have been, and will be,  established in accordance with GAAP and all
applicable regulatory criteria.

         3.21 Loans.  All loans  reflected  as assets in the  Panasia  Financial
Statements are evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness
which are true,  genuine and  correct,  and to the extent  reflected  as secured
therein,  are  secured by valid  liens and  security  interests  which have been
perfected,  excluding  loans as to which the  failure to satisfy  the  foregoing
standards would not have,  individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse
Effect.

         3.22  Securities  Portfolio  and  Investments.  Except as  disclosed on
Panasia Disclosure  Schedule 3.22, all securities owned by Panasia or Panasia IC
(whether  owned of record  or  beneficially)  are  held,  as of the date of this
Agreement, free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges,  encumbrances or any
other  restrictions  or rights  of any  other  Person,  whether  contractual  or
statutory, which would materially impair the ability of Panasia or Panasia IC to
dispose  freely of any such  securities  or otherwise to realize the benefits of
ownership thereof at any time. There are no voting trusts or other agreements or
undertakings  to which  Panasia or  Panasia  IC is a party  with  respect to the
voting of any such  securities.  Except for fluctuations in the market values of
its investment securities, since December 31, 2002 there has been no significant
deterioration  or  material  adverse  change  in the  quality,  or any  material
decrease in the value, of Panasia's securities portfolio as a whole.

         3.23  Intellectual Property.

         (a) Panasia owns or is validly  licensed or otherwise  has the right to
use all patents, patent rights and applications,  trademarks,  trademark rights,
trade  secrets,  trade names,  service marks,  copyrights and other  proprietary
intellectual  property rights  (including  without  limitation any  intellectual
property  rights  for  which  applications  have  been  filed  and are  pending)
(collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights"), in each case, which are material
to the conduct of its business. Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.23 contains a list
of all patents,  patent rights and applications,  trademarks,  trademark rights,
trade names, and service marks included in such Intellectual Property Rights.

                                       22

<PAGE>

         (b) To the  Knowledge  of  Seller,  Panasia  has not  interfered  with,
infringed  upon,  misappropriated  or  otherwise  come  into  conflict  with any
Intellectual  Property  Rights  or other  proprietary  information  of any other
Person. To the Knowledge of Seller, Panasia has not received any written charge,
complaint, claim, demand or notice alleging any such interference,  infringement
or misappropriation or violation  (including any claim that Panasia must license
or refrain  from using any  Intellectual  Property  Rights or other  proprietary
information  of any other Person) which has not been settled or otherwise  fully
resolved.  To the  Knowledge  of Seller,  no other Person has  interfered  with,
infringed  upon, or  misappropriated,  violated or otherwise  come into conflict
with any  Intellectual  Property  Rights  or other  proprietary  information  of
Panasia.


                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
                     ---------------------------------------

         Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

         4.01  Organization.

         (a) Buyer is a banking  institution  duly  incorporated,  organized and
validly  existing and in good standing  under the laws of the State of New York.
Buyer has the  corporate  power to carry on its business and  operations  as now
being  conducted and to own and operate its  properties and assets now owned and
being  operated by it.  Buyer is duly  licensed,  registered  or qualified to do
business in each  jurisdiction in which the nature of the business  conducted by
it or the character or location of the  properties and assets owned or leased by
it makes such licensing,  registration or qualification necessary,  except where
the failure to be so licensed,  registered or qualified will not have a Material
Adverse Effect,  and all such licenses,  registrations and qualifications are in
full force and effect in all material respects.

         (b) The deposits of Buyer are insured by the Bank Insurance Fund or the
Savings  Association  Insurance  Fund of the FDIC to the extent  provided in the
Federal  Deposit  Insurance Act and Buyer has paid all premiums and  assessments
with respect to such deposit insurance.

         (c)  Buyer  has no  Subsidiaries  other  than as  identified  in  Buyer
Disclosure Schedule 4.01(c).

         4.02  Authority; No Violation.

                                       23

<PAGE>

         (a) Buyer has full  corporate  power and authority to execute,  deliver
and perform this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

         (b) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  by Buyer,  and the
consummation  by Buyer of the  Contemplated  Transactions,  have  been  duly and
validly  approved  by the Board of  Directors  of Buyer  and no other  corporate
proceedings  on the part of Buyer are necessary to consummate  the  Contemplated
Transactions.

         (c) This Agreement has been duly and validly  executed and delivered by
Buyer  and,  subject  to  receipt  of  the  required   approvals  of  Regulatory
Authorities described in Section 4.03 hereof,  constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of Buyer,  enforceable  against  Buyer in accordance  with its terms,
subject  to  applicable  bankruptcy,   insolvency  and  similar  laws  affecting
creditors'  rights  generally  and  subject,  as to  enforceability,  to general
principles of equity.

         (d) (i) The  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by Buyer,  (ii)
subject to receipt of approvals from the Regulatory  Authorities  referred to in
Section 4.03 hereof and  compliance  by the parties  hereto with any  conditions
contained therein, the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions,  and (iii)
compliance by Buyer with any of the terms or provisions  hereof, do not and will
not:

                  (A)  conflict  with or result in a breach of any  provision of
the respective  articles of incorporation,  articles of association or bylaws of
Buyer;

                  (B) violate any statute,  rule, regulation,  judgment,  order,
writ, decree or injunction  applicable to Buyer or any of Buyer's  properties or
assets; or

                  (C)  violate,  conflict  with,  result  in  a  breach  of  any
provisions of,  constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of
time, or both, would constitute a default) under,  result in the termination of,
or  acceleration  of,  the  performance  required  by,  or  result in a right of
termination  or  acceleration  or the creation of any lien,  security  interest,
charge or other  encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of Buyer under
any of the terms or conditions of any note, bond, mortgage,  indenture, license,
lease, agreement, commitment or other instrument or obligation to which Buyer is
a party, or by which Buyer or its properties or assets may be bound or affected;

excluding from clauses (B) and (C) any such items which, in the aggregate, would
not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         4.03  Consents and Approvals.

                                       24

<PAGE>

         (a)  Except  for  approvals  of the FDIC,  FRB and  certain  state bank
regulatory agencies, including the NYBD, no consents or approvals of, or filings
or registrations with, any Regulatory  Authority are necessary,  and no consents
or  approvals  of any  third  parties  are  necessary,  in  connection  with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer or the  consummation  by Buyer
of the  Contemplated  Transactions.  There is no fact or  circumstance or set of
facts or circumstances  which would cause, or be likely to cause, any Regulatory
Authority to fail to approve the Contemplated Transactions.

         (b) Except as set forth in Section 5.03 or on Buyer Disclosure Schedule
4.03, no consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations  with, any Korean
Regulatory Authority are necessary in connection with the execution and delivery
of this  Agreement  by Buyer or the  consummation  by Buyer of the  Contemplated
Transactions,  including  without  limitation the capital  contribution to Buyer
required by Section 5.05 of this Agreement.

         4.04 Cash for Closing.  At the Closing Date,  Buyer will have available
cash  sufficient to pay the Purchase Price to Seller,  upon  consummation of the
Contemplated Transactions.

         4.05 Legal  Proceedings.  Buyer is not a party to any, and there are no
pending or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened Actions,  customer complaints,
or governmental inquiries of any nature:

         (a) against Buyer;

         (b) to which the assets of Buyer are subject;

         (c)  challenging  the validity or propriety of any of the  Contemplated
Transactions; or

         (d) which could  materially  adversely  affect the ability of Buyer, to
perform its obligations under this Agreement;

except  for  any  Actions  referred  to  in  clauses  (a),  (b)  or  (c)  which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

         4.06  Compliance with Applicable Law.

         (a) Buyer holds all licenses,  franchises,  permits and  authorizations
necessary for the lawful conduct of its business under,  and has complied in all
material respects with, applicable laws, statutes,  orders, rules or regulations
of any  Regulatory  Authority  relating to it or its business,  other than where
such

                                       25

<PAGE>

failure to hold or such noncompliance will neither result in a limitation in any
material  respect on the conduct of its business nor  otherwise  have a Material
Adverse Effect or prevent Buyer from obtaining all regulatory approvals required
in order to consummate the Contemplated Transactions.

         (b) Buyer has filed all reports, registrations and statements, together
with any  amendments  required  to be made  with  respect  thereto,  that it was
required to file with any Regulatory Authority,  and has filed all other reports
and  statements  required to be filed by it,  including  without  limitation any
report  or  statement  required  to be  filed  pursuant  to the  laws,  rules or
regulations of the United States, any state or any Regulatory Authority, and has
paid all fees and  assessments due and payable in connection  therewith,  except
where the failure to file such report,  registration or statement or to pay such
fees and assessments,  either individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         (c) No  Regulatory  Authority  has  initiated  any  Action  or,  to the
Knowledge  of Buyer,  investigation  into the business or  operations  of Buyer,
except where any such Actions or investigations will not, individually or in the
aggregate,  have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or
such Actions or investigations have been terminated or otherwise resolved.

         (d) Buyer has not received any notification or  communication  from any
Regulatory Authority:

                  (i) asserting that Buyer is not in substantial compliance with
any of the statutes,  regulations or ordinances which such Regulatory  Authority
enforces,  unless  such  assertion  has  been  waived,  withdrawn  or  otherwise
resolved;

                  (ii) threatening to revoke any license,  franchise,  permit or
governmental authorization which is material to Buyer;

                  (iii) requiring or threatening to require Buyer, or indicating
that Buyer may be required, to enter into a cease and desist order, agreement or
memorandum of understanding or any other agreement  restricting or limiting,  or
purporting to restrict or limit, in any manner the operations of Buyer; or

                  (iv)  directing,  restricting  or limiting,  or  purporting to
direct,  restrict  or limit,  in any  manner the  operations  of Buyer (any such
notice, communication, memorandum, agreement or order described in this sentence
herein referred to as a "Regulatory Agreement");

in each case except as heretofore disclosed to Seller.

                                       26

<PAGE>

         (e)  Buyer  has  not  received,  consented  to,  or  entered  into  any
Regulatory Agreement except as heretofore disclosed to Seller.

         (f) Except as  heretofore  disclosed to Seller,  there is no unresolved
violation,  criticism,  or exception by any Regulatory Authority with respect to
any  Regulatory  Agreement  which if resolved in a manner adverse to Buyer would
have a Material Adverse Effect.

         (g) There is no  injunction,  order,  judgment or decree  imposed  upon
Buyer or the assets of Buyer which has had, or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, would
have, a Material Adverse Effect.

         4.07 CRA Compliance.  Buyer is in compliance, in all material respects,
with the applicable provisions of the CRA, and, as of the date hereof, Buyer has
received a CRA rating of  "satisfactory" or better from its primary Federal bank
Regulatory  Authority.   To  the  Knowledge  of  Buyer,  there  is  no  fact  or
circumstance or set of facts or circumstances which would cause Buyer to fail to
comply with such  provisions  in a manner  which  would have a Material  Adverse
Effect.

         4.08 Well-Capitalized  Status. Buyer is "well-capitalized"  (as defined
by the FDIC) as of December 31, 2002. To the Knowledge of the Buyer, Buyer would
be  "well-capitalized"  after  giving  pro  forma  effect  to  the  Contemplated
Transactions using the Panasia Financial Statements as of December 31, 2002.

         4.09 Well-Managed  Status.  Buyer is "well-managed"  (as defined by the
FDIC) as of December 31, 2002.

         4.10  Brokers  and  Finders.  Neither  Buyer  nor any of its  officers,
directors,  employees,  independent  contractors  or agents,  has  employed  any
broker,  finder,  investment  banker  or  financial  advisor,  or  incurred  any
liability for any fees or commissions to any such person, in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions, except for Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

         4.11 Information to be Supplied.  The information supplied by Buyer for
inclusion in the Applications will, at the time each such document is filed with
any  Regulatory  Authority  and up to and  including  the dates of any  required
regulatory  approvals  or  consents,  as such  Applications  may be  amended  by
subsequent filings, be accurate in all material respects.

         4.12  Investment  Intent.  Buyer is  acquiring  the  Shares for its own
account and not with a view to distribution  within the meaning of Section 2(11)
of the Securities Act.

                                       27

<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V
                                    ---------

                            COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES
                            ------------------------

         5.01 Conduct of Panasia's  Business.  Through the Closing Date, Panasia
shall,  in  all  material  respects,   conduct  its  businesses  and  engage  in
transactions  only in the ordinary  course and consistent with past practice and
prudent banking practices,  except as otherwise required or contemplated by this
Agreement or with the written consent of Buyer. Panasia shall use its reasonable
best  efforts to  preserve  its  business  organization  intact,  maintain  good
relationships with employees, and preserve the good will of customers of Panasia
and others with whom  business  relationships  exist.  Through the Closing Date,
except as otherwise  consented to in writing by Buyer (such consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld) or as permitted by this Agreement, Panasia shall not:

         (a) change any  provision  of its  articles  of  association  or of its
bylaws;

         (b) change the number of  authorized  or issued  shares of its  capital
stock;  repurchase  any shares of capital  stock;  or issue or grant any option,
warrant,  call,  commitment,  subscription,  Right or agreement of any character
relating to its authorized or issued capital stock or any securities convertible
into shares of capital  stock;  declare,  set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution  in respect of capital  stock;  or redeem or otherwise  acquire any
shares of Panasia capital stock;

         (c) grant any  severance or  termination  pay,  other than  pursuant to
policies or  agreements  of Panasia in effect on the date  hereof,  to, or enter
into or amend any  employment,  consulting,  severance,  "change-in-control"  or
termination  contract or  arrangement  with,  any officer,  director,  employee,
independent contractor, agent or other person associated with Panasia;

         (d)  increase  the rate of  compensation  of, or pay any bonus to,  any
director,  officer,  employee,  independent  contractor,  agent or other  person
associated with Panasia,  or grant job promotions  other than in accordance with
past practice, except for:

                  (i) routine  periodic pay  increases,  merit pay increases and
pay-raises in connection with promotions, all in accordance with past practice;

                  (ii) annual bonuses in the ordinary  course,  consistent  with
past  practice,  provided  that  such  bonuses  may be  calculated  based on the
performance of Panasia  without  giving effect to the costs and other  financial
impact of this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions; and

                                       28

<PAGE>

                  (iii)  retention   bonuses  on  account  of  the  Contemplated
Transactions as previously  disclosed by Seller to Buyer,  granted in good faith
reasonable amounts not to exceed $250,000 in the aggregate;

         (e) merge or consolidate with any other corporation;  sell or lease all
or any substantial portion of its assets or businesses;  make any acquisition of
all or any  substantial  portion of the business or assets of any other  person,
firm, association,  corporation or business organization;  enter into a purchase
and  assumption  transaction  with  respect to deposits,  loans or  liabilities;
relocate or surrender  its  certificate  of  authority  to maintain,  or file an
application for the relocation of, any existing office;  file an application for
a certificate of authority to establish a new office;

         (f) sell or otherwise dispose of any material asset,  other than in the
ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; subject any asset to
a lien,  pledge,  security  interest  or other  encumbrance,  other  than in the
ordinary  course  of  business  consistent  with  past  practice;  modify in any
material manner the manner in which it has heretofore  conducted its business or
enter into any new line of  business;  or incur any  indebtedness  for  borrowed
money, except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

         (g) take any action  which would  result in any of the  conditions  set
forth in Article VI hereof not being satisfied;

         (h) change any method,  practice or principle of accounting,  except as
required by changes in GAAP  concurred in by its  independent  certified  public
accountants;  or change any assumption underlying,  or any method of calculation
of, depreciation of any type of asset or establishment of any reserve;

         (i) waive,  release,  grant or transfer any rights of material value or
modify or change in any  material  respect any  existing  material  agreement to
which it is a party,  other than in the ordinary course of business,  consistent
with past practice;

         (j) implement any pension, retirement,  profit-sharing,  bonus, welfare
benefit or  similar  plan or  arrangement  that was not in effect on the date of
this Agreement,  or amend any existing plan or arrangement except as required by
law;

         (k) amend or  otherwise  modify  its  underwriting  and  other  lending
guidelines  and  policies in effect as of the date hereof or  otherwise  fail to
conduct its lending  activities  in the ordinary  course of business  consistent
with past practice;

                                       29

<PAGE>

         (l) enter into, renew,  extend or modify any other transaction with any
Affiliate,  other than deposit and loan  transactions  in the ordinary course of
business and which are in compliance  with the  requirements  of applicable laws
and regulations;

         (m)  enter  into  any  interest  rate  swap,  floor  or cap or  similar
commitment, agreement or arrangement;

         (n) take any  action  that would give rise to a right of payment to any
individual  under any  employment  agreement  except in the  ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice;

         (o) purchase any security for its  investment  portfolio (i) rated less
than "AAA" by either Standard & Poor's Corporation or Moody's Investor Services,
Inc., or (ii) with a remaining maturity more than five (5) years;

         (p) make any capital  expenditure  of $50,000 or more;  or undertake or
enter into any lease,  contract or other commitment for its account,  other than
in the ordinary  course of  business,  involving an  unbudgeted  expenditure  by
Panasia of more than  $50,000,  or extending  beyond twelve (12) months from the
date hereof;

         (q) change its  existing  loan  underwriting  guidelines,  policies  or
procedures except as may be required by law; or

         (r) agree to do any of the foregoing.

         5.02  Access; Confidentiality.

         (a) Through the Closing Date,  Seller and Panasia shall afford to Buyer
and its authorized  agents and  representatives,  reasonable access to Panasia's
business,  properties,  assets,  books and records and personnel,  at reasonable
hours and after reasonable  notice;  and Seller and Panasia shall furnish Buyer,
and its authorized agents and representatives, with such financial and operating
data and other  information  with  respect to  Panasia's  business,  properties,
assets,  books and records and personnel as Buyer or its  authorized  agents and
representatives, shall from time to time reasonably request.

         (b) Buyer agrees that it and its authorized agents and representatives,
will conduct such  investigation  and  discussions  hereunder in a  confidential
manner  and  otherwise  in a manner  so as not to  interfere  unreasonably  with
Panasia's  normal  operations and customer and employee  relationships.  Neither
Seller nor  Panasia  shall be  required  to provide  access to or  disclose  any
information  where such access or  disclosure  would  violate or  prejudice  the
rights of customers,  jeopardize  attorney-client privilege or

                                       30

<PAGE>

similar  privilege with respect to such information or contravene any law, rule,
regulation, decree, order, fiduciary duty or agreement entered into prior to the
date hereof.

         (c) All  information  furnished to Buyer or its  authorized  agents and
representatives, in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, whether prior
to the date of this Agreement or subsequent hereto,  shall be held in confidence
to  the  extent  required  by,  and  in  accordance  with,  the  Confidentiality
Agreement.

         5.03  Applications for Regulatory Approval.

         (a) Buyer shall use its reasonable best efforts to prepare and file, as
soon as  practicable,  all  Applications  required  by law with the  appropriate
Regulatory Authorities for approval to consummate the Contemplated  Transactions
and to comply with the terms and conditions thereof. All such Applications shall
be filed within  forty-five (45) days from the date of this Agreement.  All such
Applications shall include a commitment by Woori Bank or an Affiliate thereof to
make or cause to make the capital contribution to Buyer required by Section 5.05
of this Agreement.  Buyer agrees to process all such Applications diligently and
on a  priority  basis.  Seller and  Panasia  shall  cooperate  with Buyer in the
preparation of all such  Applications and as otherwise  reasonably  requested by
Buyer  in  order  for  Buyer  to be able to  comply  with  the  requirements  or
reasonable  requests of the  Regulatory  Authorities.  Buyer shall  consult with
Seller and Panasia with respect to the substance and status of such filings.

         (b) Buyer shall  promptly  furnish  Seller and  Panasia  with copies of
written  communications  to, or received by either of them from,  any Regulatory
Authority in respect of the Contemplated  Transactions,  except for confidential
operational or financial  information of Woori Bank or its shareholders  that is
not otherwise available to the public.

         (c) Except as previously  disclosed by Buyer to Seller,  on the date of
this  Agreement,  to the  Knowledge  of  Buyer,  there  is no  reason  why  such
Applications   should  not  receive  all   approvals   required  of   Regulatory
Authorities.

         (d) Buyer shall  immediately  notify Seller and Panasia upon receipt by
Buyer of any notification that any Application provided for under this Agreement
has not been accepted for processing or has been denied.

         5.04 Consents to Assignment of Contracts and Leases. Seller and Panasia
shall use their  reasonable best efforts to obtain all required  consents to the
assignment to Buyer of Panasia's  rights and obligations  under any contracts or
personal or real property

                                       31

<PAGE>

leases.  Buyer shall  cooperate with Seller and Panasia in connection with their
efforts.

         5.05  Capital Infusion; Guarantee.

         (a) On or before  the  Closing  Date,  Buyer will cause to be made from
Woori Bank or an Affiliate thereof, a cash capital contribution to Buyer in such
amount  as shall be  necessary  for  Buyer to remain  "well  capitalized"  after
consummation  of the  Contemplated  Transactions,  provided,  however,  that the
amount  of the cash  capital  contribution  shall be at  least  Fifteen  Million
Dollars  U.S.  ($15,000,000).  Buyer  will  provide or cause to be made a timely
written  notice of such  capital  contribution  to the  Ministry  of Finance and
Economy and Financial Supervisory Commission of the Republic of Korea.

         (b) On or about the date of this  Agreement,  Buyer  shall  cause Woori
Bank to enter into a guaranty agreement with Seller pursuant to which Woori Bank
shall agree to make the capital  contribution  to Buyer  provided for in Section
5.05(a),  above  and to file all  necessary  applications  with  the  regulatory
authorities  in the  United  States  and the  Republic  of  Korea  for  Buyer to
consummate the purchase of the Shares from Seller.

         5.06 Taking of  Necessary  Actions.  Through the Closing Date and for a
reasonable time  thereafter,  in addition to the specific  agreements  contained
herein,  each party  hereto  shall use its  reasonable  best efforts to take all
actions,  and to do all things  necessary,  proper or advisable under applicable
laws  and  regulations  to  consummate  the  Contemplated  Transactions  and  to
facilitate  the  transition  of  Panasia's  operations  to  Buyer's  operations,
including,  if  necessary,  appealing  any  adverse  ruling  in  respect  of any
Application.

         5.07 Public  Announcements.  Seller and Buyer shall agree upon the form
and  substance  of  any  press  release   related  to  this  Agreement  and  the
Contemplated  Transactions,  but nothing  contained herein shall prohibit either
party,  following  notification  to the other party,  from making any disclosure
which its counsel deems necessary under applicable law.

         5.08 Support  Services.  Seller and Buyer shall,  subject to applicable
legal requirements,  cooperate with each other in an orderly transfer, as of the
Closing Date,  from Seller to Buyer of all support  services then being provided
to Panasia by Seller,  including  without  limitation all back office,  support,
processing or other operational activities or services, and all accounting, loan
processing,  deposit and other services,  as set forth on the Service  Agreement
dated July 25, 2000,  between  Seller and Panasia (the "Service  Agreement"),  a
copy of which has been  furnished  to Woori Bank and Buyer  prior to the date of
this Agreement.  Seller

                                       32

<PAGE>

and Panasia shall  terminate the Service  Agreement as of the Closing Date,  and
there shall be no liability or  continuing  obligation  on the part of Seller or
Panasia with respect thereto.

         5.09  Conversion.  Seller and Panasia shall use their  reasonable  best
efforts and cooperate with Buyer in connection  with the conversion of Panasia's
information technology systems to Buyer's systems.

         5.10  Employment; Employee Benefits.

         (a) Buyer shall  continue,  or shall  cause  Panasia to  continue,  the
employment of each Panasia employee (whether  salaried or hourly,  and full-time
or  part-time)  whether or not  actively  employed  at the  Closing  Date (e.g.,
including  employees  on  vacation,   leave  of  absence,   including  military,
maternity,  family,  sick or short-term  disability  leave) at the same location
where such  employee  was employed  immediately  prior to the Closing Date for a
reasonable  period after the Closing Date with  compensation  that is reasonably
comparable in the aggregate to the compensation in effect  immediately  prior to
the Closing Date and benefits as provided in this Section 5.10.

         (b) Buyer shall provide, or shall cause Panasia to provide, benefits to
employees of Panasia after the Closing Date that are no less  favorable than the
benefits,  in the aggregate provided by Buyer to similarly situated employees of
Buyer or Buyer's  ERISA  Affiliates  (determined  by  substituting  "Buyer"  for
"Panasia" in the definition of "Panasia ERISA Affiliate"). No benefit plan shall
contain any  exclusion or  limitation  with respect to any condition of any such
employee (or  beneficiary) in existence on or before the Closing Date (except to
the extent that such  exclusion or limitation  was imposed under the  applicable
Panasia plan).

         (c) As of the Closing Date,  each employee of Panasia shall be entitled
to full credit for all service with  Panasia or a Panasia  ERISA  Affiliate  for
purposes of  determining  eligibility  for  participation  and vesting,  but not
benefit accrual, in Buyer's employee benefit plans, programs and policies. Buyer
shall use the original date of hire by Panasia or a Panasia  ERISA  Affiliate in
making these determinations.

         (d) Subject to the other  provisions  of this Section  5.10,  after the
Closing Date, Buyer may discontinue,  amend,  convert to, or merge with, a Buyer
plan any Panasia Benefit Plan,  subject to such plan's provisions and applicable
law.

         (e) Seller shall permit Panasia employees to participate in all benefit
plans listed on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 3.13(a), other than employee pension
benefit plans within the meaning of section 3(2) of ERISA ("Seller's  Retirement
Plans"),  through the

                                       33

<PAGE>

last day of the calendar  month in which the Closing  Date occurs in  accordance
with the terms of such  plans,  provided  that Buyer  and/or the former  Panasia
employees  pay all premiums and other costs  associated  with such plans through
the last day of such  calendar  month on the same basis as prior to the  Closing
Date. Panasia employees shall cease active  participation in Seller's Retirement
Plans  on the  Closing  Date.  Seller  shall  amend  each  of  Seller's  Capital
Accumulation  Plan and Seller's Pension Plan to provide that Panasia shall cease
to be a  "Participating  Company" as defined  therein  immediately  prior to the
Closing  and  that  each  Panasia  employee  on  the  Closing  Date  has a  100%
nonforfeitable  right in the benefit  accrued  through the Closing  Date without
regard to length of service.

         (f)   Buyer   shall   honor   and   succeed   to   all   of   Panasia's
employment-related    contracts   after   consummation   of   the   Contemplated
Transactions, as more fully set forth on Panasia Disclosure Schedule 5.10.

         5.11  Indemnification, Insurance.

         (a) Buyer shall  indemnify and hold harmless the  directors,  officers,
employees and agents of Panasia  immediately prior to the Closing Date (each, an
"Indemnified  Party")  against  all  losses,   expenses  (including   reasonable
attorneys' fees), claims,  damages or liabilities and amounts paid in settlement
arising out of actions or omissions or alleged acts or omissions  (collectively,
"Prior  Acts")  occurring  at or  prior  to  the  Closing  Date  (including  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement) to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, including provisions relating to the advancement of expenses and
legal  fees.  Without  limiting  the  foregoing,  in a case  (if any) in which a
determination  by Buyer is required to  effectuate  any  indemnification,  Buyer
shall direct,  at the election of the Indemnified  Party, that the determination
shall be made by independent  counsel mutually agreed upon between Buyer and the
Indemnified Party.

         (b) After Closing,  Buyer shall keep in effect,  or shall cause Panasia
to keep in effect,  the provisions in Panasia's  bylaws  (Section 8.5) providing
for  indemnification of the Indemnified  Parties to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, which  provisions  shall not be amended except as required by
applicable law or except to make changes permitted by law that would enlarge the
Indemnified Parties' right to indemnification.

         (c) After Closing,  Seller shall,  at no expense to the  beneficiaries,
maintain  directors' and officers' liability insurance ("D&O Insurance") for the
Indemnified Parties with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Closing
Date, issued by a carrier assigned a claims-paying ability rating by A.M. Best &
Co. of "A  (Excellent)"  or higher,  providing at least

                                       34

<PAGE>

the same coverage as the D&O  Insurance  currently  provided to the  Indemnified
Parties and containing  terms and conditions  which are no less favorable to the
beneficiaries, for a period of at least six (6) years from the Closing Date. The
parties hereto agree that Seller shall charge back to Panasia the actual cost of
such  insurance  in an amount not to exceed  $40,000,  pursuant  to the  Service
Agreement,  which cost shall be paid by Panasia to Seller  immediately  prior to
the  Closing.  The receipt by Seller of the actual cost of such  insurance  from
Panasia shall be deemed to satisfy Buyer's  obligations under Section 5.11(a) of
this Agreement.

         (d) If any claim is made against present or former directors,  officers
or employees  of Panasia who are covered or  potentially  covered by  insurance,
neither  Buyer nor Seller  shall do  anything  that would  forfeit,  jeopardize,
restrict  or limit the  insurance  coverage  available  for that claim until the
final disposition thereof.

         (e) If Buyer or any of its successors or assigns shall consolidate with
or merge into any other  person  and shall not be the  continuing  or  surviving
person of such  consolidation  or merger or shall transfer all or  substantially
all of its assets to any person,  then and in each case,  proper provision shall
be made so that the successors and assigns of Buyer shall assume the obligations
set forth in this Section 5.11.

         (f) Subject to the last sentence of Section 5.11(c),  the provisions of
this Section 5.11 are intended to be for the benefit of and shall be enforceable
by, each Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and representatives.

         (g) Buyer shall pay all expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
that may be incurred by any  Indemnified  Party in enforcing  the  indemnity and
other obligations provided for in this Section 5.11.

         5.12  No Solicitation.

         (a) Subject to their respective  Boards of Directors being obligated to
take such action in  accordance  with their  respective  fiduciary  duties under
applicable  laws,  neither  Seller nor Panasia  shall,  nor shall either of them
authorize or permit any of their respective officers,  directors or employees or
any  investment  banker,  financial  advisor,  attorney,   accountant  or  other
representative  retained  by either  of them to,  initiate,  solicit,  encourage
(including  by way of  furnishing  information),  or take any  other  action  to
facilitate,  any inquiries or the making of any proposal which  constitutes  any
Acquisition  Proposal (as defined below),  or enter into or maintain or continue
discussions  or  negotiate  with any  person in  furtherance  of an  Acquisition
Proposal, or agree to or endorse any Acquisition Proposal.

                                       35

<PAGE>

         (b) As used herein,  the term  "Acquisition  Proposal"  means:  (i) any
acquisition or purchase of a significant amount of the assets of Panasia, or any
equity  interest  in  Panasia  or  any   consolidation,   plan  or  arrangement,
reorganization,  consolidation,  business combination, sale of substantially all
of the assets, sale of securities, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
similar transaction involving Panasia (other than the transactions  contemplated
by this  Agreement);  or (ii) any  proposal,  plan or intention to do any of the
foregoing  either publicly  announced or communicated to Seller or any agreement
to engage in any of the foregoing.

         5.13  Notification  of Certain  Matters.  Seller and Panasia shall give
prompt  notice to Buyer,  and  Buyer  shall  give  prompt  notice to Seller  and
Panasia,  of (a) the  occurrence,  or  non-occurrence,  of any event which would
likely cause (i) any  representation or warranty  contained in this Agreement to
be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect or (ii) any covenant,  condition
or agreement  contained in this  Agreement not to be complied with or satisfied;
and (b) any  failure  of Seller or  Panasia,  on the one hand,  or Woori Bank or
Buyer,  on the other  hand,  as the case may be, to comply  with or satisfy  any
covenant,  condition  or  agreement  to be  complied  with  or  satisfied  by it
hereunder;  provided  that the  delivery of any notice  pursuant to this Section
5.13 shall not limit or  otherwise  affect the  remedies  available to the party
receiving such notice.

         5.14  Non-Competition.

         (a)  Seller  agrees  that for a period  of three  years  following  the
Closing Date, it will not start-up or engage in the business of banking which is
directly  targeted to the  Korean-American  market in an area within  fifty (50)
miles of any Panasia branch  existing on the Closing Date.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  Buyer  agrees  that  Seller  may  service  or  continue  to  service
individual  customers or consumers who are of Korean-American  descent on a case
by case basis.

         (b) The provisions of Section 5.14(a) shall not restrict the ability of
Seller or any of its Affiliates from engaging in the following activities:

                  (i) the ownership of capital  stock or other equity  interests
of a competing  bank if (x) such  capital  stock or other equity  interests  are
traded on a national or regional  stock  exchange or are traded on the  National
Association of Securities  Dealers,  Inc.,  Automated  Quotation System, and (y)
Seller,  directly or indirectly,  is the beneficial  owner of not more than five
percent  (5%) of  such  entity's  outstanding  capital  stock  or

                                       36

<PAGE>

other equity interests, so long as Seller does not control such entity;

                  (ii)  the   acquisition   of  any   entity   which   conducts,
participates  or engages in, or owns or has an  interest  in a competing  bank's
activities,  if the gross sales of such entity  (including its Affiliates)  from
the  competing  bank  for the  fiscal  year  preceding  the  date on  which  the
acquisition is consummated,  do not represent (x) more than twenty percent (20%)
of the gross revenue of such entity  (including its Affiliates) or (y) more than
$50 million; or

                  (iii)  the   acquisition   of  any  entity   which   conducts,
participates  or engages in, or owns or has an  interest  in a competing  bank's
activities,  if the gross sales of such entity  (including its Affiliates)  from
the  competing  bank  for the  fiscal  year  preceding  the  date on  which  the
acquisition  is  consummated,  represent (x) twenty percent (20%) or more of the
gross sales  (including  sales from the  competing  bank) of such entity and (b)
more  than $50  million,  provided  that  within  one year of such  acquisition,
revenues  derived from the competing  bank  represent  less than twenty  percent
(20%) of the gross  sales  (including  sales  from the  competing  bank) of such
entity  (without  giving effect to transfers of assets of such entity to or from
Seller or any of its Affiliates  during such period) or constitute less than $50
million.

         (c) Seller acknowledges that Buyer would not have an adequate remedy at
law in the event of the violation of the covenant contained in this Section 5.14
and agrees that Buyer shall be entitled to specifically enforce its rights under
this Section 5.14.

         5.15  Reserves and Transaction-Related Costs.

         (a) On or  before  the  Closing  Date,  Panasia  shall  establish  such
additional  accruals  and  reserves  as may be  necessary  to conform  Panasia's
accounting  reserve  practices and methods  (including credit loss practices and
methods) to those of Buyer and otherwise to reflect transaction-related expenses
and costs incurred by Panasia  (including  professional  fees and expenses),  in
each case on a mutually  satisfactory  basis and in accordance with GAAP and any
applicable regulatory requirements, provided, however, that Panasia shall not be
required  to take such  actions  until such time as Buyer shall  acknowledge  in
writing  that all  conditions  to Buyer's,  Seller's  and  Panasia's  respective
obligations to consummate the Contemplated  Transactions (and Buyer's,  Seller's
and Panasia's respective rights to terminate this Agreement for any reason) have
been waived or satisfied,  and that in all circumstances Panasia shall take such
actions at such time as shall be mutually agreed to by Buyer, Seller and Panasia

                                       37

<PAGE>

but not later than immediately  prior to the time the Contemplated  Transactions
become effective.

         (b) The parties  hereto  agree that Seller shall charge back to Panasia
the fees and expenses of Seller's attorneys,  accountants and investment bankers
incurred  by Seller in  connection  with the  Contemplated  Transactions,  in an
amount not to exceed $650,000, pursuant to the Service Agreement, which fees and
expenses shall be paid by Panasia to Seller immediately prior to the Closing.

         (c) No action  taken by Panasia in  accordance  with this  Section 5.15
shall constitute or be deemed to be a breach or violation of any representation,
warranty,  covenant,  condition or other provision of this Agreement,  and Buyer
agrees to indemnify  Panasia's  officers,  directors  and agents with respect to
such actions.

         5.16  "Well-Capitalized".  Buyer agrees that, prior to the consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions, it shall not take any actions that would cause
it to no longer be "well-capitalized" (as defined by the FDIC).

         5.17  "Well-Managed".  Buyer agrees that,  prior to the consummation of
the Contemplated Transactions, it shall not take any actions that would cause it
to no longer be "well-managed" (as defined by the FDIC).

         5.18 Board and Other Committee Observer Rights.  During the period from
the date of this  Agreement to the Closing  Date,  Buyer shall have the right to
attend and  observe all  meetings  of: (a)  Panasia's  Board of  Directors,  (b)
Panasia's audit committee,  and (c) Panasia loan committee,  in each case to the
extent permitted by applicable law.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

                                   CONDITIONS
                                   ----------

         6.01  Conditions  to Seller's  Obligations  under this  Agreement.  The
obligations of Seller  hereunder shall be subject to satisfaction at or prior to
the Closing Date of each of the  following  conditions,  unless waived by Seller
pursuant to Section 9.03 hereof:

         (a) Corporate  Proceedings.  All action  required to be taken by, or on
the part of Buyer to authorize the execution,  delivery and  performance of this
Agreement,  and the consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions applicable to
it,  shall have been duly and  validly  taken by Buyer,  and  Seller  shall have
received

                                       38

<PAGE>

certified copies of the resolutions evidencing such authorizations.

         (b) Covenants;  Representations.  The  obligations of Buyer required by
this  Agreement  to be  performed by Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been duly  performed  and complied with in all material  respects;  and the
representations  and  warranties of Buyer set forth in this  Agreement  shall be
true and correct in all material respects, as of the date of this Agreement, and
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing  Date,  except as
to any representation or warranty which specifically and expressly relates to an
earlier date.

         (c) Approvals of  Regulatory  Authorities.  Procurement  by the parties
hereto of all requisite approvals and consents of Regulatory Authorities and the
expiration  of  the  statutory   waiting  period  or  periods  relating  to  the
Contemplated Transactions.

         (d) No  Injunction.  There shall not be in effect any order,  decree or
injunction  of a court or agency of  competent  jurisdiction  which  enjoins  or
prohibits consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

         (e)  Officer's  Certificate.  Buyer  shall have  delivered  to Seller a
certificate,  dated the Closing Date and signed, without personal liability,  by
its  Chairman  or  President,  to the effect  that the  conditions  set forth in
subsections (a) through (d) of this Section 6.01 have been satisfied.

         6.02  Conditions  to  Buyer's  Obligations  under this  Agreement.  The
obligations of Buyer  hereunder  shall be subject to satisfaction at or prior to
the Closing Date of each of the  following  conditions,  unless  waived by Buyer
pursuant to Section 9.03 hereof:

         (a) Corporate  Proceedings.  All action  required to be taken by, or on
the part of, Seller to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement,  and the consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions applicable to
it,  shall  have been duly and  validly  taken by Seller,  and Buyer  shall have
received certified copies of the resolutions evidencing such authorizations.

         (b) Covenants;  Representations.  The obligations of Seller required by
this  Agreement  to be performed by Seller at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been duly  performed  and complied with in all material  respects;  and the
representations  and warranties of Seller set forth in this  Agreement  shall be
true and correct in all material respects, as of the date of this Agreement, and
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing  Date,  except as
to any representation or warranty

                                       39

<PAGE>

which specifically and expressly relates to an earlier date.

         (c) Approvals of  Regulatory  Authorities.  Procurement  by the parties
hereto of all requisite approvals and consents of Regulatory Authorities and the
expiration  of  the  statutory   waiting  period  or  periods  relating  to  the
Contemplated Transactions.

         (d) No  Injunction.  There shall not be in effect any order,  decree or
injunction  of a court or agency of  competent  jurisdiction  which  enjoins  or
prohibits consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

         (e)  Officer's  Certificate.  Seller  shall have  delivered  to Buyer a
certificate,  dated the Closing Date and signed, without personal liability,  by
its  Chairman  or  President,  to the effect  that the  conditions  set forth in
subsections (a) through (d) of this Section 6.02 have been satisfied.

         (f)  Consents.  Panasia  shall have  delivered  to Buyer all  necessary
consents  or  waivers  from the  other  parties  to the  contracts,  leases  and
agreements listed on the Panasia Disclosure Schedules,  except where the failure
to receive  such consent or waiver  would not  reasonably  be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         (g)  Resignations.  Panasia  shall have  delivered to Buyer the written
resignation  of each  director  of Panasia as shall be  requested  in writing by
Buyer.

         (h) Panasia IC. Panasia IC shall have been  liquidated into Panasia and
shall no longer be existing as a separate entity.

         (i) Opinion of  Counsel.  Buyer  shall have  received  an opinion  from
Ellsworth,  Carlton,  Mixell &  Waldman,  P.C.,  special  counsel  to Seller and
Panasia,  dated  as of the  Closing  Date,  in  form  and  substance  reasonably
satisfactory to Buyer, to the effect that:

                  (i) Panasia is duly organized, and Panasia is validly existing
and in good  standing as a national  banking  association  under the laws of the
United  States  of  America,  and  has  the  corporate  power  to own all of its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

                  (ii) This  Agreement  has been duly  authorized,  executed and
delivered by Seller and Panasia and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
Seller and Panasia,  enforceable  against Seller and Panasia in accordance  with
its  terms,  subject to  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency  and  similar  laws
affecting  creditors'  rights generally and subject,  as to  enforceability,  to
general principles of equity.

                                       40

<PAGE>

                  (iii) Neither the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement,
nor the  consummation of the transactions  contemplated  herein will result in a
material  default  under  or  violation  of any  provision  of the  articles  of
incorporation  or bylaws of Seller or the articles of  association  or bylaws of
Panasia or any material  indenture,  mortgage,  deed of trust, loan agreement or
other  material  agreement,  known to such counsel  after due inquiry,  to which
either of Seller or Panasia is a party or by which Seller or Panasia is bound or
as to which any of Seller's or Panasia's properties are subject; and no consents
or  waivers  thereunder  are  required  to be  obtained  by Seller or Panasia in
connection therewith except the consents or waivers which have been obtained.

                  (iv) The  authorized  capital  stock of Panasia  consists of 1
million  shares of common  stock,  $5.00 par value,  of which 40,000  shares are
issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
have  been duly and  validly  authorized  and  issued,  and are  fully  paid and
nonassessable.


                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   -----------

                                   TERMINATION
                                   -----------

         7.01  Termination.  This  Agreement may be terminated on or at any time
prior to the Closing Date:

         (a) By the written consent of each of the parties hereto;

         (b) By Seller or by Buyer:

                  (i) If there shall have been any breach of any representation,
warranty,  covenant or  obligation  of the other party hereto  (including in the
case of Seller,  Panasia, and including in the case of Buyer, Buyer's Affiliates
(subject to the same standards as set forth in Sections  6.01(b) or 6.02(b),  as
the case may be) and such  breach can not be, or shall not have  been,  remedied
within 30 days after  receipt by such party of  written  notice  specifying  the
nature of such breach and  requesting  that it be remedied;  provided,  that, if
such  breach  cannot  reasonably  be cured  within  such  30-day  period but may
reasonably be cured within 60 days, and such cure is being  diligently  pursued,
no such  termination  shall occur prior to the expiration of such 60-day period;
or

                  (ii) If the Closing shall not have occurred  prior to July 31,
2003  (except  that if the  Closing  Date shall not have  occurred  by such date
because of a breach of this Agreement by a party hereto,  such  breaching  party
shall not be  entitled to  terminate  this  Agreement  in  accordance  with this
provision);

                                       41

<PAGE>

provided,  however,  that if the condition  contained in Section 6.01(c) of this
Agreement  shall not have been  satisfied by, or if the  conversion of Panasia's
information  technology  systems to Buyer's  systems  could not be completed by,
July 31,  2003  because of events  outside of the  control of Buyer,  Seller and
Panasia,  then all  references to July 31, 2003 in this  subsection  7.01(b)(ii)
shall be changed to September 30, 2003.

         7.02  Effect of Termination.

         (a) If this  Agreement is  terminated  pursuant to Section 7.01 hereof,
this  Agreement  shall  forthwith  become  void,  other than  Sections  5.02(c),
7.02(b),  7.02(c) and 9.01 hereof  which shall  remain in full force and effect,
and there shall be no further liability on the part of any party hereto,  except
for any liability of a party under such sections of this  Agreement,  and except
that no party  shall be relieved or  released  from any  liabilities  or damages
arising out of its breach of any provision of this Agreement.

         (b) If this  Agreement is terminated  pursuant to Section  7.01(b)(ii),
and at the time of such  termination  Buyer is unable to satisfy  the  condition
contained in Section  6.01(c),  then Buyer shall  reimburse  Seller for Seller's
out-of-pocket   expenses   incurred  in  connection  with  the  negotiation  and
performance of its  obligations  under this Agreement in an amount not to exceed
$350,000 (the "Expense Reimbursement Fee") by wire transfer of same day funds on
the date of termination.

         (c) If this  Agreement is terminated  pursuant to Section  7.01(b)(ii),
and at the time of such  termination  Seller is unable to satisfy the  condition
contained  in (i) Section  6.02(b)  relating  specifically  and  exclusively  to
Seller's representation  contained in Section 3.02(b) or (ii) 6.02(i)(iv),  then
Seller shall  reimburse  Buyer for Buyer's  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred in
connection with the  negotiation  and performance of its obligations  under this
Agreement in an amount not to exceed $350,000 (the "Expense  Reimbursement Fee")
by wire transfer of same day funds on the date of termination.

         It is  acknowledged  and  agreed by the  parties  that (i) the  Expense
Reimbursement  Fee is a reasonable  estimate of certain costs incurred and to be
incurred  by  either  party in  connection  with the  Contemplated  Transactions
applicable to it, including without  limitation,  legal,  investment banking and
accounting  fees and management  time devoted to the  Contemplated  Transactions
applicable,  (ii)  the  agreement  to pay the  Expense  Reimbursement  Fee is an
integral part of the Contemplated Transactions and constitutes neither a penalty
nor liquidated  damages and (iii) the Expense  Reimbursement Fee is not intended
to  compensate  either  party  for  all  of  its  damages  (including,   without
limitation,

                                       42

<PAGE>

business disruption and lost time and opportunities) in the event of a breach of
this  Agreement by either  party and is not an exclusive  remedy for a breach by
either party of this Agreement,  and payment of the Expense Reimbursement Fee by
either  party shall be in addition to any other  rights or remedies  that may be
available to either party at law or in equity for any breach of this Agreement.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                            INDEMNIFICATION; REMEDIES
                            -------------------------

         8.01  Survival.  All  representations,   warranties,   covenants,   and
obligations in this Agreement will survive the Closing.

         8.02 Indemnification by Seller. Seller will indemnify and hold harmless
Buyer and its directors,  officers,  employees, agents and other representatives
from and against any loss, liability, claim, damage, expense (including, without
limitation, costs of investigation,  defense and litigation, and reasonable fees
and  expenses of  attorneys,  accountants  and  investment  bankers  incurred in
connection with such investigation, defense and litigation or in connection with
the  execution  of this  Agreement  and  the  carrying  out of any and all  acts
contemplated  herein) (all of the foregoing,  collectively,  "Damages") arising,
directly  or  indirectly,   from  or  in  connection  with  any  breach  of  any
representation,  warranty,  covenant or  obligation of Seller or Panasia in this
Agreement.

         8.03  Indemnification by Buyer. Buyer will hold harmless Seller and its
directors,  officers,  employees,  agents  and  other  representatives  from and
against  any  loss,  liability,   claim,  damage,   expense  (including  without
limitation costs of investigation,  defense and litigation,  and reasonable fees
and  expenses of  attorneys,  accountants  and  investment  bankers  incurred in
connection with such investigation, defense and litigation or in connection with
the  execution  of this  Agreement  and  the  carrying  out of any and all  acts
contemplated  herein) (all of the foregoing,  collectively,  "Damages") arising,
directly  or  indirectly,   from  or  in  connection  with  any  breach  of  any
representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Buyer in this Agreement.

         8.04  Time Limitations.

         (a)  If  the  Closing  occurs,  Seller  will  have  no  liability  (for
indemnification  or otherwise) other than liabilities for Taxes, with respect to
any  representation,  warranty,  covenant  or  obligation  to be  performed  and
complied with prior to the Closing Date,

                                       43
<PAGE>

unless within eighteen (18) months of the Closing Date, Buyer notifies Seller of
a claim  specifying the factual basis of that claim in reasonable  detail to the
extent then known by Buyer.

         If the Closing  occurs,  Seller will have no  liability  for Taxes (for
indemnification  or otherwise),  with respect to any  representation,  warranty,
covenant or  obligation  to be performed  and complied with prior to the Closing
Date, unless prior to the expiration of all applicable statutes of limitation in
respect of Taxes,  Buyer notifies Seller of a claim relating to Taxes specifying
the factual basis of that claim in reasonable detail to the extent then known by
Buyer.

         (b)  If  the  Closing  occurs,   Buyer  will  have  no  liability  (for
indemnification  or  otherwise)  with respect to any  representation,  warranty,
covenant or  obligation  to be performed  and complied with prior to the Closing
Date,  unless within  eighteen (18) months of the Closing Date,  Seller notifies
Buyer of a claim specifying the factual basis of that claim in reasonable detail
to the extent then known by Seller.

         8.05  Threshold  Amount--Seller.  Seller  will have no  liability  (for
indemnification  or  otherwise)  until the total of all Damages  with respect to
such  matters  exceeds  $500,000  and then only for the amount by which all such
Damages exceed $500,000.

         8.06  Procedure for Indemnification--Third Party Claims.

         (a) Promptly  after  receipt by an  indemnified  party of notice of the
commencement of any Action against it, such  indemnified  party will, if a claim
is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Agreement, give notice to
the  indemnifying  party of the  commencement of such claim,  but the failure to
notify the  indemnifying  party will not relieve the  indemnifying  party of any
liability that it may have to any indemnified  party,  except to the extent that
the  indemnifying  party  demonstrates  that  the  defense  of  such  Action  is
prejudiced by the indemnifying party's failure to give such notice.

         (b) If any Action  referred to in Section 8.07(a) is brought against an
indemnified  party  and  it  gives  notice  to  the  indemnifying  party  of the
commencement  of such  Action,  the  indemnifying  party will,  unless the claim
involves  Taxes,  be entitled to  participate  in such Action and, to the extent
that it wishes (unless (i) the indemnifying party is also a party to such Action
and the  indemnified  party  determines in good faith that joint  representation
would  be  inappropriate,  or (ii)  the  indemnifying  party  fails  to  provide
reasonable  assurance  to the  indemnified  party of its  financial  capacity to
defend such Action and provide  indemnification with respect to such Action), to
assume the defense of such Action with counsel  satisfactory  to the indemnified
party.  After notice from the indemnifying party to

                                       44

<PAGE>

the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such Action,  the
indemnifying party will not, as long as it diligently  conducts such defense, be
liable  to the  indemnified  party  for any fees of other  counsel  or any other
expenses with respect to the defense of such Action,  in each case  subsequently
incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense of such Action,
other than reasonable costs of investigation.

         (c) If the indemnifying  party assumes the defense of a Action,  (i) it
will be conclusively  established for purposes of this Agreement that the claims
made in that Action are within the scope of and subject to indemnification; (ii)
no compromise  or settlement of such claims may be effected by the  indemnifying
party without the indemnified  party's consent unless (A) there is no finding or
admission of any violation of legal  requirements or any violation of the rights
of any person and no effect on any other  claims  that may be made  against  the
indemnified party, and (B) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are
paid in full by the  indemnifying  party;  and (iii) the indemnified  party will
have no liability  with respect to any  compromise  or settlement of such claims
effected without its consent.

         (d) If notice is given to an indemnifying  party of the commencement of
any  Action  and the  indemnifying  party  does not,  within  ten days after the
indemnified party's notice is given, give notice to the indemnified party of its
election to assume the defense of such Action,  the  indemnifying  party will be
bound by any  determination  made in such Action or any compromise or settlement
effected by the indemnified party.

         (e) Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  if an indemnified party determines
in good faith that there is a reasonable probability that a Action may adversely
affect it or its affiliates other than as a result of monetary damages for which
it would be entitled to  indemnification  under this Agreement,  the indemnified
party may, by notice to the  indemnifying  party,  assume the exclusive right to
defend,  compromise,  or settle such Action, but the indemnifying party will not
be bound by any  determination  of an Action so  defended or any  compromise  or
settlement   effected  without  its  consent  (which  may  not  be  unreasonably
withheld).

         8.07  Non-Exclusive  Remedy. The remedies provided in this Article VIII
are not  exclusive  of, and shall not  preclude,  any other  remedies that would
otherwise be available to Seller, Buyer or any other indemnified person, but are
in addition to any other rights or remedies  available to the parties  hereto at
law or in equity.

                                       45

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

         9.01 Expenses and Other Fees. Except as provided in Section 5.15(b) (if
the Closing  occurs) and Section  7.02(b),  each party hereto shall bear and pay
all  costs and  expenses  incurred  by it in  connection  with the  Contemplated
Transactions,  including fees and expenses of its own attorneys, accountants and
investment bankers

         9.02 Specific  Performance.  The parties hereto agree that  irreparable
damage would occur in the event that the provisions  contained in this Agreement
were not  performed  in  accordance  with its specific  terms or were  otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an
injunction or injunctions  to prevent  breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically  the terms and  provisions  of this  Agreement  in any court of the
United  States  or  any  state  having  jurisdiction,   including  those  courts
specifically  identified  in  Section  9.12 of this  Agreement,  this  being  in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

         9.03 Amendment, Extension and Waiver. Subject to applicable law, at any
time prior to the Closing Date, the parties may:

         (a) amend this Agreement;

         (b) extend the time for the  performance  of any of the  obligations or
other acts of either party hereto;

         (c)  waive  any  inaccuracies  in the  representations  and  warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto; or

         (d) to the extent  permitted by law, waive  compliance  with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in Articles V and VI hereof or otherwise.

         This  Agreement  may not be amended  except by an instrument in writing
signed, by authorized  officers,  on behalf of the parties hereto. Any agreement
on the part of a party hereto to any  extension or waiver shall be valid only if
set forth in an instrument  in writing  signed by a duly  authorized  officer on
behalf of such party, but such waiver or failure to insist on strict  compliance
with such  obligation,  covenant,  agreement or condition shall not operate as a
waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.

         9.04  Entire Agreement.

         (a) This  Agreement,  including  the  documents  referred  to

                                       46

<PAGE>

herein  or  delivered  pursuant  hereto,   contains  the  entire  agreement  and
understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter.  This Agreement
supersedes all prior arrangements and understandings  between the parties,  both
written  and  oral,   with  respect  to  its  subject   matter  other  than  the
Confidentiality Agreement.

         (b) This  Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of and be binding  upon
the parties hereto and their  respective  successors;  provided,  however,  that
nothing in this Agreement,  expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any
party,  other than the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  successors,  any
rights, remedies,  obligations or liabilities;  and provided,  further, that any
Indemnified Party may enforce Section 5.11.

         9.05 No  Assignment.  No party  hereto  may assign any of its rights or
obligations hereunder to any other person,  without the prior written consent of
the other parties hereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

         9.06 Notices. All notices or other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed  given upon  delivery if delivered  personally,  two
business days after mailing if mailed by prepaid  registered or certified  mail,
return receipt  requested,  or upon confirmation of good transmission if sent by
telecopy, addressed as follows:

         (a) If to Seller, to:

                  National Penn Bancshares, Inc.
                  Philadelphia and Reading Avenues
                  P.O. Box 547
                  Boyertown, Pennsylvania  19512-0547 U.S.A.

                  Attention:  Wayne R. Weidner
                              Chairman, President and CEO

                  Telecopy No.:  610-369-6349

                  with a copy to:

                  H. Anderson Ellsworth
                  Jay W. Waldman
                  Ellsworth, Carlton, Mixell & Waldman, P.C.
                  1105 Berkshire Boulevard
                  Suite 320
                  Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610

                  Telecopy No.:  610-371-9510

                                       47

<PAGE>

         (b) If to Buyer, to:

                  Woori America Bank
                  1250 Broadway
                  New York, New York 10001

                  Attention:  Jay Seung Yoo
                              President and CEO

                  Telecopy No.:  212-736-5929

                  with a copy to:

                  Nelson K. Ahn
                  Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP
                  787 Seventh Avenue
                  New York, New York  10019

                  Telecopy No.:  212-839-5599

         9.07 Panasia Disclosure Schedules. Information contained on any Panasia
Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to cover the express disclosure  requirement
contained  in a  representation  or  warranty  of this  Agreement  and any other
representation  or warranty of this  Agreement of such party where it is readily
apparent  it  applies  to such  provision.  The mere  inclusion  of an item in a
Panasia  Disclosure  Schedule as an  exception to a  representation  or warranty
shall not be deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a material
exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is or could result in
a Material Adverse Effect.

         9.08  Captions.  The  captions  contained  in  this  Agreement  are for
reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.

         9.09  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed in any number of
counterparts,  and each  such  counterpart  shall be  deemed  to be an  original
instrument,  but  all  such  counterparts  together  shall  constitute  but  one
agreement.

         9.10   Severability.   If  any  provision  of  this  Agreement  or  the
application   thereof  to  any  person  or  circumstance  shall  be  invalid  or
unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement and the application
of such  provisions  to other  persons or  circumstances  shall not be  affected
thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law.

         9.11 Governing  Law. This Agreement  shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the domestic  internal law of the State of New York,  without
regard to conflicts of laws principles.

                                       48

<PAGE>

         9.12 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process. Seller and Buyer each
irrevocably  and  unconditionally  (a) agree that any Action arising out of this
Agreement shall be brought and adjudicated in the Court of Common Pleas of Berks
County,  Pennsylvania,  U.S.A.,  or in the United States  District Court for the
Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania,   U.S.A.;   (b)  submit  to  the  exclusive
jurisdiction  of either Court for the purpose of any such Action;  (c) waive and
agree not to assert by way of  motion,  as a defense  or  otherwise  in any such
Action, any claim that such party is not subject to the jurisdiction of the said
Court of Common Pleas or the said District Court, that such Action is brought in
an  inconvenient  forum,  or that the venue of such Action is improper;  and (d)
agree that process in any such Action may be served by ordinary  mail  addressed
to the last known  address of Seller or Buyer,  as the case may be,  anywhere in
the world.



            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       49
<PAGE>

         9.13  Waiver of Jury  Trial.  Seller  and Buyer  each  irrevocably  and
unconditionally  agree that any Action  arising out of this  Agreement  shall be
tried only by a court and judge and not by a jury.  EACH PARTY HEREBY  EXPRESSLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH ACTION.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have caused  this  Agreement  to be
executed  by their duly  authorized  officers as of the day and year first above
written.

                                    NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.



(Corporate Seal)                    By:    /s/Wayne R. Weidner
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Wayne R. Weidner
                                           Title: Chairman, President
                                                  and CEO


                                   Attest: /s/Sandra L. Spayd
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Sandra L. Spayd
                                           Title: Corporate Secretary

                                    PANASIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



(Corporate Seal)                    By:    /s/Gary L. Rhoads
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Gary L. Rhoads
                                           Title: Treasurer


                                   Attest: /s/Sandra L. Spayd
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name: Sandra L. Spayd
                                           Title: Secretary

                                    WOORI AMERICA BANK



(Corporate Seal)                    By:    /s/Jay Seung Yoo
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:  Jay Seung Yoo
                                           Title: President & Chief
                                                  Executive Officer


                                   Attest: /s/Nelson K. Ahn
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name: Nelson K. Ahn
                                           Title: Partner
                                                  Sidley Austin Brown
                                                  & Wood LLP

                                       50

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
