<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.41 & 10.42
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.41


                               EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT
                               -------------------

     THIS  AGREEMENT is made as of this 23rd day of July,  1997,  among NATIONAL
PENN BANCSHARES,  INC., a Pennsylvania business corporation having its principal
place of business in  Boyertown,  Pennsylvania  ("NPB"),  NATIONAL  PENN BANK, a
national  banking   association  having  its  principal  place  of  business  in
Boyertown,  Pennsylvania  ("Bank"),  and  Michael  R.  Reinhard,  an  individual
residing in Kutztown, Pennsylvania ("Executive").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :
                              - - - - - - - - - -

     WHEREAS,  Executive is employed by [NPB][Bank] as a Senior Vice  President;
and

     WHEREAS,  the  Boards of  Directors  of NPB and Bank deem it  advisable  to
provide  Executive  with  certain  additional  benefits  in the event of certain
changes in control of NPB or Bank so that  Executive  will continue to attend to
the business of NPB and Bank without  distraction in the face of the potentially
disturbing circumstances arising therefrom.

                                    AGREEMENT
                                    ---------

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises set
forth herein,  and each intending to be legally  bound,  NPB, Bank and Executive
agree as follows:

     I. Definitions. The following terms have the meanings specified below:

          a.  "Affiliate"  means  any  corporation  which is  included  within a
     "controlled group of corporations"  including NPB, as determined under Code
     Section 1563.

          b.  "Base  Amount"  means  Executive's   average   annualized  taxable
     compensation  for the five (5) years prior to the year in which a Change in
     Control  occurs,  determined  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of Code
     Section 280G and regulations promulgated thereunder.

          c. "Cause" has the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof.

          d. "Change in Control" means:

                    i. An acquisition by any "person" or "group" (as those terms
               are  defined or used in  Section  13(d) of the  Exchange  Act) of
               "beneficial  ownership"  (within  the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under
               the Exchange  Act) of securities  of NPB  representing  24.99% or
               more of the  combined  voting  power  of  NPB's  securities  then
               outstanding;



                                       1
<PAGE>

                    ii. A merger, consolidation or other reorganization of Bank,
               except  where the  resulting  entity is  controlled,  directly or
               indirectly, by NPB;

                    iii. A merger, consolidation or other reorganization of NPB,
               except   where   shareholders   of  NPB   immediately   prior  to
               consummation of any such transaction  continue to hold at least a
               majority of the voting power of the outstanding voting securities
               of  the  legal  entity  resulting  from  or  existing  after  any
               transaction  and a  majority  of  the  members  of the  Board  of
               Directors of the legal entity  resulting  from or existing  after
               any  such  transaction  are  former  members  of  NPB's  Board of
               Directors;

                    iv.  A sale,  exchange,  transfer  or other  disposition  of
               substantially  all  of the  assets  of the  Employer  to  another
               entity,  except to an entity controlled,  directly or indirectly,
               by NPB;

                    v. A  sale,  exchange,  transfer  or  other  disposition  of
               substantially  all of the assets of NPB to another  entity,  or a
               corporate division involving NPB; or

                    vi. A contested proxy  solicitation  of the  shareholders of
               NPB that results in the contesting party obtaining the ability to
               cast 25% or more of the votes  entitled to be cast in an election
               of directors of NPB.

          e. "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,  and as
     the same may be amended from time to time.

          f. "Employer" means Bank, NPB or any Affiliate which employs Executive
     at any particular time.

          g.  "Employment"  means  Executive's  employment  by Bank,  NPB or any
     Affiliate at any particular time.

          h.  "Exchange  Act"  means the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as
     amended.

          i.  "Salary"  means the  Executive's  annual base salary,  established
     either by contract or by the Board of Directors  of Employer,  prior to any
     reduction of such salary  pursuant to any  contribution  to a tax-qualified
     plan under Section 401(k) of the Code.

     2.  Resignation  of  Executive.  If a Change in Control  shall occur and if
thereafter, at any time, there shall be:

          a. Any involuntary  termination of Executive's  employment (other than
     for Cause);

                                       2
<PAGE>

          b. Any reduction in Executive's title,  responsibilities or authority,
     including  such  title,  responsibilities  or  authority  as  such  may  be
     increased from time to time;

          c. Any reduction in Executive's  Salary in effect immediately prior to
     a Change in Control,  or any failure to provide  Executive with benefits at
     least as favorable as those enjoyed by Executive  under any of the pension,
     life insurance,  medical, health and accident, disability or other employee
     plans of NPB or an Affiliate in which  Executive  participated  immediately
     prior to a Change in  Control,  or the  taking  of any  action  that  would
     materially  reduce any of such  compensation  or  benefits in effect at the
     time of the Change in Control, unless such reduction relates to a reduction
     applicable to all employees generally;

          d. Any  reassignment of Executive  beyond a thirty (30) minute commute
     by automobile from Boyertown, Pennsylvania; or

          e. Any requirement  that Executive travel in performance of his duties
     on behalf of NPB or an  Affiliate  for a greater  period of time during any
     year than was required of Executive  during the year  preceding the year in
     which the Change in Control occurred;

then, at the option of Executive,  exercisable  by Executive  within one hundred
eighty (180) days of the  occurrence of each and every of the foregoing  events,
the Executive may resign from employment (or, if involuntarily terminated,  give
notice of intention to collect  benefits  hereunder)  by  delivering a notice in
writing (the "Notice of  Termination")  to NPB, and the Continuing  Compensation
and Benefits' provisions of this Agreement shall apply.

     3. Continuing Compensation and Benefits.

          a. At the time of termination of Executive's  employment in accordance
     with  Section 2 hereof,  Employer  shall  make a lump-sum  cash  payment to
     Executive  no  later  than  thirty  (30)  days  following  the date of such
     termination in an amount equal to 150% of Executive's Base Amount.

          b.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  or any  other  provision  of this
     Agreement  to the  contrary,  in no event  shall any  payment to  Executive
     pursuant to  Subsection  3.a.  above be greater  than an amount equal to an
     amount ("X") determined pursuant to the following formula:

                           X = (2.99A - B) x (1 + C)D.

                  For purposes of the foregoing formula:

                    A    =  Executive's  Base  Amount  (determined  pursuant  to
                         Internal  Revenue  Code Section  280G(b)(3)(A))  on the
                         date of the Change in Control;

                                       3
<PAGE>

                    B    = The present  value of all other amounts which qualify
                         as parachute payments under Code Section  280G(b)(2)(A)
                         or (B)  (without  regard  to  the  provisions  of  Code
                         Section  280G(b)(2)(A)(ii)),  such present  value to be
                         determined  pursuant to the  provisions of Code Section
                         280G;

                    C    = 120%  times 0.5 times  the  lowest of the  semiannual
                         applicable  federal rates (determined  pursuant to Code
                         Section 1274(d)) in effect on the date of the Change in
                         Control; and

                    D    = The  number  of  whole  semiannual  periods  plus any
                         fraction  of a  semiannual  period from the date of the
                         Change in  Control  to the date of  termination  of the
                         Executive's employment.

                    c. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of
               any payment  provided  for in  Subsection  3.a. by seeking  other
               employment or  otherwise,  nor shall the amount of any payment or
               benefit  provided  for  in  subsection  3.a.  be  reduced  by any
               compensation  earned by Executive as the result of  employment by
               another employer or by reason of Executive's  receipt of or right
               to receive any  retirement  or other  benefits  after the date of
               termination  of  employment  or  otherwise,  except as  otherwise
               provided therein.

     4. Termination for Cause. The Employer may terminate Executive's Employment
for "Cause".  For purposes of this  Agreement,  "Cause" means the  occurrence of
either of the following:

          a. Executive's conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to,
     a felony or a crime of falsehood or involving moral turpitude; or

          b. the  willful  failure by  Executive  to  substantially  perform his
     duties to the Employer,  other than a failure  resulting  from  Executive's
     incapacity as a result of the Executive's disability, which willful failure
     results  in  demonstrable  material  injury  and  damage  to the  Employer.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Executive's  Employment shall not be deemed
     to have been  terminated  for  Cause if such  termination  took  place as a
     result of:

                    i. questionable judgment on the part of Executive;

                    ii. any act or omission believed by Executive in good faith,
               to have  been in or not  opposed  to the  best  interests  of the
               Employer; or

                    iii. any act or omission in respect of which a determination
               could properly be made that Executive met the applicable standard
               of conduct  prescribed for  indemnification  or  reimbursement or
               payment of  expenses  under the By-laws of NPB or the laws of the
               Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania,  or the  directors  and officers'
               liability  insurance of NPB or any  Employer,  in each case as in
               effect at the time of such act or omission.




                                       4
<PAGE>

     If Executive's  Employment is terminated for Cause, all rights of Executive
under this Agreement  shall cease as of the effective date of such  termination,
except that  Executive (i) shall be entitled to receive  accrued  Salary through
the date of such  termination and (ii) shall be entitled to receive the payments
and benefits to which he is then  entitled  under the employee  benefit plans of
the Employer or any affiliate thereof as of the date of such termination.

     5.  Arbitration.  Any dispute or controversy  arising out of or relating to
this  Agreement  and any  controversy  as to a  termination  for Cause  shall be
settled   exclusively  by  arbitration,   conducted  before  a  panel  of  three
arbitrators,  in  Reading,  Pennsylvania,  in  accordance  with the rules of the
American Arbitration  Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the
arbitrators' award in any court having jurisdiction.

     6.  Exclusive  Benefit.  Executive  shall have no right to  commute,  sell,
assign,  transfer  or  otherwise  convey  the  right  to  receive  any  payments
hereunder,  which  payment and the right  thereto are  expressly  declared to be
non-assignable and  non-transferrable.  In the event of any attempted assignment
or transfer, Employer shall have no further liability hereunder.

     7.  Notices.  Any  notice  required  or  permitted  to be given  under this
Agreement  shall be properly  given if in writing and if mailed by registered or
certified mail,  postage prepaid with return receipt  requested,  to Executive's
residence in the case of any notice to Executive,  or to the principal office of
Bank, in the case of any notice to the Employer.

     8. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement relating
to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified,  amended or changed orally
but only by an agreement in writing,  consented to in writing by NPB, and signed
by the party against whom enforcement of any  modification,  amendment or change
is sought.

     9. Benefits.

          a. This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of
     NPB and Bank and their respective  successors and assigns.  Each of NPB and
     Bank shall requires any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
     merger,  consolidation,  or otherwise) to all or  substantially  all of the
     business  and/or  assets of NPB or Bank to  expressly  assume  and agree to
     perform  this  Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that NPB
     or Bank would be  required  to perform it if no such  succession  had taken
     place.  Failure  to  obtain  such  assumption  and  agreement  prior to the
     effectiveness  of any such  succession  shall  constitute  a breach of this
     Agreement and the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement shall apply. As
     used in this  Agreement,  "NPB" or "Bank" shall mean NPB or Bank as defined
     previously  and any successor to the business  and/or assets of NPB or Bank
     as  aforesaid  which  assumes  and  agrees to  perform  this  Agreement  by
     operation of law or otherwise.



                                       5
<PAGE>

          b. This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of
     and be  enforceable  by  Executive's  personal  or  legal  representatives,
     executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

     10.  Applicable  Law. This Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the domestic  internal law (but not the law of conflicts of law)
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.


            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]





                                       6
<PAGE>


     11. Headings.  The headings of the sections and subsections  hereof are for
convenience  only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction or
limit  the  scope  or  intent  of any of the  sections  or  subsections  of this
Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NPB and Bank have each duly caused this Agreement to be
executed  on its  behalf by its duly  authorized  officers,  and  Executive  has
hereunto set his hand and seal, as of the day and year first above written.

                                           NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.



(SEAL)                                     By:/s/Lawrence T. Jilk, Jr.
                                              ------------------------
                                               Title: President and CEO



                                           Attest:  /s/Sandra L. Spayd
                                                   -------------------
                                                    Title:Corporate Secretary


                                           NATIONAL PENN BANK



(SEAL)                                     By:/s/ Wayne R. Weidner
                                              ------------------------
                                              Title: President and CEO



                                            Attest: /s/Sandra L. Spayd
                                                   -------------------
                                                    Title:Corporate Secretary



Witness:



    7/23/97                           Michael R. Reinhard     (SEAL)
--------------------------          --------------------------
                                                                     [Executive]


                                       7
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.42


                              AMENDATORY AGREEMENT
                              --------------------

     AMENDATORY AGREEMENT dated August 26, 1998, among NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES,
INC.,  a  Pennsylvania  business  corporation  ("NPB"),  NATIONAL  PENN BANK,  a
national banking association ("Bank"), and Michael R. Reinhard ("Executive").

                                   BACKGROUND
                                   ----------

     1. NPB, Bank and Executive entered into a certain Executive Agreement dated
as of July 23, 1997 (the "Agreement").

     2. NPB, Bank and Executive desire to amend the Agreement as hereinafter set
forth.

                                    AGREEMENT
                                    ---------

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein,
and each  intending  to be  legally  bound,  NPB,  Bank and  Executive  agree as
follows:

     1. Amendment.  The final paragraph of Section 2 of the Agreement  captioned
"Resignation of Executive" is hereby amended to delete the words "each and every
of the  foregoing  events"  and to insert in lieu  thereof the words "any of the
foregoing events".

     2.  Ratification.  As amended  hereby,  the  Agreement is hereby  ratified,
confirmed and approved.

     3.  Governing  Law.  This  Amendatory  Agreement  shall be  governed by and
construed in accordance  with the domestic  internal law of the  Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto  have  executed  this  Amendatory
Agreement on the date first above written.


                                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.


                                         By:  /s/Wayne R. Weidner
                                            -------------------------------
                                                Name:  Wayne R. Weidner
                                                Title: President

                                         NATIONAL PENN BANK



                                       8
<PAGE>


                                         By: /s/Wayne R. Weidner
                                             --------------------
                                               Name:  Wayne R. Weidner
                                               Title: President and CEO

Witness:/s/Pamela K. Koeshartanto     /s/Michael R. Reinhard
        -------------------------   -------------------------------
                                                             Michael R. Reinhard




                                       9
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
