<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10.21
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.21


                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.
                         ------------------------------

                     FIRSTSERVICE BANK NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR
                     ---------------------------------------
                          SUBSTITUTE STOCK OPTION PLAN
                          ----------------------------

         (as assumed, amended and restated effective February 25, 2003)


     1. Purpose, Assumption, Amendment and Restatement
        ----------------------------------------------

     (a)  FirstService  Bank,  ("FSB")  originally   approved  and  adopted  the
Non-Employee  Directors Stock Option Plan (the "FSB Plan") in 1996. The FSB Plan
was restated in its  entirety in 1998 and again in 2000.  The purpose of the FSB
Plan was to assist FSB in attracting  and retaining  capable  outside  directors
(the  "Directors")  and to provide them with an incentive to  contribute  to the
long-term growth of FSB by encouraging ownership in FSB.

     (b) On February 25, 2003 (the "Effective  Date"),  FSB merged with and into
National  Penn  Bank,  with  National  Penn  Bank  surviving  such  merger  (the
"Merger"),  pursuant to an Agreement  and Plan of Merger,  dated as of September
24, 2002  ("Agreement") by and among National Penn Bancshares,  Inc.  ("National
Penn"), National Penn Bank and FSB.

     (c) On the Effective  Date,  pursuant to the  Agreement,  each  outstanding
share of FSB's common  stock was  automatically  converted  into 0.5954 share of
National Penn common stock, without par value (the "Stock"), and $3.90.

     (d)  Immediately  prior to the  Effective  Date,  there were stock  options
outstanding  under the FSB Plan for 437,488 shares of FSB's common stock, all of
which  were 100%  vested  and  currently  exercisable.  On the  Effective  Date,
pursuant to the FSB Plan and the Agreement,  each such option was  automatically
converted  into a substitute  stock option for Stock,  with the number of shares
and the per share  exercise  price  adjusted as provided  in the  Agreement  and
otherwise on the same terms and  conditions  as the  converted FSB stock option.
The number of shares of Stock subject to each  substitute  stock option is equal
to the  quotient of: (1) the product of the number of shares of FSB common stock
originally  subject to that option  times the  original  exercise  price of that
option,  divided by (2) the adjusted  exercise price of that option  immediately
following  the Effective  Date,  as  determined in accordance  with Section 5(b)
below.  As a result,  stock  options 100% vested and presently  exercisable  for
326,998 shares of Stock are outstanding.

     (e) This National Penn  Bancshares,  Inc.  FirstService  Bank  Non-Employee
Director  Substitute  Stock Option Plan (the "Plan")  reflects  National  Penn's
assumption  of the FSB Plan and of the stock options  outstanding  under the FSB
Plan as of the  Effective  Date,  on the terms and  conditions  provided  in the
Agreement,  and National Penn's  determination  to delete  provisions of the FSB
Plan inapplicable to such outstanding  options. The Plan amends and restates the
FSB Plan accordingly.

     (f) As  used  hereinafter,  the  term  "Options"  means,  individually  and
collectively,  the substitute  stock options issued pursuant to the FSB Plan and
the Agreement,  exercisable  for a total of 326,998 shares of Stock,  subject to
adjustment as provided in Section 2 hereof.

     2. Total Number of Shares
        ----------------------

                                       1
<PAGE>


     The total  number of shares of Stock  subject to Options  under the Plan is
326,998 shares,  subject to adjustment in accordance  with this Section.  If the
shares of Stock shall be changed  into or  exchanged  for a different  number or
kind of shares of Stock of National Penn or of another  corporation  (whether by
reason  of  merger,  consolidation,  recapitalization,  reclassification,  stock
split,  combination of shares or otherwise),  or if the number of such shares of
Stock shall be  increased  through the payment of a stock  dividend,  then there
shall be  substituted  for or added to each share of Stock  subject to an Option
under the Plan and to the maximum  number of shares of Stock that may be subject
to Options  as set forth in this  Section,  the  number and kind of shares  into
which each outstanding share of Stock shall be exchanged,  or to which each such
share shall be  entitled,  as the case may be.  Where  appropriate,  outstanding
Options shall also be amended by the  Committee  (defined in Section 4(a)) as to
Option  Price and other  terms as may be  necessary  to  equitably  reflect  the
foregoing  events.  If there shall be any other  change in the number or kind of
outstanding  shares of Stock,  or any shares into which such  shares  shall have
been  changed,  or for  which  the  Committee  shall,  in its  sole  discretion,
determine that such change  equitably  requires an adjustment in any outstanding
Options,  such  adjustments  shall be made in  accordance  with the  Committee's
determination.  Re-acquired  shares of Stock, as well as unissued shares, may be
used for the purpose of this Plan.

     3. No Further Eligible Non-Employee Directors
        ------------------------------------------

     Other than the persons  who  received  Options on the  Effective  Date,  no
persons are eligible to  participate in the Plan.  Prior to the Effective  Date,
the  persons  eligible  to  participate  in the FSB Plan were  persons  who were
directors of FSB, but were not employees of FSB or any subsidiary corporation of
FSB, and were selected by the administrative  committee under the FSB Plan ( the
"Participants").

     4. Administration of Plan
        ----------------------

     (a) The Plan shall be administered by a committee (the  "Committee")  which
shall be either the entire Board of Directors of National  Penn (the "Board") or
a committee appointed by the Board composed of three to six members of the Board
who are (i) "non-employee directors" of National Penn within the meaning of Rule
16b-3(b)(3)  under Section 16 of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the "1934
Act"),  and (ii)  "outside  directors"  of  National  Penn within the meaning of
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

     (b) The  Committee  shall adopt such rules for the conduct of its  business
and  administration of this Plan, as it considers  desirable.  A majority of the
members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. The vote or
written  consent of a majority of the members of the  Committee  on a particular
matter shall  constitute the act of the Committee on such matter.  The Committee
shall have the right to construe  the Plan and the Options,  to correct  defects
and  omissions  and to  reconcile  inconsistencies  to the extent  necessary  to
effectuate the Plan and the Options, and such action shall be final, binding and
conclusive upon all parties  concerned.  No member of the Committee or the Board
shall be liable for any act or  omission  (whether  or not  negligent)  taken or
omitted in good  faith,  or for the  exercise  of any  authority  or  discretion
granted in connection with the Plan to a Committee or the Board, or for the acts
or  omissions of any other  members of a Committee or the Board.  Subject to the
numerical  limitations on Committee membership set forth in Section 4(a) hereof,
the Board may at any time appoint additional members of the Committee and may at
any time remove any member of the Committee with or without cause.  Vacancies in
the Committee, however caused, may be filled by the Board if it so desires.

     (c) The Committee  does not have authority to grant any stock options under
the Plan in addition to the Options set forth in Section 2 hereof.


                                       2
<PAGE>

     5. Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Awards.
        --------------------------------------------

     (a) Written  Notification of Options.  Each Participant will be notified in
writing of the number of shares of Stock  subject to and the  exercise  price of
each Option he or she holds pursuant to the Plan.

     (b) Option Price. The per share exercise price of the Stock covered by each
Option (the "Option  Price") is equal to the quotient of: (1) the product of the
closing  price of the Stock on the  Effective  Date times the original  exercise
price of that  option,  divided by (2) the sum of (a) the product of the closing
price of the Stock on the Effective  Date times the exchange  ratio (.5954) plus
(b) $3.90.

     (c)  Payment.  The Option  price shall be payable at the time the Option is
exercised  in cash  or,  in whole or in  part,  in the form of  shares  of Stock
already owned by the Participant (based on the fair market value of the Stock on
the date the Option is exercised as determined by the Committee).  A Participant
of an Option shall have none of the rights of a shareholder  until the shares of
Stock are issued.

     6. No Right To Serve As Directors
        ------------------------------

     The Plan  shall not be deemed to create any  obligation  on the part of the
Board to  nominate  any  person  for  election  as a  director  or to retain any
director at any particular rate of compensation. Nor shall any provision in this
Plan or any Option  granted  pursuant  to this Plan  confer  upon any person the
right to interfere in any way with the rights of National Penn or any affiliated
or subsidiary  corporation to remove him or her as a director (if he or she is a
director).  National  Penn  shall  not be  obligated  to issue  shares  of Stock
pursuant to the exercise of an Option  awarded  under the Plan if such  issuance
would constitute a violation of any applicable law.

     7. Termination as Director
        -----------------------

     (a) In the  event  that a  Participant's  service  as a  director  shall be
terminated in a manner  authorized by law, the Board,  a regulatory  agency,  or
court for improper  conduct or other cause, all Options  theretofore  granted to
such Participant to the extent not exercised shall terminate forthwith.


     (b) In the event a Participant's  service as a director shall terminate for
any other reason,  including death, disability,  retirement or resignation,  all
Options shall  continue in accordance  with their terms.  In the event of death,
the Options may be exercised by the decedent's personal representative or heirs.

     8. Amendment, Suspension and Discontinuance of the Plan
        ----------------------------------------------------

     The  Board may  discontinue  the Plan at any time and may from time to time
amend or  revise  the terms of the Plan as  permitted  by  applicable  statutes,
except  that  it may  not  revoke  or  alter,  in a  matter  unfavorable  to the
Participants hereunder,  any Options then outstanding.  If not


                                       3
<PAGE>

terminated  by the Board at an earlier  time,  then, at such time as all Options
outstanding under the Plan have either been exercised,  lapsed  unexercised,  or
been  terminated,  forfeited  or cancelled  as provided  herein,  the Plan shall
terminate.

     9. Governing Law
        -------------

     This Plan and all  determinations  made and actions taken  pursuant  hereto
shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

     10. Nontransferability of Options
         -----------------------------


     Options granted under the Plan shall not be transferable  otherwise than by
will or by the laws of descent  and  distribution,  distribution  pursuant  to a
qualified  domestic  relations order as defined by the Internal  Revenue Code of
1986 as  amended,  26 U.S.C.  l et seq. or title l of the  Employee  Retirements
Income  Security  Act or the  rules  thereunder.  Options  may be  exercised  or
otherwise  realized,  during  the  lifetime  of  the  Participant,  only  by the
Participant  or  by  the   Participant's   guardian  or  legal   representative.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted by law, a Participant may
transfer Options to any or all of: the Participant's  spouse,  the Participant's
parents,   the   Participant's   spouse's   parents,   the  descendants  of  the
Participant's  parents,  and  the  descendants  of  the  Participant's  spouse's
parents, one or more trusts for any or all of the foregoing, charities or trusts
for  charities,  with the  knowledge  and approval of the Board.  WARNING:  EACH
PARTICIPANT  SHOULD  CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR  BEFORE  ATTEMPTING  TO TRANSFER
OPTIONS BECAUSE OF POSSIBLE SIGNIFICANT TAX CONSEQUENCES.


     11. Effectiveness of Plan
         ---------------------

     This Plan shall be effective as of February 25, 2003.

     12. General Conditions
         -------------------

     (a) The term  "subsidiary  corporation"  as used in this Plan  shall mean a
corporation in which National Penn owns, directly or indirectly, shares of stock
representing  fifty  percent  or more of the  outstanding  voting  power  of all
classes of stock of such corporation Plan.

     (b) For  purposes  of  Sections 6 and 7 of this Plan,  the term  "director"
means a member of the  "FirstService  Division  Board of  Directors" of National
Penn Bank, a subsidiary of National Penn.

     (c)  References  in this Plan to the Code  shall be deemed to also refer to
the corresponding provisions of any future United States revenue law.

     (d) The use of the  masculine  pronoun  shall  include the feminine  gender
whenever appropriate.






                                       4


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
