<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit10_4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
10.4     PROMISSORY Note

Los Angeles, CA
$300,000.00                                                    March 3, 2003

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned CITA Biomedical, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Maker") hereby promises to pay to the holder hereof ("Holder"),
the principal sum of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00), together with
interest from the date hereof, in accordance with the following terms and
conditions.

         1.  Payment  of  Principal  and  Interest.  Maker  will pay in full the
outstanding  principal  balance of this Note,  along with all accrued and unpaid
interest  thereon,  within one hundred (100)  calendar days from the date hereof
(the "Due Date").

         2. Manner and Place of Payment.  All  payments  under this Note will be
made in lawful money of the United States of America, by cashier's check or wire
transfer  of  immediately  available  funds,  to  Holder at 11111  Santa  Monica
Boulevard, Suite 650, Los Angeles,  California, or at such other place as may be
designated by Holder in writing.

         3. Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of this Note and of each
and every term, covenant and condition herein,  including without limitation all
payment obligations of Maker.

         4.  Interest.   This  Note  shall  bear  and  accrue  interest  on  the
outstanding principal balance and accrued but unpaid interest at the rate of ten
percent (10%) per annum,  compounded  monthly,  commencing as of the date hereof
and continuing through the Due Date.

         5. Default Rate. If Maker fails to pay when due any amount payable with
respect  to any of the  obligations  of  Maker  under  this  Note,  or upon  the
occurrence  of any  other  event of  Default  (defined  in  Paragraph  9 below),
interest shall accrue and be payable on the full outstanding  balance under this
Note at a rate equal to five  percent  (5%) per annum in excess of the  interest
rate specified in Paragraph 4 above,  compounded  monthly,  calculated  from the
date of Default until all amounts payable under the Note are paid in full.

         6. Maximum Rate. If the applicable interest rate set forth in this Note
exceeds the maximum  rate of interest  permitted  by  applicable  law during any
period of this Note,  the interest  rate shall be an amount equal to the maximum
interest rate  permitted by law during any such period.  All  provisions of this
Note are hereby expressly  limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever
shall the amount paid or payable hereunder for the use, forbearance or detention
of money exceed the highest lawful rate permitted under  applicable  usury laws.
If, from any  circumstance  whatsoever,  fulfillment  of any  provisions of this
Note, at the time  performance  of such  provisions  shall be due, shall involve
exceeding the legal interest rate,  then the obligation to be fulfilled shall be
reduced to the limit of legal validity.

         7. Optional  Prepayment.  Maker may, at any time and from time to time,
prepay all or part of the unpaid principal balance or interest evidenced by this
Note, without notice,  premium, or penalty. All amounts prepaid pursuant to this
section  shall be applied  first to any costs,  fees or expenses owed to Holder,
then to any accrued and unpaid interest,  and then to the outstanding  principal
balance of this Note.

         8.  Application  of Payment.  Each  payment due under this Note will be
applied first to any costs,  fees or expenses owed by Maker  hereunder,  then to
the payment of accrued interest then due, and thereafter to the reduction of the
unpaid principal balance of this Note.

         9. Default.  Default shall  include,  but not be limited to, any of the
following: (a) the failure of Maker to make any payment required under this Note
when due;  (b) any  breach,  misrepresentation  or other  default by Maker,  any
guarantor,  or any person or entity other than Maker providing security for this
Note  (individually and collectively,  "Obligor") under any security  agreement,
guaranty or other agreement  between Holder and any Obligor;  (c) the insolvency
of any  Obligor or the failure of any Obligor  generally  to pay such  Obligor's
debts as such debts  become due; (d) the  commencement  as to any Obligor of any
voluntary  or  involuntary  proceeding  under any laws  relating to  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization,  arrangement, debt adjustment or debtor relief; (e)
the assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of such Obligor's  creditors;  (f)
the  appointment or  commencement  of any  proceedings  for the appointment of a
receiver, trustee, custodian or similar official for all or substantially all of
any  Obligor's  property;  (g)  the  commencement  of any  proceedings  for  the
dissolution or liquidation of any Obligor;  (h) the  termination of existence of
any Obligor; (i) the failure of any Obligor to comply with any order,  judgment,
injunction,  decree, writ or demand of any court or other public authority;  (j)
the filing or recording against any Obligor,  or the property of any Obligor, of
any notice or levy,  notice to withhold,  or other legal process for taxes other
than property taxes; (k) the default by any Obligor on any obligation concerning
the borrowing of money; or (l) the issuance against any Obligor, or the property
of any Obligor,  of any writ of attachment,  execution,  or other judicial lien.

                                       19
<PAGE>


10.  Waivers.  Maker,  and any  endorsers of this Note,  for the maximum
period  of time and the full  extent  permitted  by law:  (a)  waive  diligence,
presentiment,  demand,  notice of nonpayment,  protest,  notice of protest,  and
notice of every  kind;  (b) waive the right to assert the defense of any statute
of  limitations  to any debt or  obligation  hereunder;  (c)  waive the right to
require  Holder,  prior to  exercising  any rights  hereunder,  to first proceed
against any Obligor or any security;  (d) waive all other rights and defenses of
any kind, except timely satisfaction in full of all obligations under this Note,
and (e)  consent  to  renewals  and  extensions  of time for the  payment of any
amounts due under this Note.

         11. Remedies Cumulative. All remedies of Holder under this Note and any
guarantee or security  agreement shall be cumulative and concurrent,  and may be
pursued singularly, successively, or together, at the sole discretion of Holder.
No act of omission or commission of Holder,  including  specifically any failure
to exercise  any right,  remedy or  recourse,  shall be deemed to be a waiver or
release  of the same,  such  waiver or  release to be  effected  only  through a
written  document  executed  by Holder and then only to the extent  specifically
recited  therein.  A waiver or release with reference to any one event shall not
be  construed  as  continuing,  as a bar to, or as a waiver or  release  of, any
subsequent  right,  remedy or recourse as to a subsequent  event.

         12.  Attorneys'Fees.  If this Note or any  portion  thereof is not paid
when due,  Maker shall pay all costs of  collection  and  reasonable  attorneys'
fees,  costs  and  expenses  incurred  by  Holder  hereof  on  account  of  such
collection,  whether  or not suit is filed  hereon  and  whether  or not  Holder
prevails in such collection efforts.

         13.  Arbitration.  Any  controversy,  dispute  or claim  of any  nature
whatsoever  arising  out of or  related  to this  Note,  including  the issue of
arbitrability  of any such  dispute,  shall be resolved  by binding  arbitration
before a retired judge at JAMS in Santa Monica, California. The prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover all attorney's fees, costs and expenses in addition
to other allowable costs.

         14.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  and all  acts  and  transactions
pursuant  hereto and the rights and  obligations  of the parties  hereto will be
governed  by,  and  construed  in  accordance  with,  the  laws of the  State of
California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

         15.  Severability.  Every  provision  of this  Note is  intended  to be
severable.  If any term of provision  hereof is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal,  invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever,
such illegality,  invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the balance of
the terms and provisions hereof, which terms and provisions shall remain binding
and enforceable.

         16.  Amendments.  This Note is complete and integrated,  and may not be
modified or amended except in writing signed by both Holder and Maker. Except as
expressly stated herein, no promises,  agreements or representations of any kind
were made to Maker to induce Maker to execute this Note.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has executed this Note as of the date first
written above.

                                         CITA BIOMEDICAL, INC.


                                         By:
                                             -------------------------
                                             Joseph Dunn, President & CEO


                                         By:
                                             -------------------------
                                             Its______________________


                                       20




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
