<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit10_5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>

10.5     GUARANTY

         This Guaranty ("Guaranty") dated as of March 3, 2003 is made by CITA
Americas, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("Guarantor"), to and for the benefit of
the holder ("Holder") of that certain Promissory Note ("Note") made and
delivered by CITA Biomedical, Inc. ("Company") as of the date hereof.

         WHEREAS, Company has this day executed and delivered the Note, which is
incorporated herein by reference, in the original principal amount of Three
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000.00) in connection with a loan for like amount
(the "Loan");

         WHEREAS, the Note and all other documents and instruments executed or
delivered by Company or Guarantor in connection with the Note are referred to
herein collectively as the "Transaction Documents;"

         WHEREAS, the Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company, and
Guarantor expects to derive substantial economic benefit from the Loan; and

         WHEREAS, as a material condition to making the Loan and accepting the
Transaction Documents, Guarantor has agreed to be individually liable with full
recourse for the Liability (as defined below).

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Loan, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Guarantor agrees as follows:

         1.  "Liability" shall mean the full personal and recourse
liability of Guarantor to indemnify Holder for any or all loss, cost, liability,
judgment, claim, damage or expense sustained, suffered or incurred by Holder,
arising out of or attributable or relating to:

(a)      Any  failure by Company to timely pay the entire  principal  balance of
         the Note, and all interest thereon;
(b)      fraud or  misrepresentation  by Company or Guarantor in connection with
         the Loan;
(c)      the  default or material  breach of any  provision,  representation  or
         warranty in any of the Transaction Documents;
(d)      the  misappropriation  or  conversion  by Company or  Guarantor  of any
         Collateral for the Loan;
(e)      attorney's  fees,  costs and expenses arising out of or relating to the
         collection,  enforcement  or defense  of the Note or other  Transaction
         Documents;
(f)      any of the following events: (i) any financial  information  concerning
         Company  or  Guarantor  is  fraudulent  in any  respect,  contains  any
         fraudulent  information or  misrepresents  in any material  respect the
         financial   condition  of  Company  or  Guarantor;   (ii)  a  voluntary
         bankruptcy or insolvency  proceeding is commenced by Company,  or (iii)
         an involuntary  bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding is commenced by any
         party  against  Company  and is not  unconditionally  dismissed  within
         ninety  (90)  days of  filing  (except  if such  involuntary  action is
         brought by Holder).

         2.  Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably
guarantees the prompt satisfaction and discharge of any and all Liability,
without defense, offset, counterclaim or right of subrogation, all of which are
hereby waived. This Guaranty is and shall be construed as a continuing, absolute
and unconditional guaranty of payment, and not as a guaranty of collection. It
is expressly understood and agreed that this is a continuing guaranty and that
the obligations of Guarantor hereunder are and shall be absolute under any and
all circumstances, without regard to the validity, regularity or enforceability
of the Note or the other Transaction Documents, a true copy of each of which
documents Guarantor hereby acknowledges having received and reviewed. Company
and Guarantor shall have full joint and several recourse liability for all sums
due under the Note and other Transaction Documents.

                  (a) Guarantor hereby waives: (i) notice of acceptance
of this Guaranty by Holder and of presentment, demand, protest, notice of
protest and of dishonor, notice of default and all other notices of every kind
or nature now or hereafter provided by agreement or available at law, including,
without limitation, notice of default, notice of intention to accelerate all
sums under the Transaction Documents, and notice of acceleration of all sums
under the Transaction Documents;

                                       21
<PAGE>

(ii) the pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to the  obligations
hereunder;  (iii) any right to require or compel Holder, prior to exercising its
rights  hereunder to first proceed against Company or any security for the Loan,
or to pursue any other remedy available to Holder; and (iv) all rights waived by
Company under the Note.  Holder's  failure to exercise,  or delay in exercising,
any right or power hereunder  shall not operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall
any single or partial exercise by Holder of any right, remedy or power hereunder
preclude  any other or future  exercise  of any  other  right,  remedy or power.
Guarantor acknowledges that if there shall occur any Liability,  Holder may seek
recovery therefore, and may exercise any remedies it may have, against Guarantor
with the same force and effect as if Guarantor  were primary  obligor  under the
Note and the other Transaction Documents.

                  (b)  Guarantor further agrees that the validity of this
Guaranty and the obligations of Guarantor hereunder shall in no way be
terminated, affected or impaired by reason of: (i) the assertion by Holder of
any rights or remedies which it may have under or with respect to the Note or
the other Transaction Documents, against any person obligated thereunder; (ii)
any failure to file or record any of the Transaction Documents or to take or
perfect any security intended to be provided thereby; (iii) the release or
exchange of the Collateral for the Loan; (iv) the commencement of a case under
the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.101 et seq., as amended from time to time (the
"Bankruptcy Code"), by or against any person obligated under the Note or the
other Transaction Documents; or (v) any payment made on the Loan or any other
Liabilities arising under the Note or the other Transaction Documents, whether
made by Company or Guarantor or any other person, which is required to be
refunded pursuant to any bankruptcy or insolvency law; it being understood that
no payment so refunded shall be considered as a payment of any portion of the
Note, nor shall it have the effect of reducing the liability of Guarantor
hereunder. It is further understood that if Company shall have taken advantage
of, or be subject to the protection of, any provision of the Bankruptcy Code,
the effect of which is to prevent or delay Holder from taking any remedial
action against Company, including the exercise of any option Holder has to
declare the Note due and payable on the happening of any Default or event by
which, under the terms of the Transaction Documents, the Note shall become due
and payable, Holder may, as against Guarantor, nevertheless, declare the
Liability due and payable and enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
provided for herein.

         (c) Guarantor  further  covenants:  (i) that this Guaranty shall remain
and  continue  in full force and  effect as to any  modification,  extension  or
renewal of the Note or any of the other Transaction Documents;  (ii) that Holder
shall not be under a duty to  protect,  secure or insure  any  security  or lien
provided by the  Transaction  Documents or other  collateral  for the Loan;  and
(iii) that other  indulgence or  forbearance  may be granted under any or all of
the Transaction Documents, without notice to or further consent of Guarantor.

         (d)  Without   limitation,   Guarantor  hereby  waives  any  rights  of
subrogation,  reimbursement,  indemnification  and  contribution  and any  other
rights and defenses that are or may become available to Guarantor, by reasons of
Section  2787  to  2855,  inclusive,  of  the  California  Civil  Code.  Without
limitation,  Guarantor  waives all rights and defenses  that  Guarantor may have
because this Guaranty is secured by real or personal property. This means, among
other  things:   (i)  the  Holder  may  collect  from  Guarantor  without  first
foreclosing  on  Collateral  and (ii) if the  Holder  forecloses  on  Collateral
pledged by the  Debtor:  (A) the  amount of the debt may be reduced  only by the
price for which that  Collateral is sold at the  foreclosure  sale,  even if the
Collateral is worth more than the sale price and (B) the Holder may collect from
Guarantor even if the Holder,  by foreclosing on the  Collateral,  has destroyed
any  right  Guarantor  may  have  to  collect  from  the  Debtor.   This  is  an
unconditional  and irrevocable  waiver of any rights and defenses  Guarantor may
have because the Debtor's  debt is secured by the  Collateral.  These rights and
defenses  include,  but are not limited  to, any rights or  defenses  based upon
Section 580a,  580b,  580d, or 726 of the  California  Code of Civil  Procedure.
Without limitation, Guarantor also waives all rights and defenses arising out of
an election of remedies by the Holder,  even though that  election of  remedies,
such as a  nonjudicial  foreclosure  with  respect to security  for a guaranteed
obligation,  has destroyed  Guarantor's  rights of subrogation and reimbursement
against the principal by the operation of Section 580d of the California Code of
Civil Procedure or otherwise.

         3.  Guarantor  will  not  convey,   transfer  or  assign,  directly  or
indirectly,  any material  portion of its property of any nature,  whether real,
personal or mixed,  tangible or intangible,  or any interest  therein,  for less
than full and fair consideration.

                                       22
<PAGE>

         4. Any  indebtedness of Company to Guarantor now or hereafter  existing
(including,  without limitation, any rights of subrogation Guarantor may have as
a result of any payment by Guarantor  under this  Guaranty),  together  with any
interest thereon, shall be, and such indebtedness is hereby, deferred, postponed
and subordinated to the prior payment in full of the Note. Until payment in full
of the Note (and including  interest accruing on the Note after the commencement
of a proceeding by or against  Company under the Bankruptcy  Code which interest
the parties  agree shall  remain a claim that is prior and superior to any claim
of Guarantor  notwithstanding  any contrary practice,  custom or ruling in cases
under the Bankruptcy Code generally), Guarantor agrees not to accept any payment
or  satisfaction  of any kind of indebtedness of Company to Guarantor and hereby
assigns such indebtedness to Holder,  including the right to file proof of claim
and to vote thereon in connection with any such proceeding  under the Bankruptcy
Code,  including the right to vote on any plan of  reorganization.  Further,  if
Guarantor shall now or at any time in the future comprise more than two persons,
firms or  corporations,  Guarantor agrees that until such payment in full of the
Note:  (a) no one of  them  shall  accept  payment  from  the  others  by way of
contribution  on account of any payment made  hereunder by such party to Holder;
(b) no one of them will take any action to  exercise  or  enforce  any rights to
such  contribution;  and (c) if any  one of them  should  receive  any  payment,
satisfaction or security for any indebtedness of Company to Guarantor or for any
contribution  by the others of them for payment made  hereunder by the recipient
to Holder,  such payment,  satisfaction or security shall be delivered to Holder
in the form received, endorsed or assigned as may be appropriate for application
on account of, or as security for, the Note and until so delivered shall be held
in trust for Holder as security for the Note.

         5. Guarantor hereby represents, warrants and covenants that he has full
power,  authority  and right to execute,  deliver  and  perform its  obligations
pursuant  to this  Guaranty  and to keep and  observe  all of the  terms of this
Guaranty  on  Guarantor's  respective  part to be  performed.  Guarantor  hereby
further represents, warrants and covenants as follows:

         (a) Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company.

         (b)  The  execution,   delivery  and  performance  of  the  Transaction
Documents  executed  or  delivered  by  Guarantor  and the  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated  thereby:  (i)  have  been  duly  authorized  by  all
requisite  actions;  (ii)  have  been  approved  or  consented  to by all of its
respective  constituent  entities  whose  approval  or consent is required to be
obtained;  (iii) do not  require  the  approval  or consent of any  governmental
authority having jurisdiction over Guarantor or the Collateral;  (iv) do not and
will not constitute a violation of, or default under, the governing  instruments
of Guarantor, or any applicable requirement of a governmental authority; and (v)
will not be in  contravention  of any  court or  administrative  order or ruling
applicable to Guarantor or the Property, or any mortgage, indenture,  agreement,
commitment  or  instrument  to which  Guarantor is a party or by which it or its
assets  are  bound,  nor  create  or cause to be  created  any  mortgage,  lien,
encumbrance,  or  charge  against  the  assets of  Guarantor  other  than  those
permitted by the Transaction Documents.

         (c) Except as already disclosed in writing, there are no actions, suits
or proceedings pending, or, to the knowledge of Guarantor,  threatened,  nor any
pending or, to the knowledge of Guarantor, threatened labor disputes, against or
affecting Guarantor or the Collateral covered by the Transaction  Documents,  or
involving the validity or  enforceability  of the  Transaction  Documents or the
priority of the liens created or to be created thereby,  at law or in equity, or
before or by any governmental authority, which, if adversely determined,  would,
in the determination of Holder, either individually or in the aggregate,  have a
material  adverse  affect  on (i) the  ability  of  Guarantor  to pay all of its
liabilities  or to perform all of its  obligations  in the manner and within the
time  periods  required  under the  Transaction  Documents,  (ii) the  validity,
enforceability or consummation of the Transaction  Documents or the transactions
contemplated  thereby, or (iii) the title to the Collateral,  the permitted uses
of the  Collateral or the value of the  Collateral  provided by the  Transaction
Documents.

         (d) The  Transaction  Documents  to which  Guarantor is a party are the
legal,  valid and binding  obligations of Guarantor,  and are not subject to any
right of rescission,  set-off, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of
usury, nor would the operation of any of the terms of the Transaction Documents,
or the exercise of any right thereunder, render this Guaranty unenforceable,  in
whole or in part, or subject to any right of rescission,  set-off,  counterclaim
or defense, including the defense of usury.

         (e) To Guarantor's  best  knowledge,  since the date of the information
and  documentation  relating to the Collateral  furnished to Holder, no material
change in the Collateral has occurred.

                                       23
<PAGE>

         (f) No default has occurred and is continuing in the performance of any
obligation  of Guarantor or any  affiliate of Guarantor  which would be deemed a
Default  under  the  Transaction  Documents  if  they  were  in  effect,  or any
instruments evidencing, securing or guaranteeing any other loan.

         (g) There exists no fact,  event or disclosure  in connection  with the
Loan that reasonably could be expected to cause the Loan to become delinquent or
otherwise have a material adverse affect on the Loan or the Collateral.

         (h)  Guarantor is and will be, and at all times will hold itself out to
the  public as a legal  entity  separate  and  distinct  from any  other  entity
(including  any  affiliate or  constituent  party of Company or any affiliate or
constituent party of Guarantor).

         6.  Governing  Law. This Guaranty  shall be governed by the laws of the
State  of  California,  without  regard  for  conflicts  of laws  principles  or
otherwise.

         7. Assignment. Guarantor shall not be permitted to assign this
Guaranty without the prior written consent of Holder. Holder may, at any time,
sell, transfer or assign this Guaranty and the Transaction Documents, and any or
all servicing rights with respect thereto, or grant participations therein. Upon
any transfer or proposed transfer contemplated above and by the Transaction
Documents, at Holder's request, Guarantor shall provide an estoppel certificate
to any prospective Holder in such form, substance and detail as Holder, or such
prospective Holder may require.

         8. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Guaranty shall inure to the
benefit of each Holder and their permitted successors and assigns and any
subsequent holder of the Transaction Documents and shall be binding upon
Guarantor and its permitted successors and assigns. Holder may assign this
Guaranty without the prior written consent of Guarantor.

         9. Survival. This Guaranty shall survive any termination, satisfaction,
assignment,  entry of a  judgment  of  foreclosure,  exercise  of power of sale,
acceptance by Holder of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or repayment of the Loan.

         10. Construction. Wherever possible, each provision of this
Guaranty shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Guaranty shall be prohibited by or
invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent
of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such
provision or the remaining provisions of this Guaranty. Capitalized terms not
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Note or other
Transaction Documents.

         11. Remedies Available. The remedies of Holder, as provided
herein or in any other Loan Document, shall be cumulative and concurrent, and
may be pursued singularly, successively or together, at the sole discretion of
Holder, and may be exercised as often as occasion therefore shall arise. No act
of omission or commission of Holder, including specifically any failure to
exercise any right, remedy or recourse, shall be deemed to be a waiver or
release of the same, and any waiver or release with reference to any one event
shall not be construed as continuing or as a bar to, or as a waiver or release
of, any subsequent right, remedy or recourse as to a subsequent event.

         12. Effect of Waiver. No failure to exercise, and no delay in
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall impair any right, power or remedy which Holder may have, nor shall any
such delay be construed to be a waiver of any of such rights, powers or
remedies, or an acquiescence in any breach or default under this Guaranty
Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor shall any waiver of any breach or
default of Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document be deemed a
waiver of any default or breach subsequently occurring. The rights and remedies
herein specified are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies
which Holder would otherwise have.

                                       24
<PAGE>

         13.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be  executed  in any number of
counterparts,  all of which taken  together  shall  constitute  one and the same
instrument  and any of the parties  hereto may execute this Agreement by signing
any such counterpart.

         14.  Entire  Agreement.  This  Guaranty and the  Transaction  Documents
constitute the entire agreement between Guarantor and Holder with respect to the
matters  referred to herein,  and no  modification or waiver of any of the terms
hereof shall be effective  unless in writing,  signed by the party to be charged
with such modification or waiver.


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has executed this Guaranty as of the day
and year first above written.

                                     CITA AMERICAS, INC.

                                     By:

                                         ------------------------------
                                         Its___________________________

                                     By:
                                         ------------------------------
                                         Its___________________________



                                       25


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
