<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g80160exv10w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                                    [FORM OF]
                         SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

         SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT dated as of November 22, 2002 , among
each of the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule I hereto (each such subsidiary
individually, a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors") of AMERICAN
HEALTHWAYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), and SUNTRUST BANK, a
Georgia banking corporation, as administrative agent (the "Administrative
Agent") for the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below).

         Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
Agreement dated as of November 22, 2002 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among the Borrower, the
lenders from time to time party thereto (the "Lenders") and SunTrust Bank, as
administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the "Administrative
Agent"), and issuing bank (in such capacity, the "Issuing Bank"). Capitalized
terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in the Credit Agreement.

         The Lenders have agreed to make Loans to the Borrower, and the Issuing
Bank has agreed to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower,
pursuant to, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions specified in, the
Credit Agreement. Each of the Guarantors is a direct or indirect wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Borrower and acknowledges that it will derive substantial
benefit from the making of the Loans by the Lenders, and the issuance of the
Letters of Credit by the Issuing Bank. The obligations of the Lenders to make
Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit are conditioned on,
among other things, the execution and delivery by the Guarantors of a Subsidiary
Guarantee Agreement in the form hereof. As consideration therefor and in order
to induce the Lenders to make Loans and the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of
Credit, the Guarantors are willing to execute this Subsidiary Guarantee
Agreement.

         Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. Guarantee. Each Guarantor unconditionally guarantees,
jointly with the other Guarantors and severally, as a primary obligor and not
merely as a surety, (a) the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and
premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during the pendency
of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding,
regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans,
when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates
set for prepayment or otherwise, (ii) each payment required to be made by the
Borrower under the Credit Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and
as due, including payments in respect of reimbursement or disbursements,
interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral, and (iii) all other
monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether
primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary
obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or
allowable in such proceeding), of the Loan Parties

<PAGE>

to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents, (b) the due and punctual performance of all covenants,
agreements, obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties under or pursuant to
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and (c) the due and punctual
payment and performance of all obligations of the Borrower, monetary or
otherwise, under each Hedging Agreement entered into with a counterparty that
was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time such Hedging Agreement was
entered into (all the monetary and other obligations referred to in the
preceding clauses (a) through (c) being collectively called the "Obligations").
Each Guarantor further agrees that the Obligations may be extended or renewed,
in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it
will remain bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any extension or renewal of
any Obligation.

         SECTION 2. Obligations Not Waived. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, each Guarantor waives presentment to, demand of payment from and
protest to the Borrower of any of the Obligations, and also waives notice of
acceptance of its guarantee and notice of protest for nonpayment. To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder
shall not be affected by (a) the failure of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or
remedy against the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the provisions of the
Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (b) any rescission,
waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or
provisions of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Guarantee or any
other agreement, including with respect to any other Guarantor under this
Agreement, or (c) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the
release of, any of the security held by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent
or any Lender.

         SECTION 3. Security. Each of the Guarantors authorizes the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders to (a) take and hold security for
payment of this Guarantee and the Obligations and exchange, enforce, waive and
release any such security, (b) apply such security and direct the order or
manner of sale thereof as they in their sole discretion may determine and (c)
release or substitute any one or more endorsees, other guarantors of other
obligors.

         SECTION 4. Guarantee of Payment. Each Guarantor further agrees that its
guarantee constitutes a guarantee of payment when due and not of collection, and
waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent
or any Lender to any of the security held for payment of the Obligations or to
any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative
Agent or any Lender in favor of the Borrower or any other person.

         SECTION 5. No Discharge or Diminishment of Guarantee. The obligations
of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation,
impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in
full in cash of the Obligations), including any claim of waiver, release,
surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Obligations, and shall not be
subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination
whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the
Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or
otherwise affected by the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to
assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under the Credit Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or


<PAGE>

modification of any provision of any thereof, by any default, failure or delay,
willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Obligations, or by any other act
or omission that may or might in any manner or to the extent vary the risk of
any Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of each Guarantor
as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in
cash of all the Obligations).

         SECTION 6. Defenses of Borrower Waived. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense based on or arising out of
any defense of the Borrower or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any
part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of
the Borrower, other than the final and indefeasible payment in full in cash of
the Obligations. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may, at their
election, foreclose on any security held by one or more of them by one or more
judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu
of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Obligations, make any other
accommodation with the Borrower or any other guarantor, without affecting or
impairing in any way the liability of any Guarantor hereunder except to the
extent the Obligations have been fully, finally and indefeasibly paid in cash.
Pursuant to applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any
such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable law, to
impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right
or remedy of such Guarantor against the Borrower or any other Guarantor or
guarantor, as the case may be, or any security.

         SECTION 7. Agreement to Pay; Subordination. In furtherance of the
foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that the Administrative Agent
or any Lender has at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof,
upon the failure of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to pay any Obligation
when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration,
after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Guarantor hereby promises to and
will forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Lenders in cash the amount of such unpaid Obligations. Upon
payment by any Guarantor of any sums to the Administrative Agent, all rights of
such Guarantor against the Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right
of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all
respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible
payment in full in cash of all the Obligations. In addition, any indebtedness of
the Borrower now or hereafter held by any Guarantor is hereby subordinated in
right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations. If any
amount shall erroneously be paid to any Guarantor on account of (i) such
subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any
such indebtedness of the Borrower, such amount shall be held in trust for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall forthwith be paid
to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the
Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the
Loan Documents.

         SECTION 8. Information. Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for
being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower's financial condition and
assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of
the Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that such
Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that none of the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders will have any duty to advise any of the
Guarantors of information known to it or any of them regarding such
circumstances or risks.
<PAGE>

         SECTION 9.  Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor represents
and warrants as to itself that all representations and warranties relating to it
(as a Subsidiary of the Borrower) contained in the Credit Agreement are true and
correct as of the date made.

         SECTION 10. Termination. The guarantees made hereunder (a) shall
terminate when all the Obligations have been paid in full in cash and the
Lenders have no further commitment to lend under the Credit Agreement, the LC
Exposure has been reduced to zero and the Issuing Bank has no further obligation
to issue Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement and (b) shall continue to
be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or
any part thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored
by any Lender or any Guarantor upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the
Borrower, any Guarantor or otherwise. In connection with the foregoing, the
Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to such Guarantor or Guarantor's
designee, at such Guarantor's expense, any documents or instruments which such
Guarantor shall reasonably request from time to time to evidence such
termination and release.

         SECTION 11. Binding Effect; Several Agreement; Assignments. Whenever in
this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be
deemed to include the successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants,
promises and agreements by or on behalf of the Guarantors that are contained in
this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each party hereto and
their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement shall become effective
as to any Guarantor when a counterpart hereof executed on behalf of such
Guarantor shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, and a
counterpart hereof shall have been executed on behalf of the Administrative
Agent, and thereafter shall be binding upon such Guarantor and the
Administrative Agent and their respective successors and assigns, and shall
inure to the benefit of such Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Guarantor
shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations hereunder or any
interest herein (and any such attempted assignment shall be void). If all of the
capital stock of a Guarantor is sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of
pursuant to a transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement, such Guarantor
shall be released from its obligations under this Agreement without further
action. This Agreement shall be construed as a separate agreement with respect
to each Guarantor and may be amended, modified, supplemented, waived or released
with respect to any Guarantor without the approval of any other Guarantor and
without affecting the obligations of any other Guarantor hereunder.

         SECTION 12. Waivers; Amendment. (a) No failure or delay of the
Administrative Agent in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or
power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or
power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right or power. The rights and of the Administrative Agent hereunder and
of the Lenders under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not
exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of
any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Guarantor
therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by
paragraph (b) below, and then such waiver and consent shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand
on any Guarantor in any case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other or
further notice in similar or other circumstances.
<PAGE>

         (b)      Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived,
amended or modified except pursuant to a written agreement entered into between
the Guarantors with respect to which such waiver, amendment or modification
relates and the Administrative Agent, with the prior written consent of the
Required Lenders (except as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement).

         SECTION 13. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE.

         SECTION 14. Notices. All communications and notices hereunder shall be
in writing and given as provided in Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement. All
communications and notices hereunder to each Guarantor shall be given to it at
its address set forth on Schedule I attached hereto.

         SECTION 15. Survival of Agreement; Severability. (a) All covenants,
agreements representations and warranties made by the Guarantors herein and in
the certificates or other instruments prepared or delivered in connection with
or pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Document shall be considered to
have been relied upon by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall
survive the making by the Lenders of the Loans and the issuance of the Letters
of Credit by the Issuing Bank regardless of any investigation made by any of
them or on their behalf, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as
the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any other fee or amount
payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and
unpaid or the LC Exposure does not equal zero and as long as the Commitments
have not been terminated.

         (b)      In the event one or more of the provisions contained in this
Agreement or in any other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a
particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself
affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties
shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which
comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provisions.

         SECTION 16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute a single contract (subject to Section 11), and
shall become effective as provided in Section 11. Delivery of an executed
signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission shall be as effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

         SECTION 17. Rules of Interpretation. The rules of interpretation
specified in Section 1.03 of the Credit Agreement shall be applicable to this
Agreement.

         SECTION 18. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) Each
Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its
property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any Tennessee State court or
Federal court of the United States of America sitting


<PAGE>
in Nashville, Tennessee, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in
respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
Tennessee State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court.
Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank
or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents against any Guarantor or its
properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

         (b)      Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives,
to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that
it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents in any Tennessee State or Federal court. Each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense
of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any
such court.

         (c)      Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service
of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 14. Nothing in this
Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law.

         SECTION 19. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF,
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. EACH
PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER
INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 19.

         SECTION 20. Additional Guarantors. Pursuant to Section 5.12 of the
Credit Agreement, each Subsidiary Loan Party that was not in existence on the
date of the Credit Agreement is required to enter into this Agreement as a
Guarantor upon becoming Subsidiary Loan Party. Upon execution and delivery after
the date hereof by the Administrative Agent and such Subsidiary of an instrument
in the form of Annex 1, such Subsidiary shall become a Guarantor hereunder with
the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor herein. The
execution and delivery of any instrument adding an additional Guarantor as a
party to this Agreement shall not require the consent of any other Guarantor
hereunder. The rights and obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall remain
in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Guarantor as a
party to this Agreement.


<PAGE>

         SECTION 21. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, each Lender and the Issuing Bank are hereby authorized at any
time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off
and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional
or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such
Lender or the Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor
against any or all the obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents held by such Lender or the
Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Person shall have made any
demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such
obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender and the Issuing Bank
under this Section 21 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff) which such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may
be, may have.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                GUARANTORS:

                                AMERICAN HEALTHWAY SERVICES, INC.


                                By:
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                CARESTEPS.COM, INC.


                                By:
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                AXONAL INFORMATION SOLUTIONS, INC.


                                By:
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

ACCEPTED BY:

SUNTRUST BANK, as
Administrative Agent

By:
   ----------------------
     Name:
     Title:


<PAGE>


                                SCHEDULE I TO THE
                         SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         GUARANTOR(S)                                                  ADDRESS
         ------------                                                  -------
         <S>                                                           <C>
         American Healthways Services, Inc.                            3841 Green Hills Village Drive
                                                                       Suite 300
                                                                       Nashville, Tennessee 37230-5110

         CareSteps.com., Inc.                                          3841 Green Hills Village Drive
                                                                       Suite 300
                                                                       Nashville, Tennessee 37230-5110

         Axonal Information Solutions, Inc.                            3841 Green Hills Village Drive
                                                                       Suite 300
                                                                       Nashville, Tennessee 37230-5110
</TABLE>






<PAGE>


                                 ANNEX 1 TO THE
                         SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

         SUPPLEMENT NO. [        ] dated as of [      ], to the Subsidiary
Guarantee Agreement (the "Guarantee Agreement") dated as of [      ] among each
of the subsidiaries listed on Schedule I thereto (each such Subsidiary
individually, a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors") of AMERICAN
HEALTHWAYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), and SUNTRUST BANK, a
Georgia banking corporation, as Administrative Agent (the "Administrative
Agent") for the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below).

         A.       Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
Agreement dated as of November 22, 2002 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among the Borrower, the
lenders from time to time party thereto (the "Lenders") and SunTrust Bank, as
Administrative Agent, and issuing bank (in such capacity, the "Issuing Bank").
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

         B.       Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Guarantee Agreement and
the Credit Agreement.

         C.       The Guarantors have entered into the Guarantee Agreement in
order to induce the Lenders to make Loans and the Issuing Bank to issue Letters
of Credit. Pursuant to Section 5.12 of the Credit Agreement, each Subsidiary
Loan Party that was not in existence or not a Subsidiary Loan Party on the date
of the Credit Agreement is required to enter into the Guarantee Agreement as a
Guarantor upon becoming a Subsidiary Loan Party. Section 20 of the Guarantee
Agreement provides that additional Subsidiaries of the Borrower may become
Guarantors under the Guarantee Agreement by execution and delivery of an
instrument in the form of this Supplement. The undersigned Subsidiary of the
Borrower (the "New Guarantor") is executing this Supplement in accordance with
the requirements of the Credit Agreement to become a Guarantor under the
Guarantee Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to make additional Loans and
the Issuing Bank to issue additional Letters of Credit and as consideration for
Loans previously made and Letters of Credit previously issued.

         Accordingly, the Administrative Agent and the New Guarantor agree as
follows:

         SECTION 1. In accordance with Section 20 of the Guarantee Agreement,
the New Guarantor by its signature below becomes a Guarantor under the Guarantee
Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a
Guarantor and the New Guarantor hereby (a) agrees to all the terms and
provisions of the Guarantee Agreement applicable to it as Guarantor thereunder
and (b) represents and warrants that the representations and warranties made by
it as a Guarantor thereunder are true and correct on and as of the date hereof.
Each reference to a Guarantor in the Guarantee Agreement shall be deemed to
include the New Guarantor. The Guarantee Agreement is hereby incorporated herein
by reference.


<PAGE>

         SECTION 2. The New Guarantor represents and warrants to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders that this Supplement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and
binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

         SECTION 3. This Supplement may be executed in counterparts each of
which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall
constitute a single contract. This Supplement shall become effective when the
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Supplement that,
when taken together, bear the signatures of the New Guarantor and the
Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Supplement
by facsimile transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed
counterpart of this Supplement.

         SECTION 4. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Guarantee
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

         SECTION 5. THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE.

         SECTION 6. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this
Supplement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein and in the Guarantee Agreement shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular
provision hereof in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect
the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties hereto
shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which
comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable
provisions.

         SECTION 7. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing
and given as provided in Section 14 of the Guarantee Agreement. All
communications and notices hereunder to the New Guarantor shall be given to it
at the address set forth under its signature below, with a copy to the Borrower.

         SECTION 8. The New Guarantor agrees to reimburse the Administrative
Agent for its out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Supplement,
including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for the
Administrative Agent.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Guarantor and the Administrative Agent have
duly executed this Supplement to the Guarantee Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

                                     [Name of New Guarantor]


                                     By:
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
                                              Address:


                                     SUNTRUST BANK, as
                                     Administrative Agent


                                     By:
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
