<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ifcserp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPL EXEC RET PLAN
<TEXT>
                                     INTRUST
                              Financial Corporation




                             SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE
                                 RETIREMENT PLAN




                            EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2002



<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


       GENERAL

        1.1              Establishment and Purpose                          1
        1.2              Beneficiary                                        1
        1.3              Change of Control                                  1
        1.4              Compensation                                       1
        1.5              Company                                            1
        1.6              Board of Directors                                 1
        1.7              ERISA                                              2
        1.8              Internal Revenue Code                              2
        1.9              Key Executive                                      2
        1.10             Participant                                        2
        1.11             Plan Administrator                                 2
        1.12             Plan Year                                          2
        1.13             Retirement Date                                    2

       PARTICIPATION

        2.1              Eligibility for Participation                      3
        2.2              Participation not Contract of Employment           3
        2.3              Noncompete                                         3


       RETIREMENT BENEFITS

        3.1              Accrued Monthly Benefit                            4
        3.2              Accrued Monthly Benefit Computation                4
        3.3              Assumptions and Rules                              4

       PAYMENT OF BENEFITS

        4.1              Fully Vested Benefits                              5
        4.2              Forfeitures                                        5
        4.3              Form of Payment                                    5


       WITHHOLDING OF TAXES

        5.1              Withholding of Taxes                               6
<PAGE>

                              TABLE OF CONTENTS

       PLAN ADMINISTRATOR

        6.1              Membership and Authority                           7
        6.2              Delegation                                         7
        6.3              Information to be Furnished                        7
        6.4              Plan Administrator's Decision Final                8
        6.5              Remuneration and Expenses                          8
        6.6              Indemnification of Committee Member                8
        6.7              Resignation or Removal of Committee Member         8
        6.8              Appointment of Successor Committee Members         8
        6.9              Interested Committee Member                        8

       AMENDMENTS OF THE PLAN

        7.1              Board of Directors                                 9

       PERMANENCY OF THE PLAN

        8.1              Termination of Plan                               10

       MISCELLANEOUS

        9.1              Company Action                                    11
        9.2              Company Records                                   11
        9.3              Evidence                                          11
        9.4              Waiver of Notice                                  11
        9.5              Gender and Number                                 11
        9.6              Controlling Law                                   11

       BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

       10.1              Designation of Beneficiaries                      12

       FUNDING

       11.1              Funding                                           13

       AFFIDAVIT                                                           14

       ADDENDUM                                                            15



<PAGE>




                          INTRUST Financial Corporation
                     Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan


                                    SECTION 1
                                    ---------

                                     GENERAL


1.1      Establishment and Purpose

         (a)      INTRUST Financial Corporation hereby establishes the
                  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("Plan") effective on
                  January 1, 2002 ("Effective Date").

         (b)      The purpose of this Plan is to promote the interest of the
                  Company by providing a method to reward those eligible
                  employees who hold key positions within the Company and have
                  provided the Company with outstanding service with their
                  experience and ability. This Plan will provide for improved
                  retirement benefits for these Key Executives by providing them
                  a target retirement benefit to be offset by benefits provided
                  under qualified retirement plan sponsored by the Company and
                  by their Social Security Benefit. The Plan will provide an
                  additional incentive to remain in the employ of the Company
                  and increase their personal interest in its continued success.

1.2      "Beneficiary"  means the person or persons to whom a deceased
         Participant's  benefits are payable  under  Section 10.1 of the Plan.

1.3      "Change in Control Date" shall mean the date a change in ownership of
         greater than fifty percent (50%) either with regard to voting rights or
         value immediately after any change in ownership involving a five
         percent (5%) owner.

1.4      "Compensation" shall mean the definition provided for in the Employees'
         Retirement Plan, however, Compensation shall be computed without regard
         to any limitations imposed by Code Section 401(a)(17).

1.5      "Company" shall refer to INTRUST Financial Corporation or any of its
         subsidiaries or affiliates.

                                       1

<PAGE>



1.6      "Board of Directors" shall refer to the members of the Board of
         Directors of the Company.


1.7      "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
         as amended from time to time. This Plan, a non-qualified deferred
         compensation plan, is not intended to be subject to ERISA except for
         the limited reporting and disclosure requirements established by the
         Department of Labor.

1.8      "Internal Revenue Code" or "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code
         of 1986, as amended from time to time. References to any Section of the
         Internal Revenue Code shall include any successor provision thereto.

1.9      "Key Executive" means an officer or high level employee of the Company
         who is involved in policy-making decisions or the management of a large
         group of employees on behalf of the Company.

1.10     "Participant"  shall mean any Key  Executive  of the Company that is
         selected  for  participation  in the Plan by the Board of Directors.

1.11     "Plan Administrator" shall mean the committee appointed by the Board to
         serve in this capacity.

1.12     "Plan Year" shall be the 12-month period beginning January 1 and ending
         December 31.

1.13     "Retirement Plan" shall mean the INTRUST Financial Corporation
         Employees' Retirement Plan, as amended from time to time.












                                       2


<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 2

                                  PARTICIPATION


2.1      ELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION.  Certain Key  Executives of the
         Company are eligible to  participate  in the Plan at the sole
         discretion and designation by the Board of Directors.

         Eligibility does not guarantee any Participant the right to receive any
         benefit hereunder or to continued participation hereunder.

2.2      PARTICIPATION NOT CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. The Plan does not constitute
         a contract of employment, and participation in the Plan will not give
         any Participant the right to continue in the employ of the Company or
         to provide services thereto or shall interfere in any way with the
         right of the Company to terminate the employment of the Participant or
         give any right or claim to any benefit under the terms of the Plan
         unless such right or claim is specifically vested under the terms of
         the Plan.

2.3      NONCOMPETE. The Participant shall not, during his/her employment or for
         the three-year period commencing on his/her termination of employment
         date, engage in competition with the Company, directly or indirectly,
         without the specific authority of the Company's Board of Directors,
         serve as a director or employee of any corporation or business entity
         so engaged. Further Participant will not, either during or after
         his/her employment under this agreement, disclose to anyone not legally
         entitled thereto any confidential information relative to the business
         of the Company.

         If any breach shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days after the
         Company shall have requested him/her to desist from such breach, then,
         any of the provisions hereof to the contrary notwithstanding, no
         further payments shall be due or payable by the Company hereunder
         either to the Participant or his/her spouse or other designee, and the
         Company shall have no further liability hereunder.






                                       3

<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 3

                               RETIREMENT BENEFITS


3.1      ACCRUED MONTHLY BENEFIT. Accrued Monthly Benefit means a monthly
         benefit payable to a Participant (or Beneficiary in the case of death)
         following a termination date and beginning at the benefit commencement
         date as provided under the Retirement Plan.

3.2      ACCRUED MONTHLY BENEFIT COMPUTATION. Accrued Monthly Benefit shall be
         equal to the difference between (a) the Participant's accrued benefit
         under the Retirement Plan determined as if the limitations of Code
         Section 415 and 401(a)(1) did not apply, and any provisions of the
         Retirement Plan incorporating such limitations, were inapplicable, and
         (b) the Participant's actual accrued benefit under the Retirement Plan

3.3      ASSUMPTIONS AND RULES.  For purposes of Section 3.2 the following
         assumptions and rules shall apply:

         (a)      The same benefit payment commencement date shall be used to
                  determine the amount of the Participant's accrued benefit
                  under the Retirement Plan;

         (b)      Each of the calculations of the benefit shall be made based
                  upon payment in the form of a fifteen year certain annuity;

         (c)      When calculating the amount of any benefit payable under the
                  Retirement Plan, all provisions applicable to such benefit
                  shall be applied, such as early retirement benefit reduction
                  factors with respect to early retirement benefits payable
                  prior to normal retirement age.

         In the event either the Plan or the Retirement Plan is amended, the
         Company will review each such amendment and, in its sole discretion,
         make such changes as it determines to be appropriate in the Plan and
         any calculations to be made in connection therewith.





                                       4
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 4

                               PAYMENT OF BENEFITS


4.1      FULLY VESTED BENEFITS. Participants shall be fully vested in their
         Accrued Benefit under the Plan upon (i) the attainment of Normal
         Retirement Age, (ii) the attainment of Early Retirement Age, (iii) a
         Disability, or (iv) Death, as such terms are defined in the Retirement
         Plan. Further, Participants shall be fully vested in their Accrued
         Benefit upon a Change in Control Date or the termination of the Plan.

4.2      FORFEITURES. Upon termination of employment, all non-vested benefits
         shall be forfeited.

4.3.     FORM OF PAYMENT. The Accrued Benefit under the Plan shall be paid on
         the same date that payments commence to such Participant under the
         Retirement plan in the Key Employee is a participant. The form of such
         payment shall be the same as any one of the forms of benefit elected by
         and payable to such Key Employee under the Retirement Plan.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Accrued Benefit under the
         Plan payable to the Key Employee shall be paid in the form of a lump
         sum if its actuarial value, calculated according to the actuarial
         assumptions in the Retirement Plan, does not exceed $5,000.



















                                       5
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 5

                              WITHHOLDING OF TAXES


5.1      TAX WITHHOLDING. The Plan Administrator shall have the right to retain
         and withhold from payment of the vested portion of any distribution,
         the amount of taxes required by any government to be withheld or
         otherwise be deducted and paid with respect to such payment.


































                                       6

<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 6

                               PLAN ADMINISTRATOR


6.1      MEMBERSHIP AND AUTHORITY. The Plan Administrator referred to in Section
         1.11 shall consist of one or more members who shall be appointed by the
         Board of Directors of the Company. Except as otherwise specifically
         provided for in this Section 6, in controlling and managing the
         operation and administration of the Plan, the Plan Admininstrator shall
         act by a majority of its then members, by meeting or by writing filed
         without meeting, and the Plan Administrator shall have the following
         powers, rights and duties in addition to those vested in it elsewhere
         in the Plan:

         (a)      To adopt such rules of procedure and regulations as, in its
                  opinion, may be necessary for the proper and efficient
                  administration of the Plan and as are consistent with the
                  provisions of the Plan.
         (b)      To enforce the Plan in accordance with its terms and with such
                  applicable rules and regulations as may be adopted.
         (c)      To determine all questions arising under the Plan, including
                  the power to determine the rights or eligibility of employees
                  or Participants and their Beneficiaries and their respective
                  benefits, and to remedy ambiguities, inconsistencies or
                  omissions.
         (d)      To maintain and keep adequate records concerning the Plan and
                  concerning its proceedings and acts in such form and detail as
                  the Plan Administrator may decide.
         (e)      To direct all payments of benefits under the Plan. The
                  certificate of a majority of the members of the Plan
                  Administrator that the Plan Administrator has taken or
                  authorized any action shall be conclusive in favor of any
                  person relying on the certificate.

6.2      DELEGATION. In exercising its authority to control and manage the
         operation and administration of the Plan, the Plan Administrator may
         employ agents and counsel (who may also be employed by the Company) and
         to delegate to them such powers as the Plan Administrator deems
         desirable.

6.3      INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED. The Company shall furnish the Plan
         Administrator such data and information as may be required. The records
         of the Company as to Participant's period of employment, termination of
         employment and the reason therefore, leave of absence and compensation
         will be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect.


                                       7

<PAGE>


6.4      PLAN ADMINISTRATOR'S DECISION FINAL. To the extent permitted by law,
         any interpretation of the Plan and any decision on any matter within
         the discretion of the Plan Administrator made in good faith is binding
         on all persons. A misstatement or other mistake of fact shall be
         corrected when it becomes known, and the Plan Administrator shall make
         such adjustment on account thereof as it considers equitable and
         practicable.

6.5      REMUNERATION AND EXPENSES. No remuneration shall be paid to the Plan
         Administrator (or any member) as such. However, the reasonable expenses
         of the Plan Administrator (or a member) incurred in the performance of
         the administration of the Plan shall be reimbursed by the Company.

6.6      INDEMNIFICATION OF MEMBER. The Plan Administrator and the individual
         members thereof shall be indemnified by the Company against any and all
         liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including fees and expenses)
         of whatsoever kind and nature which may be imposed on, incurred by or
         asserted against the Plan Administrator or the members by reason of the
         performance of a function if the Plan Administrator or such members did
         not act dishonestly or in willful or negligent violation of the law or
         regulations under which such liability, loss, cost or expense arises.

6.7      RESIGNATION OR REMOVAL OF MEMBER.  A member  may  resign at any time by
         giving ten (10) days  advance  written  notice to the Company and the
         other  members.  The  Company  may remove a member by giving  advance
         written  notice to him or her,  and the other members.

6.8      APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR MEMBERS. The Company may fill any vacancy in
         the membership of the Plan Administrator and shall give prompt written
         notice thereof to the other members. While there is a vacancy in the
         membership of the Committee, the remaining members shall have the same
         powers as the full Committee until the vacancy is filled.

6.9      INTERESTED MEMBER. A member of the Plan Administrator may not decide or
         determine any matter or question concerning his or her own benefits
         under the Plan or as to how he or she is to be paid unless such
         decision could be made by him or her under the Plan if he were not a
         member of the Plan Administrator.





                                       8

<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 7

                             AMENDMENTS OF THE PLAN


7.1      BOARD OF DERECTORS. The Board of Directors of the Company may amend the
         Plan at any time pursuant to written resolutions adopted by such Board
         of Directors. No such amendment, however, shall (a) be effective
         without written consent from the Participant, or (b) have the effect of
         reducing any Participant's benefit which, at the time of the amendment,
         was nonforfeitable in accordance with the vesting schedule under
         Sections 4.1.






























                                       9
<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 8

                             PERMANENCY OF THE PLAN


8.1      TERMINATION OF PLAN. The Company contemplates that the Plan shall be
         permanent. Nevertheless, in recognition of the fact that future
         conditions and circumstances cannot now be entirely foreseen, the
         Company reserves the right to terminate the Plan by action of the Board
         of Directors.

         If the Plan is terminated by Action of the Board of Directors, all
         Participant's shall be fully vested in their then Accrued Monthly
         Benefit at the date of termination. All future benefit accruals shall
         cease.


























                                       10

<PAGE>


                                    SECTION 9

                                  MISCELLANEOUS


9.1      COMPANY ACTION.  Except as may be specifically provided herein, any
         action required or permitted to be taken by the Company may be taken on
         behalf of the Company by any officer of the Company.

9.2      COMPANY RECORDS.  Records of the Company as to Participant's period of
         employment, termination of employment and the reason therefore, leaves
         of absence, reemployment and Compensation will be conclusive on all
         persons, unless determined to be incorrect.

9.3      EVIDENCE. Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by
         certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person
         acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and may be signed, made
         or presented by the proper party or parties.

9.4      WAIVER OF NOTICE. Any notice required under the Plan may be waived by
         the person entitled to notice.

9.5      GENDER AND NUMBER. Where the context permits, words in the masculine
         gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, the plural shall
         include the singular, and the singular shall include the plural.

9.6      CONTROLLING LAW. The laws of the State of Kansas shall be the
         controlling state law in all matters relating to the Plan and shall
         apply to the extent that it is not preempted by the laws of the United
         States of America.













                                       11
<PAGE>


                                   SECTION 10

                             BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION


10.1     DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARIES. Each Participant from time to time, by
         signing a form furnished by the Plan Administrator, may designate any
         person or persons (who may be designated concurrently, contingently or
         successively) to whom his or her benefits under the Plan are to be paid
         if he or she dies before the Participant receives all such benefits. A
         Beneficiary designation form will be effective only when the form is
         filed in writing with the Plan Administrator while the Participant is
         alive and will cancel all Beneficiary designation forms previously
         signed and filed by the Participant.

         If a Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary before his or her
         death as provided above, or if the Beneficiary designated by a deceased
         Participant dies before the Participant, the Plan Administrator, in its
         discretion, may make distribution of the Participant's benefits as
         prescribed under the Retirement Plan.























                                       12
<PAGE>


                                   SECTION 11

                                     FUNDING


11.1     FUNDING. Nothing contained in this Plan and no action taken pursuant to
         the provisions of this Plan shall create or be construed to create a
         trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and
         Participant or his or her Beneficiary. To the extent that any person
         acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under this Plan,
         such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general
         creditor of the Company.






























                                       13
<PAGE>


                          INTRUST Financial Corporation
                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


                                    AFFIDAVIT



The Company hereby agrees to the provisions of this Plan, and, in Witness
Thereof, the Company causes this Agreement to be executed on this 10th day of
September, 2002.




INTRUST Financial Corporation


By: Jay Smith
    -------------------------


Attest:  Dennis P. Denning
         --------------------

















                                       14
<PAGE>


                          INTRUST Financial Corporation
                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


                                    ADDENDUM



The following Key Executives of INTRUST Financial Corporation have been selected
to be Participants in the INTRUST Financial Corporation Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan as of the Effective Date of the Plan:



               Name                                         Title
               ----                                         -----


      Charles Q. Chandler IV                   Chairman of the Board and CEO
      Ronald L. Baldwin                        Vice Chairman, Retail Banking
      Rick L. Beach                            EVP and Chief Credit Officer
      Steve L. Hipp                            EVP and Chief Technical Officer
      Jay L. Smith                             EVP and Chief Financial Officer




















                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
