<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>form10q_12093.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 LT DISABILITY PLAN EXEC.
<TEXT>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.3

Long Term Disability Plan
Executive Staff

Policy No. 517969.011
Underwritten by Unum Life Insurance Company of America
As amended 1-1-2002
As restated 07-2002
National Semiconductor Corporation
Your Group Long Term Disability Plan


CERTIFICATE OF COVERAGE

This  certificate  of coverage  does not apply unless this space is covered by a
sticker  indicating  the  employee's  name,  policy number and effective date of
coverage.

Unum Life Insurance  Company of America  (referred to as Unum) welcomes you as a
client.

This is your  certificate  of coverage as long as you are  eligible for coverage
and you become insured. You will want to read it carefully and keep it in a safe
place.

Unum has written your certificate of coverage in plain English.  However,  a few
terms and  provisions  are written as required by insurance law. If you have any
questions  about any of the terms and  provisions,  please consult Unum's claims
paying  office.  Unum will  assist  you in any way to help you  understand  your
benefits.  If the terms and provisions of the certificate of coverage (issued to
you) are different from the policy (issued to the policyholder), the policy will
govern.  Your coverage may be cancelled or changed in whole or in part under the
terms and provisions of the policy.

The  policy  is  delivered  in and is  governed  by the  laws  of the  governing
jurisdiction  and to the extent  applicable  by the Employee  Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and any amendments.

When making a benefit  determination  under the policy,  Unum has  discretionary
authority to determine your  eligibility for benefits and to interpret the terms
and provisions of the policy.

For purposes of effective  dates and ending  dates under the group  policy,  all
days  begin  at  12:01  a.m.  and end at 12:00  midnight  at the  Policyholder's
address.
<PAGE>

Unum Life Insurance Company of America
2211 Congress Street
Portland, Maine 04122

BENEFITS AT A GLANCE

LONG TERM DISABILITY PLAN

This long term disability plan provides financial protection for you by paying a
portion of your income while you are  disabled.  The amount you receive is based
on the amount you earned before your disability  began.  In some cases,  you can
receive disability payments even if you work while you are disabled.

EMPLOYER'S ORIGINAL PLAN
EFFECTIVE DATE: July 1, 1997

POLICY NUMBER: 517969 011

ELIGIBLE GROUP(S): U.S. Executive Committee in active employment

MINIMUM HOURS REQUIREMENT: Employees must be working at least 30 hours per week.

WAITING PERIOD:
For employees in an eligible group on or before July 1, 1997: None
For employees entering an eligible group after July 1, 1997: None

REHIRE:
If your employment ends and you are rehired within 12 months, your previous work
while in an  eligible  group will apply  toward the  waiting  period.  All other
policy provisions apply.

WHO PAYS FOR THE COVERAGE: You pay the cost of your coverage.

ELIMINATION PERIOD: 360 days
Benefits begin the day after the elimination period is completed.

MONTHLY  BENEFIT:  60% of monthly  earnings to a maximum  benefit of $20,000 per
month.  Your  payment  may be  reduced  by  deductible  sources  of  income  and
disability  earnings.  Some  disabilities may not be covered or may have limited
coverage under this plan.
<PAGE>



MAXIMUM PERIOD OF PAYMENT:
Age at Disability          Maximum Period of Payment

Less than age 60           To age 65, but not less than 5 years
Age 60                     60 months
Age 61                     48 months
Age 62                     42 months
Age 63                     36 months
Age 64                     30 months
Age 65                     24 months
Age 66                     21 months
Age 67                     18 months
Age 68                     15 months
Age 69 and over            12 months

No premium  payments  are  required for your  coverage  while you are  receiving
payments under this plan.

OTHER FEATURES:
Continuity of Coverage
Minimum Benefit
Pre-Existing: 3/12
Survivor Benefit

The above items are only highlights of this plan. For a full description of your
coverage, continue reading your certificate of coverage section.

CLAIM INFORMATION

LONG TERM DISABILITY

WHEN DO YOU NOTIFY UNUM OF A CLAIM?

We encourage you to notify us of your claim as soon as possible, so that a claim
decision  can be made in a timely  manner.  Written  notice of a claim should be
sent within 30 days after the date your  disability  begins.  However,  you must
send  Unum  written  proof  of your  claim  no  later  than 90 days  after  your
elimination  period. If it is not possible to give proof within 90 days, it must
be given no later than 1 year after the time proof is otherwise  required except
in the  absence  of legal  capacity.  The  claim  form is  available  from  your
Employer,  or you can  request a claim form from us. If you do not  receive  the
form from Unum within 15 days of your request,  send Unum written proof of claim
without waiting for the form. You must notify us immediately  when you return to
work in any capacity.

<PAGE>

HOW DO YOU FILE A CLAIM?

You and your Employer must fill out your own sections of the claim form and then
give it to your attending  physician.  Your physician should fill out his or her
section of the form and send it directly to Unum.

WHAT INFORMATION IS NEEDED AS PROOF OF YOUR CLAIM?

Your proof of claim, provided at your expense, must show:

- that you are under the regular care of a physician;
- the appropriate documentation of your monthly earnings;
- the date your disability began;
- the cause of your disability;
-  the  extent  of  your  disability,  including  restrictions  and  limitations
preventing you from performing your regular occupation; and
- the name and  address  of any  hospital  or  institution  where  you  received
treatment, including all attending physicians.

We may request that you send proof of continuing  disability indicating that you
are under the regular care of a physician. This proof, provided at your expense,
must be received within 45 days of a request by us.

In some  cases,  you will be  required  to give  Unum  authorization  to  obtain
additional medical information and to provide non-medical information as part of
your  proof of claim,  or proof of  continuing  disability.  Unum will deny your
claim,  or stop sending you  payments,  if the  appropriate  information  is not
submitted.

TO WHOM WILL UNUM MAKE PAYMENTS?

Unum will make payments to you.

WHAT HAPPENS IF UNUM OVERPAYS YOUR CLAIM?

Unum has the right to recover any overpayments due to:

- fraud;
- any error Unum makes in processing a claim; and
- your receipt of deductible sources of income.

You must  reimburse  us in full.  We will  determine  the  method  by which  the
repayment is to be made.
<PAGE>

Unum will not recover more money than the amount we paid you.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

WHAT IS THE CERTIFICATE OF COVERAGE?

This  certificate  of coverage is a written  statement  prepared by Unum and may
include attachments. It tells you:

- the coverage for which you may be entitled;
- to whom Unum will make a payment; and
- the limitations, exclusions and requirements that apply within a plan.

WHEN ARE YOU ELIGIBLE FOR COVERAGE?

If you are working for your  Employer  in an  eligible  group,  the date you are
eligible for coverage is the later of:

- the plan effective date; or
- the day after you complete your waiting period.

WHEN DOES YOUR COVERAGE BEGIN?

When your Employer pays 100% of the cost of your coverage under a plan, you will
be covered at 12:01 a.m. on the date you are eligible for coverage. When you and
your Employer  share the cost of your coverage under a plan or when you pay 100%
of the cost yourself, you will be covered at 12:01 a.m. on the latest of:

- the date you are  eligible  for  coverage,  if you apply for  insurance  on or
before that date;
- the date you  apply for  insurance,  if you apply  within 31 days  after  your
eligibility date; or
- the date Unum  approves  your  application,  if  evidence of  insurability  is
required.

Evidence of insurability is required if you:

- are a late  applicant,  which means you apply for  coverage  more than 31 days
after the date you are eligible for coverage; or
- voluntarily cancelled your coverage and are reapplying.

An evidence of insurability form can be obtained from your Employer.

WHAT IF YOU ARE ABSENT FROM WORK ON THE DATE YOUR COVERAGE WOULD NORMALLY BEGIN?
<PAGE>

If you are absent from work due to injury,  sickness,  temporary layoff or leave
of  absence,  your  coverage  will  begin  on the  date  you  return  to  active
employment.

ONCE YOUR COVERAGE BEGINS, WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU ARE TEMPORARILY NOT WORKING?

If you are on a temporary  layoff,  and if premium is paid,  you will be covered
through  the end of the month that  immediately  follows the month in which your
temporary layoff begins.

If you are on a leave of  absence,  and if premium is paid,  you will be covered
through  the end of the month that  immediately  follows the month in which your
leave of absence begins.

WHEN WILL CHANGES TO YOUR COVERAGE TAKE EFFECT?

Once your coverage begins, any increased or additional coverage will take effect
immediately if you are in active employment or if you are on a covered layoff or
leave of absence. If you are not in active employment due to injury or sickness,
any increased or additional coverage will begin on the date you return to active
employment.

Any  decrease in coverage  will take  effect  immediately  but will not affect a
payable claim that occurs prior to the decrease.

WHEN DOES YOUR COVERAGE END?

Your coverage under the policy or a plan ends on the earliest of:

- the date the policy or a plan is cancelled;
- the date you no longer are in an eligible group;
- the date your eligible group is no longer covered;
- the last day of the period for which you made any required contributions; or
- the last day you are in active employment except as provided under the covered
layoff or leave of absence provision.

Unum will  provide  coverage  for a payable  claim  which  occurs  while you are
covered under the policy or plan.

WHAT ARE THE TIME LIMITS FOR LEGAL PROCEEDINGS?

You can start legal action regarding your claim 60 days after proof of claim has
been given and up to 3 years from the time  proof of claim is  required,  unless
otherwise provided under federal law.
<PAGE>

HOW CAN STATEMENTS MADE IN YOUR APPLICATION FOR THIS COVERAGE BE USED?

Unum considers any statements you or your Employer make in a signed  application
for coverage a representation  and not a warranty.  If any of the statements you
or your  Employer  make are not  complete  and/or  not true at the time they are
made, we can:

- reduce or deny any claim; or
- cancel your coverage from the original effective date.

We will use only  statements  made in a signed  application as a basis for doing
this.

If the Employer gives us information about you that is incorrect, we will:

- use the facts to decide  whether you have coverage  under the plan and in what
amounts; and
- make a fair adjustment of the premium.

HOW WILL UNUM HANDLE INSURANCE FRAUD?

Unum wants to ensure you and your  Employer  do not incur  additional  insurance
costs as a result of the undermining  effects of insurance fraud.  Unum promises
to focus on all means necessary to support fraud detection,  investigation,  and
prosecution.

Any person who  knowingly  files a statement  of claim  containing  any false or
misleading information is subject to criminal and civil penalties.

In addition,  submission of false  information in connection with the claim form
may also constitute a crime under federal laws. Unum will pursue any appropriate
legal  remedies in the event of insurance  fraud,  including  prosecuting  under
federal mail fraud,  federal wire fraud, and/or the federal Racketeer Influenced
and Corrupt Organizations Act statutes.  Any false statements made herein may be
reported to state and federal tax and regulatory authorities as is appropriate.

DOES THE POLICY REPLACE OR AFFECT ANY WORKERS'  COMPENSATION OR STATE DISABILITY
INSURANCE?

The policy  does not  replace or affect the  requirements  for  coverage  by any
workers' compensation or state disability insurance.
<PAGE>

DOES YOUR EMPLOYER ACT AS YOUR AGENT OR UNUM'S AGENT?

For  purposes of the  policy,  your  Employer  acts on its own behalf or as your
agent. Under no circumstances will your Employer be deemed the agent of Unum.

LONG TERM DISABILITY

BENEFIT INFORMATION

HOW DOES UNUM DEFINE DISABILITY?
You are disabled when Unum determines that:

- you are limited from  performing the material and  substantial  duties of your
regular occupation due to your sickness or injury; and
- you have a 20% or more loss in your indexed  monthly  earnings due to the same
sickness or injury.

The loss of a professional or occupational license or certification does not, in
itself, constitute disability.

We may require you to be examined by a physician,  other medical practitioner or
vocational  expert of our  choice.  Unum will pay for this  examination.  We can
require  an  examination  as often  as it is  reasonable  to do so.  We may also
require you to be interviewed by an authorized Unum Representative.

HOW LONG MUST YOU BE DISABLED BEFORE YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE BENEFITS?

You must be continuously  disabled  through your elimination  period.  Unum will
treat your disability as continuous if your disability stops for 30 days or less
during the elimination period. The days that you are not disabled will not count
toward your elimination period.

Your elimination period is 360 days.

CAN YOU SATISFY YOUR ELIMINATION PERIOD IF YOU ARE WORKING?

Yes, provided you meet the definition of disability.

WHEN WILL YOU BEGIN TO RECEIVE PAYMENTS?

You will begin to receive  payments  when we approve your claim,  providing  the
elimination  period  has been met.  We will send you a payment  monthly  for any
period for which Unum is liable.
<PAGE>

HOW MUCH WILL UNUM PAY YOU IF YOU ARE DISABLED?

We will follow this process to figure your payment:

1. Multiply your monthly earnings by 60%.
2. The maximum monthly benefit is $20,000.
3. Compare the answer from Item 1 with the maximum monthly  benefit.  The lesser
of these two amounts is your gross disability payment.
4. Subtract from your gross disability payment any deductible sources of income.
The amount figured in Item 4 is your monthly payment.

WHAT ARE YOUR MONTHLY EARNINGS?

"Monthly  Earnings" means your gross monthly income from your Employer in effect
just prior to your date of  disability.  It includes  your total  income  before
taxes.  It is  prior  to any  deductions  made for  pre-tax  contributions  to a
qualified  deferred  compensation  plan,  Section 125 plan, or flexible spending
account.  It includes  income  actually  received from  commissions but does not
include  renewal  commissions,   bonuses,   overtime  pay  or  any  other  extra
compensation, or income received from sources other than your Employer.

Commissions will be averaged for the lesser of:

a. the 12 full calendar month period of your  employment with your Employer just
prior to the date disability begins; or

b. the period of actual employment with your Employer.

WHAT WILL WE USE FOR MONTHLY  EARNINGS IF YOU BECOME  DISABLED  DURING A COVERED
LAYOFF OR LEAVE OF ABSENCE?

If you become disabled while you are on a covered layoff or leave of absence, we
will use your monthly  earnings  from your  Employer in effect just prior to the
date your absence begins.

HOW MUCH WILL UNUM PAY YOU IF YOU ARE DISABLED AND WORKING?

We will  send you the  monthly  payment  if you are  disabled  and your  monthly
disability earnings, if any, are less than 20% of your indexed monthly earnings,
due to the same sickness or injury.

If you are disabled and your  monthly  disability  earnings are from 20% through
80% of your indexed monthly earnings,  due to the same sickness or injury,  Unum
will figure your payment as follows:
<PAGE>

During the first 12 months of payments, while working, your monthly payment will
not be reduced as long as disability  earnings plus the gross disability payment
does not exceed 100% of indexed monthly earnings.

1. Add your monthly disability earnings to your gross disability payment.
2. Compare the answer in Item 1 to your indexed monthly earnings.

If the answer from Item 1 is less than or equal to 100% of your indexed  monthly
earnings, Unum will not further reduce your monthly payment.

If the answer from Item 1 is more than 100% of your  indexed  monthly  earnings,
Unum will subtract the amount over 100% from your monthly payment.

After 12 months of payments,  while working,  you will receive payments based on
the percentage of income you are losing due to your disability.

1. Subtract your disability earnings from your indexed monthly earnings.
2. Divide the answer in Item 1 by your indexed  monthly  earnings.  This is your
percentage of lost earnings.
3. Multiply your monthly payment by the answer in Item 2.

This is the amount Unum will pay you each month.

Unum may require you to send proof of your monthly disability  earnings at least
quarterly.  We will  adjust  your  payment  based on your  quarterly  disability
earnings.

As part of your proof of  disability  earnings,  we can require that you send us
appropriate  financial  records which we believe are  necessary to  substantiate
your income.

After the elimination period, if you are disabled for less than 1 month, we will
send you 1/30 of your payment for each day of disability.

HOW CAN WE PROTECT YOU IF YOUR DISABILITY EARNINGS FLUCTUATE?

If your disability earnings routinely fluctuate widely from month to month, Unum
may average your disability  earnings over the most recent 3 months to determine
if your claim should continue.
<PAGE>

If Unum  averages your  disability  earnings,  we will not terminate  your claim
unless the average of your  disability  earnings from the last 3 months  exceeds
80% of indexed monthly earnings.

We will not pay you for any month during which disability earnings exceed 80% of
indexed monthly earnings.

WHAT ARE DEDUCTIBLE SOURCES OF INCOME?

Unum will subtract from your gross disability  payment the following  deductible
sources of income:

1) The amount that you receive or are entitled to receive under:

- a workers' compensation law.
- an occupational disease law.
- any other act or law with similar intent.

2) The amount that you receive or are entitled to receive as  disability  income
payments under any:

- state compulsory benefit act or law.
- automobile liability insurance policy.
- other group insurance plan.
- governmental retirement system as a result of your job with your Employer.

3) The amount that you, your spouse and your children receive or are entitled to
receive as disability payments because of your disability under:

- the United States Social Security Act.
- the Canada Pension Plan.
- the Quebec Pension Plan.
- any similar plan or act.

4) The amount that you receive as retirement  payments or the amount your spouse
and children receive as retirement payments because you are receiving retirement
payments under:

- the United States Social Security Act.
- the Canada Pension Plan.
- the Quebec Pension Plan.
- any similar plan or act.
<PAGE>

5) The amount that you:

- receive as disability payments under your Employer's retirement plan.
- voluntarily  elect to receive as  retirement  payments  under your  Employer's
retirement plan.
- receive as  retirement  payments  when you reach the later of age 62 or normal
retirement age, as defined in your Employer's retirement plan.

Disability  payments  under a retirement  plan will be those  benefits which are
paid due to disability and do not reduce the retirement benefit which would have
been paid if the disability had not occurred.

Retirement  payments will be those benefits  which are based on your  Employer's
contribution  to the  retirement  plan.  Disability  benefits  which  reduce the
retirement  benefit  under  the plan  will also be  considered  as a  retirement
benefit.

Regardless of how the retirement funds from the retirement plan are distributed,
Unum will  consider your and your  Employer's  contributions  to be  distributed
simultaneously throughout your lifetime.

Amounts  received  do not include  amounts  rolled  over or  transferred  to any
eligible  retirement  plan. Unum will use the definition of eligible  retirement
plan as defined in Section 402 of the Internal Revenue Code including any future
amendments which affect the definition.

6) The amount that you receive  under Title 46,  United  States Code Section 688
(The Jones Act).

7) The amount that you receive from a third party (after subtracting  attorney's
fees) by judgment, settlement or otherwise.

With the exception of retirement  payments,  Unum will only subtract  deductible
sources of income which are payable as a result of the same disability.

We will not reduce your  payment by your Social  Security  retirement  income if
your  disability  begins  after  age 65 and you were  already  receiving  Social
Security retirement payments.
<PAGE>

WHAT ARE NOT DEDUCTIBLE SOURCES OF INCOME?

Unum will not subtract  from your gross  disability  payment  income you receive
from, but not limited to, the following:

- 401(k) plans
- profit sharing plans
- thrift plans
- tax sheltered annuities
- stock ownership plans
- non-qualified plans of deferred compensation
- pension plans for partners
- military pension and disability income plans
- credit disability insurance
- franchise disability income plans
- a retirement plan from another Employer
- individual retirement accounts (IRA)
- individual disability income plans
- salary continuation or accumulated sick leave plans

WHAT IF  SUBTRACTING  DEDUCTIBLE  SOURCES OF INCOME  RESULTS IN A ZERO  BENEFIT?
(Minimum Benefit)

The minimum monthly payment is the greater of:

- $100; or
- 10% of your gross disability payment.

Unum may apply this amount toward an outstanding overpayment.

WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU RECEIVE A COST OF LIVING INCREASE FROM DEDUCTIBLE  SOURCES
OF INCOME?

Once  Unum has  subtracted  any  deductible  source of  income  from your  gross
disability  payment,  Unum will not further reduce your payment due to a cost of
living increase from that source.

WHAT IF UNUM DETERMINES YOU MAY QUALIFY FOR DEDUCTIBLE INCOME BENEFITS?

When we determine  that you may qualify for benefits under Item(s) 1), 2) and 3)
in the deductible  sources of income section,  we will estimate your entitlement
to these benefits.  We can reduce your payment by the estimated  amounts if such
benefits:

- have not been awarded; and
- have not been denied; or
- have been denied and the denial is being appealed.
<PAGE>

Your Long Term Disability payment will NOT be reduced by the estimated amount if
you:

-  apply  for  the  disability  payments  under  Item(s)  1),  2)  and 3) in the
deductible   sources  of  income   section   and  appeal   your  denial  to  all
administrative levels Unum feels are necessary; and
- sign Unum's payment  option form.  This form states that you promise to pay us
any overpayment caused by an award.

If your payment has been reduced by an  estimated  amount,  your payment will be
adjusted when we receive proof:

- of the amount awarded; or
- that benefits  have been denied and all appeals Unum feels are necessary  have
been completed.  In this case, a lump sum refund of the estimated amount will be
made to you.

If you receive a lump sum payment  from any  deductible  sources of income,  the
lump sum will be pro-rated on a monthly basis over the time period for which the
sum was given. If no time period is stated, we will use a reasonable one.

HOW LONG WILL UNUM CONTINUE TO SEND YOU PAYMENTS?

Unum will send you a payment  each month up to the  maximum  period of  payment.
Your maximum period of payment is based on your age at disability as follows:

Age at Disability          Maximum Period of Payment
Less than age 60           To age 65, but not less than 5 years
Age 60                     60 months
Age 61                     48 months
Age 62                     42 months
Age 63                     36 months
Age 64                     30 months
Age 65                     24 months
Age 66                     21 months
Age 67                     18 months
Age 68                     15 months
Age 69 and over            12 months

WHEN WILL PAYMENTS STOP?

We will stop sending you payments and your claim will end on the earliest of the
following:

- when you are able to work in your regular  occupation on a part-time basis but
you choose not to;
- the end of the maximum period of payment;
- the date you are no longer disabled under the terms of the plan;
- the date you fail to submit proof of continuing disability;
- the date your disability earnings exceed the amount allowable under the plan;
- the date you die.
<PAGE>

WHAT DISABILITIES HAVE A LIMITED PAY PERIOD UNDER YOUR PLAN?

Disabilities,   due  to  sickness  or  injury,  which  are  primarily  based  on
self-reported  symptoms,  and  disabilities due to mental illness have a limited
pay period up to 24 months.

Unum will  continue to send you payments  beyond the 24 month period if you meet
one or both of these conditions:

1. If you are confined to a hospital or  institution  at the end of the 24 month
period, Unum will continue to send you payments during your confinement.

If you are still disabled when you are  discharged,  Unum will send you payments
for a recovery period of up to 90 days.

If you  become  reconfined  at any time  during the  recovery  period and remain
confined  for at least 14 days in a row,  Unum will send  payments  during  that
additional  confinement  and for one  additional  recovery  period up to 90 more
days.

2. In  addition  to Item 1, if,  after  the 24 month  period  for which you have
received payments,  you continue to be disabled and subsequently become confined
to a  hospital  or  institution  for at least 14 days in a row,  Unum  will send
payments during the length of the reconfinement.

Unum will not pay  beyond the  limited  pay period as  indicated  above,  or the
maximum period of payment, whichever occurs first.

Unum will not apply the mental illness  limitation to dementia if it is a result
of:

- stroke;
- trauma;
- viral infection;
- Alzheimer's disease; or
- other  conditions not listed which are not usually  treated by a mental health
provider or other qualified provider using psychotherapy, psychotropic drugs, or
other similar methods of treatment.

WHAT DISABILITIES ARE NOT COVERED UNDER YOUR PLAN?

Your plan  does not cover any  disabilities  caused  by,  contributed  to by, or
resulting from your:
<PAGE>

- intentionally self-inflicted injuries.
- active participation in a riot.
- loss of a professional license, occupational license or certification.
- commission of a crime for which you have been convicted under state or federal
law.
- pre-existing condition.

Your plan will not cover a disability due to war, declared or undeclared, or any
act of war.

Unum will not pay a benefit for any period of  disability  during  which you are
incarcerated.

WHAT IS A PRE-EXISTING CONDITION?

The following applies to your monthly benefit up to and including $15,000:

You have a pre-existing condition if:

- you  received  medical  treatment,  consultation,  care or services  including
diagnostic measures,  or took prescribed drugs or medicines in the 3 months just
prior to your  effective  date of  coverage;  or you had  symptoms  for which an
ordinarily  prudent  person would have consulted a health care provider in the 3
months just prior to your effective date of coverage; and
- the  disability  begins in the first 12 months  after your  effective  date of
coverage.

The following applies to your monthly benefit in excess of $15,000:

You have a pre-existing condition if:
- you  received  medical  treatment,  consultation,  care or services  including
diagnostic measures, or took prescribed drugs or medicines in the 24 months just
prior to the date  your  maximum  monthly  benefit  in  excess  of  $15,000  was
effective; or you had symptoms for which an ordinarily prudent person would have
consulted  a health  care  provider in the 24 months just prior to the date your
maximum monthly benefit in excess of $15,000 was effective; and
- your disability  begins before you have been treatment free for 12 consecutive
months  starting on or after the date your monthly  benefit in excess of $15,000
is effective.
<PAGE>

WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU RETURN TO WORK FULL TIME AND YOUR DISABILITY OCCURS AGAIN?

If you have a recurrent  disability,  Unum will treat your disability as part of
your prior claim and you will not have to complete  another  elimination  period
if:

- you were continuously insured under the plan for the period between your prior
claim and your recurrent disability; and
- your  recurrent  disability  occurs  within 6 months of the end of your  prior
claim.

Your recurrent disability will be subject to the same terms of this plan as your
prior claim.

Any disability  which occurs after 6 months from the date your prior claim ended
will be  treated  as a new  claim.  The new claim  will be subject to all of the
policy provisions.

If you become  entitled to payments  under any other group long term  disability
plan, you will not be eligible for payments under the Unum plan.

LONG TERM DISABILITY

OTHER BENEFIT FEATURES

WHAT BENEFITS WILL BE PROVIDED TO YOUR FAMILY IF YOU DIE? (Survivor Benefit)

When Unum receives proof that you have died, we will pay your eligible  survivor
a lump sum benefit equal to 3 months of your gross disability payment if, on the
date of your death:

- your disability had continued for 180 or more consecutive days; and
- you were receiving or were entitled to receive payments under the plan.

If you have no eligible survivors,  payment will be made to your estate,  unless
there is none. In this case, no payment will be made.

However,  we will first apply the survivor benefit to any overpayment  which may
exist on your claim.

WHAT IF YOU ARE NOT IN ACTIVE  EMPLOYMENT WHEN YOUR EMPLOYER  CHANGES  INSURANCE
CARRIERS TO UNUM? (Continuity of Coverage)

When the plan becomes effective, Unum will provide coverage for you if:

- you are not in active employment because of a sickness or injury; and
- you were covered by the prior policy.
<PAGE>

Your coverage is subject to payment of premium.

Your  payment  will be limited  to the  amount  that would have been paid by the
prior carrier.  Unum will reduce your payment by any amount for which your prior
carrier is liable.

WHAT IF YOU HAVE A DISABILITY DUE TO A PRE-EXISTING CONDITION WHEN YOUR EMPLOYER
CHANGES INSURANCE CARRIERS TO UNUM? (Continuity of Coverage)

Unum may send a payment if your disability results from a pre-existing condition
if, you were:

- in active employment and insured under the plan on its effective date; and
- insured by the prior policy at the time of change.

In order to  receive a  payment  you must  satisfy  the  pre-existing  condition
provision under:

1. the Unum plan; or
2. the prior  carrier's  plan, if benefits  would have been paid had that policy
remained in force.

If you do not satisfy Item 1 or 2 above, Unum will not make any payments. If you
satisfy  Item 1, we will  determine  your  payments  according  to the Unum plan
provisions.

If you only satisfy Item 2, we will  administer your claim according to the Unum
plan provisions. However, your payment will be the lesser of:

a. the monthly benefit that would have been payable under the terms of the prior
plan if it had remained inforce; or
b. the monthly payment under the Unum plan.

Your benefits will end on the earlier of the following dates:

1. the end of the maximum benefit period under the plan; or
2. the date benefits would have ended under the prior plan if it had remained in
force.
<PAGE>


STATE REQUIREMENTS

CALIFORNIA CONTACT NOTICE

GENERAL QUESTIONS:  If you have any general questions about your insurance,  you
may contact the Insurance Company by:

CALLING: 1-800-421-0344 (Customer Information Call Center)

-OR-

WRITING TO:
Unum Life Insurance Company of America
2211 Congress Street
Portland, Maine 04122

COMPLAINTS:  If a complaint  arises  about your  insurance,  you may contact the
Insurance Company by:

CALLING:
(Compliance Center Complaint Line)
Toll free: 1-800-321-3889, Option 2
Direct: 207-575-7568

-OR-

WRITING TO:
Deborah J. Jewett, Manager, Customer Relations
Unum Life Insurance Company of America
2211 Congress Street
Portland, Maine 04122

WHEN CALLING OR WRITING TO THE INSURANCE COMPANY, PLEASE
PROVIDE YOUR INSURANCE POLICY NUMBER.

If the Policy or  Certificate of Coverage was issued or delivered by an agent or
broker, please contact your agent or broker for assistance.

You also can  contact the  California  Department  of  Insurance.  However,  the
California  Department of Insurance  should be contacted only after  discussions
with the Insurance Company or its agent or other  representative,  or both, have
failed to produce a satisfactory resolution to the problem.

Department of Insurance Consumer Communications Bureau
300 South Spring Street - South Tower
Los Angeles, California 90013
Toll Free Hotline Telephone Number: 1-800-927-4357
Local Telephone Number: 213-897-8921
Fax: 213 736-2562
Office Hours: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
<PAGE>

This form is for contact  information  only,  and it is not to be  considered  a
condition for the Policy.

OTHER SERVICES

These  services  are  also  available  from us as part of your  Unum  Long  Term
Disability plan.

HOW CAN UNUM HELP YOUR EMPLOYER IDENTIFY AND PROVIDE WORKSITE MODIFICATION?

A  worksite  modification  might be what is needed to allow you to  perform  the
material and substantial  duties of your regular  occupation with your Employer.
One of our  designated  professionals  will  assist  you and  your  Employer  to
identify a modification  we agree is likely to help you remain at work or return
to work.  This  agreement  will be in  writing  and must be signed by you,  your
Employer and Unum.

When  this  occurs,  Unum  will  reimburse  your  Employer  for the  cost of the
modification, up to the greater of:

- $1,000; or
- the equivalent of 2 months of your monthly benefit.

This benefit is available to you on a one time only basis.

HOW CAN UNUM'S REHABILITATION SERVICE HELP YOU RETURN TO WORK?

Unum has a vocational  rehabilitation  program available to assist you to return
to work. This program is offered as a service, and is voluntary on your part and
on Unum's part.

In addition to referrals made to the rehabilitation program by our claims paying
personnel,  you may  request to have your claim file  reviewed  by one of Unum's
rehabilitation  professionals.  As your file is reviewed, medical and vocational
information will be analyzed to determine if rehabilitation  services might help
you return to gainful employment.

Once  the  initial  review  is  completed,   Unum  may  elect  to  offer  you  a
return-to-work  program.  The  return-to-work  program may  include,  but is not
limited to, the following services:

- coordination with your Employer to assist you to return to work;
- evaluation of adaptive equipment to allow you to return to work;
-  vocational  evaluation  to  determine  how your  disability  may impact  your
employment options;
- job placement services;
- resume preparation;
- job seeking skills training; or
- retraining for a new occupation.
<PAGE>

HOW CAN  UNUM'S  SOCIAL  SECURITY  CLAIMANT  ADVOCACY  PROGRAM  ASSIST  YOU WITH
OBTAINING SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY BENEFITS?


In order to be eligible for  assistance  from Unum's  Social  Security  claimant
advocacy  program,  you must be  receiving  monthly  payments  from us. Unum can
provide expert advice  regarding your claim and assist you with your application
or appeal.

Receiving Social Security benefits may enable:

- you to receive Medicare after 24 months of disability payments;
- you to protect your retirement benefits; and
- your family to be eligible for Social Security benefits.

We can assist you in obtaining Social Security disability benefits by:

- helping you find appropriate legal representation;
- obtaining medical and vocational evidence; and
- reimbursing pre-approved case management expenses.

ERISA

Additional Summary Plan Description Information

Name of Plan: National Semiconductor Corporation

Name and Address of Employer:
National Semiconductor Corporation
2900 Semiconductor Drive
Santa Clara, California
95051

Plan Identification Number:
a. Employer IRS Identification #: 95-2095071
b. Plan #: 505

Type of Welfare Plan:
Disability

Type of Administration:
The Plan is administered by the Plan Administrator. Benefits are administered by
the insurer and provided in accordance  with the insurance  policy issued to the
Plan.

ERISA Plan Year Ends: December 31

Plan Administrator, Name,
Address, and Telephone Number:
National Semiconductor Corporation
2900 Semiconductor Drive
Santa Clara, California
95051
(408) 721-5000
<PAGE>

National Semiconductor Corporation is the Plan Administrator and named fiduciary
of the Plan, with authority to delegate its duties.  The Plan  Administrator may
designate  Trustees of the Plan, in which case the Administrator will advise you
separately of the name, title and address of each Trustee.

Agent for Service of
Legal Process on the Plan:
National Semiconductor Corporation
2900 Semiconductor Drive
Santa Clara, California
95051

Service of legal process may also be made upon the Plan  Administrator,  and any
Trustee of the Plan.

Funding and Contributions:
The Plan is funded as an insured plan under policy number 517969 011,  issued by
Unum Life Insurance Company of America,  2211 Congress Street,  Portland,  Maine
04122.  Contributions  to the Plan are made as  stated  under  "WHO PAYS FOR THE
COVERAGE" in the Certificate of Coverage.

EMPLOYER'S RIGHT TO AMEND THE PLAN

The Employer reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion,  to amend,
modify, or terminate,  in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of this
Plan (including any related documents and underlying policies),  at any time and
for any reason or no reason. Any amendment, modification, or termination must be
in writing and endorsed on or attached to the Plan.

EMPLOYER'S RIGHT TO REQUEST POLICY CHANGE

The Employer can request a policy  change.  Only an officer or registrar of Unum
can approve a change.  The change must be in writing and endorsed on or attached
to the policy.

CANCELLING THE POLICY OR A PLAN UNDER THE POLICY

The policy or a plan under the policy can be cancelled:

- by Unum; or
- by the Policyholder.
<PAGE>

Unum may cancel or offer to modify the policy or a plan if:

- there is less than 75%  participation of those eligible  employees who pay all
or part of their premium for a plan; or
- there is less  than  100%  participation  of those  eligible  employees  for a
Policyholder paid plan;
- the  Policyholder  does not  promptly  provide Unum with  information  that is
reasonably required;
- the  Policyholder  fails to perform any of its obligations  that relate to the
policy;
- fewer than 10 employees are insured under a plan;
- the Policyholder fails to pay any premium within the 31 day grace period.

If Unum cancels the policy or a plan for reasons  other than the  Policyholder's
failure to pay premium,  a written notice will be delivered to the  Policyholder
at least 31 days prior to the cancellation date.

If the  premium  is not paid  during the grace  period,  the policy or plan will
terminate  automatically  at the end of the grace period.  The  Policyholder  is
liable for premium for coverage during the grace period.  The Policyholder  must
pay Unum all premium due for the full period each plan is in force.

The  Policyholder may cancel the policy or a plan by written notice delivered to
Unum at least 31 days prior to the cancellation date. When both the Policyholder
and Unum agree,  the policy or a plan can be  cancelled on an earlier  date.  If
Unum or the  Policyholder  cancels  the policy or a plan,  coverage  will end at
12:00 midnight on the last day of coverage.

If the policy or a plan is cancelled, the cancellation will not affect a payable
claim.

HOW TO FILE A CLAIM

If you wish to file a claim for benefits, you should follow the claim procedures
described  in your group  insurance  certificate.  Unum must receive a completed
claim form. The form must be completed by you, your  authorized  representative,
your  attending  physician  and  your  Employer.   If  you  or  your  authorized
representative  has  any  questions  about  what to do,  you or your  authorized
representative should contact Unum directly.

CLAIMS PROCEDURES

Unum will give you notice of the  decision no later than 45 days after the claim
is  filed.  This  time  period  may be  extended  twice by 30 days if Unum  both
determines that such an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the control
of the Plan and notifies you of the  circumstances  requiring  the  extension of
time  and the date by which  Unum  expects  to  render  a  decision.  If such an
extension is necessary due to your failure to submit the  information  necessary
to decide the claim,  the notice of  extension  will  specifically  describe the
required information,  and you will be afforded at least 45 days within which to
provide  the  specified  information.  If you deliver  therequested  information
within the time specified, any 30 day extension period will begin after you have
provided  that  information.  If you fail to deliver the  requested  information
within the time specified, Unum may decide your claim without that information.
<PAGE>

If your claim for benefits is wholly or partially denied,  the notice of adverse
benefit determination under the Plan will:

- state the specific reason(s) for the determination;
- reference specific Plan provision(s) on which the determination is based;
- describe  additional  material or information  necessary to complete the claim
and why such information is necessary;
- describe Plan procedures and time limits for appealing the determination,  and
your right to obtain  information about those procedures and the right to sue in
federal court; and
- disclose any internal rule,  guidelines,  protocol or similar criterion relied
on in making the adverse  determination  (or state that such information will be
provided free of charge upon request).

Notice of the  determination  may be  provided  in written or  electronic  form.
Electronic  notices will be provided in a form that complies with any applicable
legal requirements.

APPEAL PROCEDURES

You have 180 days from the receipt of notice of an adverse benefit determination
to file an appeal.  Requests for appeals should be sent to the address specified
in the claim  denial.  A decision  on review will be made not later than 45 days
following  receipt of the written  request for review.  If Unum  determines that
special circumstances require an extension of time for a decision on review, the
review period may be extended by an additional 45 days (90 days in total).  Unum
will notify you in writing if an additional 45 day extension is needed.

If an  extension  is  necessary  due to your  failure to submit the  information
necessary  to decide the  appeal,  the  notice of  extension  will  specifically
describe the required information,  and you will be afforded at least 45 days to
provide the  specified  information.  If you deliver the  requested  information
within the time specified,  the 45 day extension of the appeal period will begin
after you have provided that  information.  If you fail to deliver the requested
information within the time specified,  Unum may decide your appeal without that
information.

You will have the opportunity to submit written  comments,  documents,  or other
information  in support of your  appeal.  You will have  access to all  relevant
documents as defined by applicable  U.S.  Department of Labor  regulations.  The
review of the  adverse  benefit  determination  will take into  account  all new
information, whether or not presented or available at the initial determination.
No deference will be afforded to the initial determination.

The review will be conducted by Unum and will be made by a person different from
the person who made the  initial  determination  and such person will not be the
original  decision  maker's  subordinate.  In the case of a claim  denied on the
grounds of a medical judgment, Unum will consult with a health professional with
appropriate  training  and  experience.  The  health  care  professional  who is
consulted  on appeal will not be the  individual  who was  consulted  during the
initial determination or a subordinate. If the advice of a medical or vocational
expert was  obtained  by the Plan in  connection  with the denial of your claim,
Unum will provide you with the names of each such expert,  regardless of whether
the advice was relied upon.
<PAGE>

A notice  that your  request  on appeal is denied  will  contain  the  following
information:

- the specific reason(s) for the determination;

- a reference to the specific Plan  provision(s) on which the  determination  is
based;

- a statement  disclosing  any internal  rule,  guidelines,  protocol or similar
criterion  relied on in making the adverse  determination  (or a statement  that
such information will be provided free of charge upon request);

- a statement describing your right to bring a civil suit under federal law;

- the  statement  that you are  entitled to receive  upon  request,  and without
charge,  reasonable  access  to or  copies of all  documents,  records  or other
information relevant to the determination; and

- the  statement  that "You or your plan may have  other  voluntary  alternative
dispute resolution options,  such as mediation.  One way to find out what may be
available  is to contact  your local U.S.  Department  of Labor  Office and your
State insurance regulatory agency".

Notice of the  determination  may be  provided  in written or  electronic  form.
Electronic  notices will be provided in a form that complies with any applicable
legal requirements.

Unless there are special circumstances,  this administrative appeal process must
be completed before you begin any legal action regarding your claim.

YOUR RIGHTS UNDER ERISA

As a participant in this Plan you are entitled to certain rights and protections
under  the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act of 1974  (ERISA).  ERISA
provides that all Plan participants shall be entitled to:

Receive Information About Your Plan and Benefits

Examine,  without  charge,  at the  Plan  Administrator's  office  and at  other
specified  locations,  all  documents  governing the Plan,  including  insurance
contracts,  and a copy of the latest  annual  report (Form 5500 Series) filed by
the  Plan  with  the  U.S.  Department  of Labor  and  available  at the  Public
Disclosure Room of the Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration.

Obtain,  upon  written  request to the Plan  Administrator,  copies of documents
governing the operation of the Plan, including insurance  contracts,  and copies
of the latest  annual  report  (Form  5500  Series)  and  updated  summary  plan
description. The Plan Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the copies.

Receive a summary of the Plan's annual financial report.  The Plan Administrator
is  required  by law to furnish  each  participant  with a copy of this  summary
annual report.
<PAGE>

Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries

In addition to creating rights for plan participants,  ERISA imposes duties upon
the people who are responsible  for the operation of the employee  benefit plan.
The people who operate your Plan, called  "fiduciaries" of the Plan, have a duty
to do so prudently  and in the interest of you and other Plan  participants  and
beneficiaries. No one, including your Employer or any other person, may fire you
or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a
benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA.

Enforce Your Rights

If your claim for a benefit is denied or ignored,  in whole or in part, you have
a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the
decision  without  charge,  and to appeal any denial,  all within  certain  time
schedules.

Under  ERISA,  there are steps you can take to  enforce  the above  rights.  For
instance,  if you request a copy of plan  documents or the latest  annual report
from the Plan and do not  receive  them  within 30 days,  you may file suit in a
federal court. In such a case, the court may require the Plan  Administrator  to
provide  the  materials  and pay  you up to $110 a day  until  you  receive  the
materials,  unless the  materials  were not sent  because of reasons  beyond the
control of the Plan Administrator.

If you have a claim for benefits that is denied or ignored, in whole or in part,
you may file suit in a state or federal  court.  If it should  happen  that Plan
fiduciaries  misuse the Plan's money,  or if you are  discriminated  against for
asserting  your rights,  you may seek  assistance  from the U.S.  Department  of
Labor, or you may file suit in a federal court. The court will decide who should
pay court costs and legal fees. If you are  successful,  the court may order the
person  you have sued to pay these  costs and fees.  If you lose,  the court may
order you to pay these costs and fees,  if, for example,  it finds your claim is
frivolous.

Assistance with Your Questions

If you  have  any  questions  about  your  Plan,  you  should  contact  the Plan
Administrator.  If you have any  questions  about this  statement  or about your
rights under ERISA,  or if you need  assistance in obtaining  documents from the
Plan  Administrator,  you should  contact the nearest  office of the Pension and
Welfare  Benefits  Administration,  U.S.  Department  of  Labor,  listed in your
telephone  directory  or the  Division of Technical  Assistance  and  Inquiries,
Pension and Welfare  Benefits  Administration,  U.S.  Department  of Labor,  200
Constitution  Avenue N.W.,  Washington,  D.C. 20210. You may also obtain certain
publications about your rights and  responsibilities  under ERISA by calling the
publications hotline of the Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration.
<PAGE>

DISCRETIONARY ACTS

In exercising its discretionary  powers under the Plan, the Plan  Administrator,
and any designee (which shall include Unum as a claims  fiduciary) will have the
broadest  discretion  permissible under ERISA and any other applicable laws, and
its decisions will constitute  final review of your claim by the Plan.  Benefits
under  this  Plan will be paid only if the Plan  Administrator  or its  designee
(including  Unum),  decides in its discretion  that the applicant is entitled to
them.

GLOSSARY

ACTIVE  EMPLOYMENT means you are working for your Employer for earnings that are
paid regularly and that you are performing the material and  substantial  duties
of your regular  occupation.  You must be working at least the minimum number of
hours as described under Eligible Group(s) in each plan.

Your work site must be:

- your Employer's usual place of business;
- an  alternative  work site at the direction of your  Employer,  including your
home; or
- a location to which your job requires you to travel.

Normal vacation is considered active employment.
Temporary and seasonal workers are excluded from coverage.

DEDUCTIBLE  SOURCES OF INCOME means income from deductible sources listed in the
plan which you receive or are entitled to receive while you are  disabled.  This
income will be subtracted from your gross disability payment.

DISABILITY  EARNINGS means the earnings which you receive while you are disabled
and working,  plus the  earnings  you could  receive if you were working to your
maximum capacity.

ELIMINATION  PERIOD  means a  period  of  continuous  disability  which  must be
satisfied before you are eligible to receive benefits from Unum.

EMPLOYEE means a person who is in active employment with the Employer.

EMPLOYER  means the  Policyholder,  and includes  any  division,  subsidiary  or
affiliated company named in the policy.

EVIDENCE OF  INSURABILITY  means a statement of your medical  history which Unum
will use to determine if you are approved for coverage. Evidence of insurability
will be at Unum's expense.

GRACE  PERIOD  means the period of time  following  the  premium due date during
which premium payment may be made.
<PAGE>

GROSS  DISABILITY  PAYMENT  means  the  benefit  amount  before  Unum  subtracts
deductible sources of income and disability earnings.

HOSPITAL OR INSTITUTION  means an accredited  facility  licensed to provide care
and treatment for the condition causing your disability.

INDEXED  MONTHLY  EARNINGS  means  your  monthly   earnings   adjusted  on  each
anniversary  of  benefit  payments  by the lesser of 10% or the  current  annual
percentage  increase in the Consumer Price Index.  Your indexed monthly earnings
may increase or remain the same,  but will never  decrease.  The Consumer  Price
Index (CPI-W) is published by the U.S.  Department  of Labor.  Unum reserves the
right to use some other similar  measurement  if the Department of Labor changes
or  stops  publishing  the  CPI-W.  Indexing  is  only  used to  determine  your
percentage of lost earnings while you are disabled and working.

INJURY  means a bodily  injury that is the direct  result of an accident and not
related to any other cause.  Disability  must begin while you are covered  under
the plan.

INSURED means any person covered under a plan.

LAW,  PLAN OR ACT means the original  enactments of the law, plan or act and all
amendments.

LAYOFF  or LEAVE  OF  ABSENCE  means  you are  temporarily  absent  from  active
employment for a period of time that has been agreed to in advance in writing by
your  Employer.  Your normal  vacation  time or any period of  disability is not
considered a temporary layoff or leave of absence.

LIMITED means what you cannot or are unable to do.

MATERIAL AND SUBSTANTIAL DUTIES means duties that:

- are normally required for the performance of your regular occupation; and
- cannot be reasonably  omitted or modified,  except that if you are required to
work on average in excess of 40 hours per week,  Unum will  consider you able to
perform  that  requirement  if you are  working or have the  capacity to work 40
hours per week.

MAXIMUM CAPACITY means, based on your restrictions and limitations, the greatest
extent of work you are able to do in your regular occupation, that is reasonably
available.
<PAGE>

MAXIMUM  PERIOD  OF  PAYMENT  means  the  longest  period of time Unum will make
payments to you for any one period of disability.

MENTAL  ILLNESS means a psychiatric  or  psychological  condition  regardless of
cause such as  schizophrenia,  depression,  manic depressive or bipolar illness,
anxiety,  personality disorders and/or adjustment disorders or other conditions.
These  conditions  are  usually  treated by a mental  health  provider  or other
qualified  provider using  psychotherapy,  psychotropic  drugs, or other similar
methods of treatment.

MONTHLY  BENEFIT means the total benefit amount for which an employee is insured
under this plan subject to the maximum benefit.

MONTHLY  EARNINGS  means your gross monthly income from your Employer as defined
in the plan.

MONTHLY  PAYMENT means your payment after any deductible  sources of income have
been subtracted from your gross disability payment.

PART-TIME  BASIS means the ability to work and earn  between 20% and 80% of your
indexed monthly earnings.

PAYABLE  CLAIM  means a claim  for which  Unum is liable  under the terms of the
policy.

PHYSICIAN means:

- a person  performing  tasks that are  within the limits of his or her  medical
license; and
- a person who is licensed to practice  medicine and  prescribe  and  administer
drugs or to perform surgery; or
- a person with a doctoral degree in Psychology  (Ph.D. or Psy.D.) whose primary
practice is treating patients; or
- a person who is a legally qualified medical practitioner according to the laws
and regulations of the governing jurisdiction.
<PAGE>

Unum will not recognize you, or your spouse, children,  parents or siblings as a
physician for a claim that you send to us.


PLAN means a line of coverage under the policy.

PRE-EXISTING  CONDITION  means  a  condition  for  which  you  received  medical
treatment, consultation, care or services including diagnostic measures, or took
prescribed drugs or medicines for your condition during the given period of time
as stated in the  plan;  or you had  symptoms  for which an  ordinarily  prudent
person would have  consulted a health care  provider  during the given period of
time as stated in the plan.

RECURRENT DISABILITY means a disability which is:

- caused by a worsening in your condition; and
- due to the same cause(s) as your prior  disability  for which Unum made a Long
Term Disability payment.

REGULAR CARE means:

- you  personally  visit a physician as  frequently  as is  medically  required,
according to generally  accepted medical  standards,  to effectively  manage and
treat your disabling condition(s); and
- you are receiving the most appropriate  treatment and care which conforms with
generally  accepted  medical  standards,  for your disabling  condition(s)  by a
physician  whose  specialty  or  experience  is the  most  appropriate  for your
disabling condition(s), according to generally accepted medical standards.

REGULAR  OCCUPATION means the occupation you are routinely  performing when your
disability begins. Unum will look at your occupation as it is normally performed
in the  national  economy,  instead  of how the work tasks are  performed  for a
specific employer or at a specific location.

RETIREMENT PLAN means a defined contribution plan or defined benefit plan. These
are plans which  provide  retirement  benefits to  employees  and are not funded
entirely by employee contributions.  Retirement Plan includes but is not limited
to any  plan  which  is  part  of  any  federal,  state,  county,  municipal  or
association retirement system.
<PAGE>

SALARY CONTINUATION OR ACCUMULATED SICK LEAVE means continued payments to you by
your Employer of all or part of your monthly earnings, after you become disabled
as defined by the Policy.  This continued payment must be part of an established
plan maintained by your Employer for the benefit of all employees  covered under
the  Policy.  Salary  continuation  or  accumulated  sick leave does not include
compensation  paid to you by your  Employer for work you actually  perform after
your disability begins. Such compensation is considered disability earnings, and
would be taken into account in calculating your monthly payment.

SELF-REPORTED SYMPTOMS means the manifestations of your condition which you tell
your  physician,  that are not  verifiable  using tests,  procedures or clinical
examinations  standardly  accepted  in the  practice  of  medicine.  Examples of
self-reported symptoms include, but are not limited to headaches, pain, fatigue,
stiffness, soreness, ringing in ears, dizziness, numbness and loss of energy.

SICKNESS  means an  illness or  disease.  Disability  must  begin  while you are
covered under the plan.

SURVIVOR,  ELIGIBLE means your spouse, if living;  otherwise your children under
age 25 equally.

TREATMENT FREE means you have not received medical treatment, consultation, care
or  services  including  diagnostic  measures,  or  taken  prescribed  drugs  or
medicines for the pre-existing condition.

WAITING PERIOD means the continuous period of time (shown in each plan) that you
must be in active  employment  in an eligible  group before you are eligible for
coverage under a plan.

WE, US and OUR means Unum Life Insurance Company of America.

YOU means an employee who is eligible for Unum coverage.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
