<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit2-1.txt
<TEXT>
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  BY AND AMONG

                       TELAXIS COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION

                                       AND

                               YOUNG DESIGN, INC.

                           DATED AS OF MARCH 17, 2003






<PAGE>

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


     This  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this  "Agreement")  is made and entered
                                                ----------
into  as of  March  17,  2003  between  TELAXIS  COMMUNICATIONS  CORPORATION,  a
Massachusetts  corporation  ("Parent"),  and  YOUNG  DESIGN,  INC.,  a  Virginia
corporation (the "Company"). --------
                 ---------
                                    RECITALS
                                    --------

     A. Upon the terms and subject to the  conditions  of this  Agreement and in
accordance with the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the "VSCA"),  Parent and the
                                                         -----
Company will enter into a business  combination  transaction pursuant to which a
to-be-formed Virginia corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger
Sub") will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger").                ------
---                                             --------
     D.  The  Board of  Directors  of each of the  Company  and  Parent  (i) has
determined  that the Merger is in the best  interests  of each company and their
respective  stockholders and (ii) has approved this Agreement,  the Merger,  and
the other transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.  The stockholders of the
Company have approved this  Agreement,  the Merger,  and the other  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     E. The  Company  and  Parent  desire to make  certain  representations  and
warranties and other agreements in connection with the Merger.

     F. The parties  intend,  by executing  this  Agreement,  to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code").
                       -----
     NOW,   THEREFORE,   in  consideration   of  the  covenants,   promises  and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,  the parties agree
as follows:

                                   Article I

                                   THE MERGER
                                   ----------

     1.1  The Merger.
          -----------

     At the  Effective  Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and subject to and upon
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable  provisions of the
VSCA,  Merger  Sub  shall be  merged  with and into the  Company,  the  separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and the Company shall continue as
the surviving  corporation.  The Company as the surviving  corporation after the
Merger is hereinafter  sometimes referred to as the "Surviving  Corporation." At
the Effective Time, the purpose of the Surviving Corporation shall be to conduct
and  engage in all  lawful  activities  and  businesses  to the  maximum  extent
permitted by the VSCA.

     1.2  Effective Time.
          ---------------
<PAGE>

     Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall cause
the Merger to be  consummated  by filing  Articles of Merger (the  "Articles  of
                                                                    ------------
Merger")  with the  Clerk  of the  Virginia  State  Corporation  Commission,  in
------
accordance with the relevant  provisions of the VSCA (the time of such filing or
such  subsequent  date or time as the  parties  shall  agree and  specify in the
Articles of Merger being the  "Effective  Time"),  as soon as  practicable on or
                               ---------------
after the  Closing  Date (as herein  defined).  The  closing of the Merger  (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of the Company at 10:00 a.m. on April
--------
1, 2003 or at such other time,  date,  and location as the parties  hereto agree
(the "Closing Date").
      ------------

     1.3  Effect of the Merger.
          ---------------------

     At the  Effective  Time,  the effect of the Merger  shall be as provided in
this Agreement and the applicable  provisions of the VSCA.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the
property, rights,  privileges,  powers, and franchises of the Company and Merger
Sub shall vest in the Surviving  Corporation,  and all debts,  liabilities,  and
duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall  become the debts,  liabilities,  and
duties of the Surviving Corporation.

     1.4 Articles of Incorporation; By-laws.
         -----------------------------------

          (a) Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time,
     at the Effective Time, the Articles of  Incorporation  of Merger Sub, as in
     effect  immediately  prior to the Effective Time,  shall be the Articles of
     Incorporation  of the Surviving  Corporation  until  thereafter  amended as
     provided by law and such Articles of Incorporation; provided, however, that
     Article 1 of the Articles of  Incorporation  of the  Surviving  Corporation
     shall be amended to read as follows:  "The name of the corporation is Young
     Design,  Inc." At the Effective  Time, the authorized  capital stock of the
     Surviving  Corporation  shall be 1,000  shares of Common  Stock,  par value
     $0.01 per share unless otherwise agreed by Parent and the Company.

          (b) The By-laws of Merger Sub, as in effect  immediately  prior to the
     Effective  Time,  shall be the By-laws of the Surviving  Corporation  until
     thereafter amended unless otherwise agreed by Parent and the Company.

     1.5  Directors and Officers.
          -----------------------

     The directors of Merger Sub shall be the initial directors of the Surviving
Corporation, until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified.  The  officers  of Merger Sub shall be the  initial  officers  of the
Surviving  Corporation,  until their  respective  successors are duly elected or
appointed and  qualified.  Parent and Merger Sub agree that,  as of  immediately
before the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Merger Sub shall be the
same persons as are intended to be,  immediately  after the Effective  Time, the
directors and officers of Parent as contemplated by this Agreement.

     1.6  Effect on Capital Stock.
          ------------------------

     At the  Effective  Time,  by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of Merger Sub,  the  Company,  or the  holders of any of the  following
securities:

                                       2

<PAGE>


          (a)  Conversion of Company  Common Stock.  Each share of Common Stock,
               -----------------------------------
     par value $0.0001 per share,  of the Company (the "Company  Common  Stock")
                                                        ----------------------
     issued and outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
     any shares of  Company  Common  Stock to be  canceled  pursuant  to Section
     1.6(b)) will be canceled and extinguished  and be  automatically  converted
     (subject  to Sections  1.6(e) and (f)) into the right to receive  2.50 (the
     "Exchange  Ratio")  shares of Common  Stock,  par value $.01 per share,  of
      ---------------
     Parent (the "Parent Common Stock") together with cash in lieu of fractional
                  -------------------
     shares   pursuant   to   Section   1.6(f)   (collectively,    the   "Merger
                                                                          ------
     Consideration")  upon surrender of the certificate  representing such share
     -------------
     of Company  Common  Stock in the manner  provided in Section 1.7 (or in the
     case of a lost,  stolen  or  destroyed  certificate,  upon  delivery  of an
     affidavit (and bond, if required) in the manner provided in Section 1.9).

          (b) Cancellation of Parent-Owned  Stock.  Each share of Company Common
          ---------------------------------------
     Stock  held in the  treasury  of the  Company  or  owned by any  direct  or
     indirect wholly owned  subsidiary of the Company  immediately  prior to the
     Effective  Time shall be canceled and  extinguished  without any conversion
     thereof.

          (c) Stock  Options.  At the  Effective  Time,  all options to purchase
          ------------------
     Company  Common  Stock  then  outstanding  under the  Company's  2002 Stock
     Incentive Plan (the "Company Stock Option Plan") shall be assumed by Parent
                          --------------------------
     in accordance with Section 5.9 hereof.

          (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of Common Stock, par value
              ----------------------------
     $.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding  immediately  prior to
     the  Effective  Time shall be converted  into and exchanged for one validly
     issued, fully paid, and nonassessable share of Common Stock, par value $.01
     per share, of the Surviving  Corporation.  Each stock certificate of Merger
     Sub  evidencing  ownership  of any such shares  shall  continue to evidence
     ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

          (e)  Adjustments to Exchange Ratio. If between the date hereof and the
               ------------------------------
     Effective  Time, the  outstanding  shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
     Common Stock shall be changed  into a different  number of shares by reason
     of  any  reclassification,   recapitalization,   reorganization,  split-up,
     combination,  or exchange of shares, or if any dividend payable in stock or
     other  securities  shall be declared thereon with a record date within such
     period,  or if the Parent  Rights  (as  defined  in  Section  3.22)  become
     exercisable  or  are  exercised,  the  Exchange  Ratio  shall  be  adjusted
     accordingly  to provide to the  holders  of Company  Common  Stock the same
     economic  benefit  as was  contemplated  by this  Agreement  prior  to such
     reclassification,  recapitalization, reorganization, split-up, combination,
     exchange, dividend, or other event.

          (f) Fractional  Shares.  No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
              -------------------
     will be issued by virtue of the Merger,  but in lieu thereof each holder of
     shares of  Company  Common  Stock  who would  otherwise  be  entitled  to a
     fraction  of  a  share  of  Parent  Common  Stock  (after  aggregating  all
     fractional  shares of Parent  Common  Stock to be received by such  holder)
     shall  receive from Parent an amount of cash  (rounded to the nearest whole
     cent) equal to the  product of (i) such  fraction,  multiplied  by (ii) the
     average  closing  price of a share of Parent  Common Stock for the ten most

                                       3

<PAGE>

recent  days that  Parent  Common  Stock has traded  ending on the  trading  day
immediately prior to the Effective Time, as reported on Nasdaq.

     1.7  Surrender of Certificates.

          (a) Exchange Agent. Registrar and Transfer Company, or another similar
              ---------------
     institution  selected  by  Parent,  shall act as the  exchange  agent  (the
     "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

          (b) Parent to Provide Common Stock. Promptly after the Effective Time,
              -------------------------------
     Parent  shall  make  available  to  the  Exchange  Agent  for  exchange  in
     accordance  with this  Article I,  through such  reasonable  procedures  as
     Parent and Company may mutually  adopt,  the shares of Parent  Common Stock
     issuable  pursuant  to Section 1.6 in exchange  for  outstanding  shares of
     Company  Common Stock and cash in an amount  sufficient for payment in lieu
     of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f).

          (c)  Exchange  Procedures.  Promptly  after the  Effective  Time,  the
               ---------------------
     Surviving  Corporation shall cause to be mailed to each holder of record of
     a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates")  which immediately prior
                                    ------------------
     to the Effective  Time  represented  outstanding  shares of Company  Common
     Stock  whose  shares  were  converted  into the right to receive  shares of
     Parent  Common  Stock and cash in lieu of  fractional  shares  pursuant  to
     Section 1.6, (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery
     shall be  effected,  and risk of loss and title to the  Certificates  shall
     pass,  only upon  delivery of the  Certificates  to the Exchange  Agent and
     shall  be in such  form  and have  such  other  provisions  as  Parent  may
     reasonably  specify)  and  (ii)  instructions  for  use  in  effecting  the
     surrender of the  Certificates  in exchange for  certificates  representing
     shares of Parent Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional  shares.  Upon
     surrender of a Certificate  for  cancellation  to the Exchange  Agent or to
     such other agent or agents as may be  appointed  by Parent,  together  with
     such  letter  of  transmittal,  duly  completed  and  validly  executed  in
     accordance with the  instructions  thereto,  the holder of such Certificate
     shall  be  entitled  to  receive  in   exchange   therefor  a   certificate
     representing  the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock and payment
     in lieu of  fractional  shares  which such  holder has the right to receive
     pursuant to Section 1.6, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith
     be canceled. Until so surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that, prior
     to the Effective Time,  represented  shares of Company Common Stock will be
     deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, other
     than the payment of dividends,  to evidence the right to receive the number
     of full  shares of Parent  Common  Stock into which such  shares of Company
     Common  Stock  shall  have been so  converted  and the right to  receive an
     amount  in cash  in  lieu  of the  issuance  of any  fractional  shares  in
     accordance with Section 1.6.

          (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged  Shares. No dividends or
              -----------------------------------------
     other distributions  declared or made after the date of this Agreement with
     respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective  Time
     will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to
     the shares of Parent Common Stock  represented  thereby until the holder of
     record of such  Certificate  shall surrender such  Certificate.  Subject to
     applicable law, following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be
     paid to the record holder of the certificates  representing whole shares of
     Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor,  without interest,  at the
     time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with

                                       4

<PAGE>

a record date after the Effective Time payable with respect to such whole shares
of Parent Common Stock.

          (e) Transfers of Ownership.  If any  certificate  for shares of Parent
              ----------------------
     Common  Stock is to be  issued  in a name  other  than  that in  which  the
     certificate  surrendered in exchange  therefor is registered,  it will be a
     condition of the issuance  thereof that the certificate so surrendered will
     be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
     person  requesting  such  exchange  will  have  paid to Parent or any agent
     designated  by it any  transfer  or other  taxes  required by reason of the
     issuance of a  certificate  for shares of Parent  Common  Stock in any name
     other than that of the registered holder of the certificate surrendered, or
     established  to the  satisfaction  of Parent or any agent  designated by it
     that such tax has been paid or is not payable.

          (f) No  Liability.  Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary in this
              --------------
     Section 1.7, none of the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation, Parent,
     and any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common
     Stock or  Company  Common  Stock for any amount  properly  paid to a public
     official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property,  escheat or similar
     law.

     1.8  No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.
          ----------------------------------------------------

     All shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
shares of Company  Common Stock in accordance  with the terms hereof  (including
any cash paid in respect  thereof)  shall be deemed to have been  issued in full
satisfaction  of all rights  pertaining to such shares of Company  Common Stock,
and there shall be no further  registration  of  transfers on the records of the
Surviving  Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock which were  outstanding
immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time.  If,  after  the  Effective  Time,
Certificates  are presented to the Surviving  Corporation  for any reason,  they
shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article I.

     1.9  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.
          ---------------------------------------

     In the event any  certificates  evidencing  shares of Company  Common Stock
shall have been lost,  stolen, or destroyed,  the Exchange Agent shall, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, issue in exchange for
such shares of Company  Common Stock such shares of Parent Common Stock and cash
in lieu of  fractional  shares,  if any, as may be required  pursuant to Section
1.6;  provided,  however,  that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance  thereof,  require the owner of such lost,  stolen, or
destroyed certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct
as indemnity  against any claim that may be made against  Parent,  the Surviving
Corporation,  or the Exchange Agent with respect to the certificates  alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

     1.10 Tax Consequences.
          ----------------

     It is intended by the parties  hereto that the Merger  shall  constitute  a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code.

     1.11 Taking of Necessary Actions; Further Action.
          --------------------------------------------

                                       5

<PAGE>


     If, at any time after the Effective  Time, any other action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this  Agreement and to vest the Surviving
Corporation  with full right,  title,  and  possession to all assets,  property,
rights,  privileges,  powers,  and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub, the
officers and directors of the Company and Merger Sub are fully authorized in the
name of their  respective  corporations or otherwise to take, and will take, all
such lawful and necessary action, so long as such action is consistent with this
Agreement.

                                   Article II

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
                  ---------------------------------------------

     The Company  represents  and warrants to Parent,  subject to the exceptions
specifically  disclosed  in writing in the  disclosure  letter  supplied  by the
Company to Parent (the  "Company  Letter") and dated as of the date  hereof,  as
follows:

     2.1  Organization of the Company.
          ----------------------------

     The Company and each of its material  subsidiaries  is a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly  existing,  and in  good  standing  under  the  laws  of the
jurisdiction of its  incorporation,  has the corporate power to own, lease,  and
operate its property and to carry on its business as now being  conducted and as
proposed to be  conducted,  and is duly  qualified  to do  business  and in good
standing as a foreign  corporation in each  jurisdiction in which the failure to
be so qualified  would have a Material  Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the
Company.   The  Company  owns,  directly  or  indirectly  through  one  or  more
subsidiaries, 100% of the capital stock of each of its subsidiaries and does not
directly or  indirectly  own any equity or similar  interest in, or any interest
convertible  into or  exchangeable  or  exercisable  for any  interest  in,  any
corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other business association or entity
other than the securities of any publicly traded entity held for investment only
and  constituting  less  than 5% of the  outstanding  capital  stock of any such
entity. For purposes of this Agreement,  the term "subsidiary" of the Company or
Parent,  as the case may be, means any Person  (other than a natural  person) of
which the  Company or  Parent,  as the case may be,  owns,  either  directly  or
indirectly,  a majority  of the total  combined  voting  power of all classes of
equity thereof having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect
a majority of the board of  directors  or its  equivalent.  The Company has made
available  to counsel  for Parent a true and  correct  copy of the  Articles  of
Incorporation  and By-laws of the Company and similar  governing  instruments of
its  material  subsidiaries,  each as  amended  to date.  For  purposes  of this
Agreement, "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the
business, properties, assets (including intangible assets), financial condition,
or results of operations of a Person (as defined below),  taken as a whole,  but
shall not include any of the foregoing  arising out of, related to, or otherwise
by virtue of (a)  conditions  affecting  the  economy or the  financial  markets
generally  (except to the extent that such  conditions  have a  disproportionate
adverse effect on such Person compared to other companies  similarly situated as
to  size,   financial  strength,   and/or  other  relevant  factors),   (b)  the
announcement  of or pendency  of any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  (c) events,  circumstances,  or conditions  generally  affecting the

                                       6

<PAGE>

industry in which such Person  operates  (except to the extent that such events,
circumstances,  or conditions  have a  disproportionate  adverse  effect on such
Person  compared to other  companies  similarly  situated as to size,  financial
strength,  and/or other  relevant  factors),  (d) any change in law or generally
accepted  accounting  principles,  or (e) as to Parent, any change in the market
price or trading volume of the securities of such Person (provided, that if such
change in market  price or trading  volume is caused by an  underlying  cause or
effect  which  would  otherwise  constitute  a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  such
underlying cause or effect shall nonetheless  continue to constitute and qualify
hereunder  as a  Material  Adverse  Effect).  For  purposes  of this  Agreement,
"Person"  shall  mean any  natural  person,  corporation,  general  partnership,
limited  partnership,  limited  liability  company,  proprietorship,   or  other
business organization.

     2.2 Company Capital Structure.
         --------------------------

     The authorized  capital stock of the Company consists of 30,000,000  shares
of Company Common Stock, of which 15,000,000  shares were issued and outstanding
as of February 28, 2003 and held of record and  beneficially by Concorde Equity,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Michael F. Young. All such shares
have been duly authorized,  and all such issued and outstanding shares have been
validly issued, are fully paid and  nonassessable,  and are free of any liens or
encumbrances other than any liens or encumbrances created by or imposed upon the
holders  thereof.  As of February 28, 2003,  the Company had reserved  1,500,000
shares of Company Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Company Stock Option
Plan,  under which options are  outstanding  for 702,500  shares.  All shares of
Company  Common Stock  subject to issuance as  aforesaid,  upon  issuance on the
terms and  conditions  specified in the  instruments  pursuant to which they are
issuable,   shall  be  duly   authorized,   validly  issued,   fully  paid,  and
nonassessable.  Since  February 28, 2003,  there have been no  amendments of any
Company  stock  options and no changes in the capital  structure  of the Company
other than  issuances  of Company  Common  Stock  upon the  exercise  of options
granted under the Company Stock Option Plan. No Person is or will be entitled to
exercise any  dissenter's or appraisal  rights with respect to or as a result of
the Merger.

     2.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock.
          ------------------------------------------

          (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.2, there are no equity securities
     of any class of the Company,  or any security  convertible or  exchangeable
     into or  exercisable  for such  equity  securities,  issued,  reserved  for
     issuance, or outstanding.  Except for securities the Company owns, directly
     or  indirectly  through  one or  more  subsidiaries,  there  are no  equity
     securities of any class of any  subsidiary of the Company,  or any security
     convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for such equity securities,
     issued,  reserved  for  issuance,  or  outstanding.  Except as set forth in
     Section 2.2,  there are no options,  warrants,  equity  securities,  calls,
     rights, commitments, or agreements of any character to which the Company or
     any of its  subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound  obligating the
     Company or any of its  subsidiaries to issue,  deliver or sell, or cause to
     be issued,  delivered or sold,  additional  shares of capital  stock of the
     Company or any of its  subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, or enter into any
     such  option,  warrant,  equity  security,  call,  right,  commitment,   or
     agreement.

          (b) There are no  registration  rights,  and there is no voting trust,
     proxy,  rights  agreement,  "poison  pill"  anti-takeover  plan,  or  other
     agreement or  understanding to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
     is a party or by which it or any of its  subsidiaries is bound with respect
     to any  security  of any  class  of the  Company  or  with  respect  to any
     security,  partnership interest, or similar ownership interest of any class
     of any of its subsidiaries. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
     the Company,  the performance by the Company of its obligations  hereunder,
     and  consummation by the Company of the  transactions  contemplated by this
     Agreement  will not,  alone or together  with any other event,  nor has any
     event occurred that would,  (i) entitle any Person to any payment under any

                                       7

<PAGE>

security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment, or agreement of the Company
or  (ii)  result  in an  acceleration  of  vesting,  a  change  in  post-service
exercisability  period,  or an  adjustment  to the  exercise  price or number of
shares issuable upon exercise of any security,  option,  warrant,  call,  right,
commitment, or agreement of the Company.

     2.4  Authority.
          ---------

          (a) The Company has all  requisite  corporate  power and  authority to
     enter into this Agreement and to consummate the  transactions  contemplated
     hereby.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  consummation
     of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby have been duly authorized by all
     necessary  corporate  action  on the  part of the  Company,  including  all
     necessary approvals of the stockholders of the Company.  This Agreement has
     been duly executed and delivered by the Company and  constitutes  the valid
     and binding obligation of the Company,  enforceable  against the Company in
     accordance  with its  terms,  except as  enforceability  may be  limited by
     bankruptcy  and other similar laws and general  principles  of equity.  The
     execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the  consummation of
     the transactions  contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in
     any  violation  of, or default  under  (with or without  notice or lapse of
     time, or both),  or give rise to a right of termination,  cancellation,  or
     acceleration  of any  obligation  or  loss  of any  benefit  under  (i) any
     provision  of the  Articles of  Incorporation  or By-laws of the Company or
     similar  governing  instruments  of any of its  subsidiaries  or  (ii)  any
     material mortgage,  indenture,  lease, contract, or other agreement, or any
     material permit, concession,  franchise,  license, judgment, order, decree,
     statute,  law, ordinance,  rule, or regulation applicable to the Company or
     its properties or assets.

          (b) No consent, approval, order, or authorization of, or registration,
     declaration,   or  filing  with,  any  court,   administrative  agency,  or
     commission   or   other    governmental    authority   or   instrumentality
     ("Governmental  Entity"),  is required by or with respect to the Company in
       --------------------
     connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company
     or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby,
     except for (i) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Virginia State
     Corporation  Commission  and  (ii)  such  other  consents,  authorizations,
     filings, approvals, and registrations which, if not obtained or made, would
     not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     2.5  SEC Filings; Company Financial Statements.
          ------------------------------------------

     (a)  Neither the Company nor any of the Company's  subsidiaries is required
          to file any forms,  reports or other documents with the Securities and
          Exchange Commission (the "SEC").
                                    ---

          (b) The  Company has  furnished  Parent with copies of (i) its audited
     consolidated  financial  statements for the fiscal years ended December 31,
     1999,  2000, 2001, and 2002 and (ii) its unaudited  consolidated  financial
     statements  for the  quarters  ended March 31,  2002,  June 30,  2002,  and

                                       8

<PAGE>

     September 30, 2002 (collectively,  including in each case any related notes
     thereto, the "Company Financial Statements"). Each of the Company Financial
                   ----------------------------
     Statements  (y) was prepared in  accordance  with United  States  generally
     accepted  accounting  principles  ("GAAP")  applied on a  consistent  basis
     throughout  the periods  involved  (except as may be indicated in the notes
     thereto) and (z) fairly  presented the consolidated  financial  position of
     the Company and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the
     consolidated  results  of  its  operations,  cash  flows,  and  changes  in
     stockholders' equity (if presented) for the periods indicated,  except that
     the  unaudited  interim  financial  statements  were  subject to normal and
     recurring  year-end  adjustments  which were  notmaterial  in  amount.  The
     audited  balance  sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2002  provided by
     the Company to Parent is  hereinafter  referred to as the "Company  Balance
     Sheet."

     2.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
          -------------------------------------

          Except with  respect to the actions  contemplated  by this  Agreement,
     since  the  date  of  the  Company  Balance  Sheet,  the  Company  and  its
     subsidiaries  have conducted  their  businesses only in the ordinary course
     and in a manner  consistent with past practice and, since such date,  there
     has  not  been  (a) any  Material  Adverse  Effect  on the  Company  or any
     development  that reasonably  would be expected to have a Material  Adverse
     Effect on the Company,  (b) any material  liability  (direct or contingent)
     which did not arise in the ordinary  course of  business,  or (c) any other
     action or event that would have required the consent of Parent  pursuant to
     Section  4.1 had such  action  or  event  occurred  after  the date of this
     Agreement.

     2.7  Taxes.
          -----

          (a) Definition of Taxes. For the purposes of this Agreement,  "Tax" or
                                                                         ---
     "Taxes"  refers to any and all federal,  state,  local,  and foreign taxes,
      -----
     assessments,   and  other  government  charges,  duties,  impositions,  and
     liabilities  relating to taxes,  including  taxes based upon or measured by
     gross receipts,  net operating  losses,  income,  profits,  sales,  use and
     occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise,  withholding,
     payroll, recapture,  employment,  excise, and property taxes, together with
     all interest, penalties, and additions imposed with respect to such amounts
     and any  obligations  under any agreements or  arrangements  with any other
     person with respect to such amounts and  including  any liability for taxes
     of a predecessor entity.

          (b) Tax Returns and Audits.
              -----------------------

                  (i) Each of the Company and its  subsidiaries has timely filed
     all federal,  state,  local,  and foreign returns,  estimates,  information
     statements,  and reports ("Returns") relating to Taxes required to be filed
     by the Company and each of its subsidiaries,  except such Returns which are
     not material to the Company.  All such Returns were correct and complete in
     all material  respects.  Each of Company and its  subsidiaries has paid all
     Taxes due and owing by the  Company  and its  subsidiaries  (whether or not
     shown  on any  Tax  Return).  None  of the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries
     currently is the  beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file
     any Return.

                                       9

<PAGE>


                  (ii)  Except as is not  material to the  Company,  each of the
     Company and its  subsidiaries  will have withheld as of the Effective  Time
     with respect to its employees all income Taxes, FICA, FUTA, and other Taxes
     required to be withheld.

                  (iii) Except as is not  material to the  Company,  neither the
     Company nor any of its  subsidiaries  has been delinquent in the payment of
     any Tax nor is there any Tax deficiency outstanding,  proposed, or assessed
     against the Company or any of its subsidiaries,  nor has the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries executed any waiver of any statute of limitations on or
     extending the period for the assessment or collection of any Tax.

                  (iv)  Except as is not  material to the  Company,  no audit or
     other  examination of any Return of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries
     is presently in  progress,  nor has the Company or any of its  subsidiaries
     been notified of any request for such an audit or other examination.

                  (v) Neither the  Company nor any of its  subsidiaries  has any
     liability  for unpaid  Taxes  which have not been  accrued  for or reserved
     against on the  Company  Balance  Sheet in  accordance  with GAAP,  whether
     asserted or unasserted,  contingent or otherwise,  which is material to the
     Company,  except  liability  for unpaid Taxes which have accrued  since the
     date of the Company Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business.

                  (vi) None of the  Company's  assets is treated as  "tax-exempt
     use property" within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

                  (vii) There is no contract,  agreement,  plan, or arrangement,
     including but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement, covering any
     employee or former employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that,
     individually or collectively,  could give rise to the payment of any amount
     for which a deduction will be disallowed by reason of Sections  280G,  404,
     or 162(b) through (o) of the Code.

                  (viii)  Neither the Company  nor any of its  subsidiaries  has
     filed any consent  agreement  under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to
     have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection
     (f)  asset (as  defined  in  Section  341(f)(4)  of the Code)  owned by the
     Company or any of is subsidiaries.

                  (ix)  The  Company  is not,  and has not been at any  time,  a
     "United  States real property  holding  corporation"  within the meaning of
     Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

                  (x) None of the Company and its subsidiaries is a party to any
     tax  allocation  or  sharing  agreement.   None  of  the  Company  and  its
     subsidiaries  (A) has been a member  of an  Affiliated  Group  (within  the
     meaning of Section  1504(a) of the Code, or any similar group defined under
     a similar provision of state,  local, or foreign law) filing a consolidated
     federal  Return  (other  than a group  the  common  parent of which was the
     Company) or (B) has any  liability  for the taxes of any person (other than
     any of the Company and its subsidiaries) under Treas. Reg.  ss.1.1502-6 (or
     any similar  provision of state,  local, or foreign law) as a transferee or
     successor, by contract, or otherwise.

                                       10

<PAGE>


                  (xi)  The  Company  has  furnished  Parent  with a list of all
     federal,  state,  local,  and foreign Tax Returns filed with respect to the
     Company and its  subsidiaries for taxable periods ended on or after October
     31, 1999,  which list  indicates  those Tax Returns that have been audited.
     The Company has  delivered  to Parent  correct and  complete  copies of all
     federal  income  Tax  Returns,   examination  reports,  and  statements  of
     deficiencies  assessed  against,  or  agreed  to by  the  Company  and  its
     Subsidiaries since October 31, 1999.

                  (xii)  To the best of the  Company's  knowledge,  neither  the
     Company nor any of its subsidiaries will be required to include any item of
     income in, or exclude any item of deduction  from,  taxable  income for any
     taxable  period (or portion  thereof)  ending  after the Closing  Date as a
     result  of any (A)  change in method  of  accounting  for a taxable  period
     ending  on or  prior  to the  Closing  Date;  (B)  "closing  agreement"  as
     described in Code ss. 7121 (or any  corresponding  or similar  provision of
     state, local or foreign income Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing
     Date; (C) intercompany transactions or any excess loss account described in
     Treasury  Regulations  under Code ss. 1502 (or any corresponding or similar
     provision of state,  local or foreign income Tax law); (D) installment sale
     or open  transaction  disposition  made on or prior to the Closing Date; or
     (E) prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing Date.

     2.8  Absence of Liens and Encumbrances.
          ----------------------------------

          Each of the Company and its  subsidiaries has good and valid title to,
     or, in the case of leased properties and assets,  valid leasehold interests
     in, all of its material tangible properties and assets,  real, personal and
     mixed,  used in its business,  free and clear of any liens or  encumbrances
     except as  reflected  in the Company  Financial  Statements  and except for
     liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such imperfections of title and
     encumbrances,  if any,  which are not  material in  character,  amount,  or
     extent and which do not  materially  detract from the value,  or materially
     interfere with the present use, of the property subject thereto or affected
     thereby.

     2.9  Intellectual Property.
          ----------------------

          (a) The  Company,  directly  or  indirectly,  owns,  or is licensed or
     otherwise  possesses  legally  enforceable  rights  to  use,  all  patents,
     trademarks,  trade names, service marks,  copyrights,  and any applications
     therefor, maskworks, net lists, schematics,  technology, know-how, computer
     software  programs  or  applications  (in both  source code and object code
     form),  and  tangible or  intangible  proprietary  information  or material
     (excluding  Commercial Software as defined in Paragraph (c) below) that are
     material  to the  business  of the  Company as  currently  conducted  or as
     proposed to be conducted by the Company (the "Company Intellectual Property
     Rights").                                     -----------------------------
     ------

          (b) The Company is not in  violation of any  license,  sublicense,  or
     agreement  related  directly to the Company  Intellectual  Property  Rights
     except such  violations as do not  materially  impair the Company's  rights
     under such license, sublicense, or agreement. The execution and delivery of
     this Agreement by the Company,  and the  consummation  of the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby,  will neither cause the Company to be in violation or
     default  under any such license,  sublicense,  or agreement nor entitle any
     other party to any such license,  sublicense,  or agreement to terminate or
     modify such license,  sublicense,  or agreement  except such  violations or
     defaults  as do not  materially  impair  the  Company's  rights  under such

                                       11

<PAGE>

     license,  sublicense,  or agreement. No material claims with respect to the
     Company  Intellectual  Property  Rights  have  been  asserted  or,  to  the
     knowledge  of the  Company,  are  threatened  by  any  Person  nor,  to the
     knowledge  of the  Company,  are there any valid  grounds for any bona fide
     material claims (i) to the effect that the manufacture, sale, licensing, or
     use of any of the products of the Company or any of its subsidiaries as now
     manufactured,  sold, licensed,  or used or proposed for manufacture,  sale,
     licensing, or use by the Company infringes on any copyright,  patent, trade
     mark, service mark, or trade secret, (ii) against the use by the Company or
     any of its  subsidiaries  of any  trademarks,  service marks,  trade names,
     trade  secrets,  copyrights,  patents,  technology,  know-how,  or computer
     software  programs  and  applications  used in the  Company's  business  as
     currently  conducted or as proposed to be conducted,  or (iii)  challenging
     the  ownership by the Company,  validity,  or  effectiveness  of any of the
     Company Intellectual  Property Rights. All material registered  trademarks,
     service marks, and copyrights held by the Company are valid and subsisting.
     To the  knowledge of the Company,  there is no material  unauthorized  use,
     infringement,  or  misappropriation  of  any of  the  Company  Intellectual
     Property  Rights by any  third  party,  including  any  employee  or former
     employee of the Company.  No Company  Intellectual  Property Right owned by
     the  Company or product of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries,  or, to
     the knowledge of the Company,  Company Intellectual Property Right licensed
     by the Company or its subsidiaries,  is subject to any outstanding  decree,
     order,  judgment,  or  stipulation  restricting in any manner the licensing
     thereof by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  Neither the Company nor
     any of its  subsidiaries  has entered  into any  agreement  under which the
     Company or its  subsidiaries  is  restricted  from selling,  licensing,  or
     otherwise  distributing  any of its products to any class of customers,  in
     any  geographic  area,  during any period of time, or in any segment of the
     market.

          (c)  "Commercial  Software"  means  packaged  commercially   available
                --------------------
     software programs generally  available to the public through retail dealers
     in computer  software  which have been  licensed to the Company (or, in the
     case of Section 3.9, to Parent) pursuant to end-user licenses and which are
     used in the  Company's  business  (or in  Parent's  business in the case of
     Section  3.9)  but  are  in no way a  component  of or  incorporated  in or
     specifically  required  to develop or support any of the  Company's  (or of
     Parent's  in the case of Section  3.9)  products  and  related  trademarks,
     technology and know-how.

     2.10 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.
          --------------------------------------

          Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has, nor is it a party
     to nor is it bound by:

                  (a) any collective bargaining agreements;

                  (b) any bonus, deferred compensation,  incentive compensation,
     pension, profit-sharing, or retirement plans, or any other employee benefit
     plans or arrangements;

                  (c) any  employment  or  consulting  agreement,  contract,  or
     commitment with any officer or director-level  employee,  not terminable by
     the Company on thirty days' notice without liability,  except to the extent
     general  principles  of wrongful  termination  law may limit the  Company's
     ability to terminate employees at will;

                                       12

<PAGE>


                  (d) any agreement or plan, including,  without limitation, any
     stock option plan, stock  appreciation  right plan, or stock purchase plan,
     any of the  benefits of which will be  increased or the vesting of benefits
     of which will be accelerated  by the occurrence of any of the  transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which
     will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions  contemplated by
     this Agreement; or

                  (e) any agreement, contract, or commitment (excluding real and
     personal property leases) which involves payment by the Company of $100,000
     or more  (excluding  amounts which are already owing by the Company or such
     subsidiary at the date of the Company  Balance Sheet) and is not cancelable
     without penalty within thirty (30) days.

     2.11 No Default.
          -----------


          Neither the Company nor any of its  subsidiaries  has  breached in any
     material  respect,  or  received in writing any claim or threat that it has
     breached in any material respect, any of the terms or conditions of any (i)
     agreement,  contract, or commitment that was or is material to the business
     of the Company or (ii) any agreement  under which the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries  licenses from a third party any Company Intellectual Property
     Rights included in the Company's  products in such a manner as would permit
     any other party to cancel or  terminate  the same or would permit any other
     party to seek  material  damages from the Company  thereunder.  Each of the
     agreements,  contracts, and commitments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii)
     above that has not expired or been  terminated in accordance with its terms
     is in full force and effect  and,  except as  otherwise  disclosed,  is not
     subject to any material default thereunder of which the Company is aware by
     any party obligated to the Company pursuant thereto.

     2.12 Governmental Authorization.
          ---------------------------

          The  Company  holds  all  permits,  licenses,  variances,  exemptions,
     orders,  and approvals of all  Governmental  Entities which are material to
     the  operation  of the  Company's  business  as  currently  conducted  (the
     "Company Permits"). The Company is in material compliance with the terms of
     the Company Permits.  The business of the Company is not being conducted in
     violation of any law, ordinance,  or regulation of any Governmental Entity,
     except for violations or possible  violations which  individually or in the
     aggregate  would not have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company.  As of
     the date of this Agreement,  no investigation or review by any Governmental
     Entity with  respect to the Company is pending or, to the  knowledge of the
     Company,  threatened,  nor  to  the  knowledge  of  the  Company,  has  any
     Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct the same, other than,
     in each case,  those the outcome of which would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on the Company.

                                       13

<PAGE>


     2.13 Litigation.
          -----------

          There  is  no  action,  suit,  proceeding,   claim,  arbitration,   or
     investigation pending or as to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
     has received any notice of assertion  nor, to the Company's  knowledge,  is
     there a  reasonable  basis to expect such notice of  assertion  against the
     Company or any of its  subsidiaries  which it is reasonable to expect that,
     if determined  adversely to the Company or any of its  subsidiaries,  would
     have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     2.14 Environmental Matters.
          ----------------------

          Neither  the  Company  nor  any of its  subsidiaries  has  been  or is
     currently  in  material  violation  of  any  applicable  statute,  law,  or
     regulation  relating to the environment or  occupational  health and safety
     ("Environmental  and  Occupational  Laws").  Each  of the  Company  and its
     subsidiaries  has  all  permits  and  other   governmental   authorizations
     currently  required  by  all  applicable  statutes,  laws,  or  regulations
     relating to the environment or occupational health and safety necessary for
     the  conduct  of  its  business.   Neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its
     subsidiaries has received any communication from a Governmental  Entity, or
     any written communication from any Person other than a Governmental Entity,
     that  alleges  that  it is not in full  compliance  with  Environmental  or
     Occupational Laws, except for matters alleging items which would not have a
     Material Adverse Effect on the Company. There is no claim of a violation of
     Environmental  and  Occupational  Laws pending or, to the  knowledge of the
     Company, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries,  except
     for matters  alleging items which would not have a Material  Adverse Effect
     on the Company.

     2.15 Brokers' and Finders' Fees.
          ---------------------------

          The  Company  has not  incurred,  and it will not incur,  directly  or
     indirectly,  any  liability  for  brokerage  or  finders'  fees or  agents'
     commissions or any similar charges in connection  with this Agreement,  the
     Merger, or any transaction contemplated hereby.

     2.16 Labor Matters.
          --------------

          There  are no  pending  or,  to the  Company's  knowledge,  threatened
     material  claims against the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  under any
     workers' compensation plan or policy or for long-term  disability.  Each of
     the Company and its United States subsidiaries has complied in all material
     respects with all applicable  provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
     Reconciliation  Act of 1985 ("COBRA") and has no material  obligations with
                                   -----
     respect to any former employees or qualifying beneficiaries thereunder.

     2.17 Employee Benefit Plans.
          -----------------------

          (a) The Company has made available to Parent (i) accurate and complete
     copies of all  Benefit  Plan  documents  and all other  material  documents
     relating thereto,  including (if applicable) all summary plan descriptions,
     summary annual reports, and insurance contracts, (ii) accurate and complete
     detailed  summaries of all  unwritten  Benefit  Plans,  (iii)  accurate and
     complete  copies of the most  recent  financial  statements  and  actuarial
     reports with respect to all Benefit Plans for which financial statements or
     actuarial reports are required or have been prepared, and (iv) accurate and
     complete  copies of all annual  reports  for all  Benefit  Plans (for which
     annual reports are required) prepared within the last three years. "Benefit
     Plans" means all employee  benefit plans within the meaning of Section 3(3)
     of the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act  of  1974,  as  amended
     ("ERISA"), and any related or separate contracts,  plans, trusts, programs,
     policies,  arrangements,  practices,  customs, and understandings,  in each
     case whether formal or informal, that provide benefits of economic value to
     any present or former  employee of the Company  (or, in the case of Section
     3.17, Parent) or present or former beneficiary,  dependent,  or assignee of
     any such employee or former employee.

                                       14

<PAGE>


          (b) All Benefit  Plans of the Company  conform  (and at all times have
     conformed)  in all  material  respects to, and are being  administered  and
     operated (and have at all time been  administered and operated) in material
     compliance  with,  the  requirements  of  ERISA,  the  Code,  and all other
     applicable  laws or governmental  regulations.  All returns,  reports,  and
     disclosure  statements  required  to be made under  ERISA and the Code with
     respect to all Benefit  Plans have been timely  filed or  delivered.  There
     have not been any  "prohibited  transactions,"  as such term is  defined in
     Section  4975 of the  Code or  Section  406 of ERISA  involving  any of the
     Benefit  Plans,  that could subject the Company to any material  penalty or
     tax imposed under the Code or ERISA.

          (c) Any Benefit  Plan that is intended to be qualified  under  Section
     401(a) of the Code and exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code has
     been established under a standardized  prototype plan for which an Internal
     Revenue Service opinion letter has been obtained by the plan sponsor and is
     valid as to the Company as an adopting  employer or has been  determined by
     the Internal  Revenue Service to be so qualified or an application for such
     determination is pending. Any such opinion letter or determination that has
     been obtained remains in effect and has not been revoked, and, with respect
     to any  application  that is pending,  the Company has no reason to suspect
     that  such  application  for  determination  will be  denied.  Nothing  has
     occurred since the date of any such  establishment or determination that is
     reasonably  likely to affect  adversely such  qualification or exemption or
     result in the  imposition  of excise  taxes or  income  taxes on  unrelated
     business income under the Code or ERISA with respect to any Benefit Plan.

          (d) The Company  does not sponsor a defined  benefit  plan  subject to
     Title IV of ERISA,  nor does it have a current or contingent  obligation to
     contribute  to any  multiemployer  plan (as  defined  in  Section  3(37) of
     ERISA).  The Company does not have any material  liability  with respect to
     any employee  benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than
     with respect to the Benefit  Plans.  For purposes of this Section 2.17, the
     term "the Company"  shall include any  corporation  that is a member of any
     controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the Code)
     that  includes  the  Company,   any  trade  or  business  (whether  or  not
     incorporated) that is under common control (as defined in Section 414(c) of
     the Code) with the Company, any organization  (whether or not incorporated)
     that is a member of an  affiliated  service  group (as  defined  in Section
     414(m) of the Code) that includes the Company and any other entity required
     to be aggregated with the Company pursuant to the regulations  issued under
     Section 414(o) of the Code.

          (e)  There  are no  pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of the  Company,
     threatened  claims by or on behalf of any Benefit Plans, or by or on behalf
     of any  individual  participants  or  beneficiaries  of any Benefit  Plans,
     alleging any breach of fiduciary  duty on the part of the Company or any of
     its officers,  directors,  or employees under ERISA or any other applicable
     regulations,  or claiming  benefit  payments  (other than those made in the
     ordinary  operation of such plans),  nor is there,  to the knowledge of the
     Company,  any basis for such claim,  except in any such case as  reasonably
     would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The
     Benefit  Plans are not the subject of any pending (or to the  knowledge  of
     the Company, any threatened) investigation or audit by the Internal Revenue
     Service,   the  Department  of  Labor,  or  the  Pension  Benefit  Guaranty
     Corporation ("PBGC").
                   -----

                                       15

<PAGE>


          (f) The Company has timely made all required  contributions  under the
     Benefit Plans including the payment of any premiums payable to the PBGC and
     other insurance premiums.

          (g) With  respect  to any  Benefit  Plan that is an  employee  welfare
     benefit  plan  (within  the  meaning of Section  3(1) of ERISA) (a "Welfare
                                                                         -------
     Plan"),  (i) each Welfare Plan for which  contributions  are claimed by the
     ----
     Company  as  deductions  under  any  provision  of the Code is in  material
     compliance with all applicable  requirements  pertaining to such deduction,
     (ii) with  respect to any  welfare  benefit  fund  (within  the  meaning of
     Section  419  of  the  Code)  related  to  a  Welfare  Plan,  there  is  no
     disqualified  benefit  (within the meaning of Section  4976(b) of the Code)
     that would result in the  imposition of a tax under Section  4976(a) of the
     Code,  (iii) any  Benefit  Plan that is a group  health  plan  (within  the
     meaning of Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code) complies, and in each and every
     case has complied,  with all of the  applicable  material  requirements  of
     Section 4980B of the Code,  ERISA,  Title XXII of the Public Health Service
     Act, and the Social Security Act, and (iv) all Welfare Plans may be amended
     or  terminated  at any time on or after the Closing  Date.  No Benefit Plan
     provides any health,  life, or other  welfare  coverage to employees of the
     Company beyond  termination of their  employment with the Company by reason
     or retirement or  otherwise,  other than coverage as may be required  under
     Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of ERISA, or under the  continuation of
     coverage provisions of the laws of any state or locality.

     2.18 Compliance With Laws.
          ---------------------

     Each of the  Company and its  subsidiaries  has  complied  in all  material
respects with, is not in material violation of, and has not received any notices
of violation  with respect to, any federal,  state,  or local  statute,  law, or
regulation  with  respect to the  conduct of its  business or the  ownership  or
operation of its business,  except in any such case as  reasonably  would not be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     2.19 Board Approval.
          ---------------

     On or prior to the date of this  Agreement,  the Board of  Directors of the
Company,  by votes  duly  adopted by  unanimous  approval  of those  voting at a
meeting duly called and held and not  subsequently  rescinded or modified in any
way, has duly (a) determined  that this Agreement and the Merger are fair to and
in the best  interests of the Company and its  stockholders,  (b) approved  this
Agreement  and the Merger  and  determined  that the  execution,  delivery,  and
performance  of this  Agreement  is  desirable,  and (c)  recommended  that  the
stockholders  of the Company  approve and adopt this Agreement and directed that
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be immediately submitted
for consideration by the Company's stockholders.

     2.20 Stockholder Approval.
          ---------------------

     On or prior to the date of this Agreement, the stockholders of the Company,
by votes duly  adopted by  unanimous  approval  of all holders of all issued and
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock at a meeting duly called and held and

                                       16

<PAGE>

not  subsequently  rescinded  or modified  in any way,  have duly  approved  and
adopted this Agreement,  the Merger, and the other transactions  contemplated by
this Agreement.

     2.21 "Antitakeover Laws" Not Applicable.
          ------------------------------------

     No "fair  price,"  "business  combination,"  "moratorium,"  "control  share
acquisition"  or other form of  antitakeover  statute or regulation (a "Takeover
Statute"),  including Section 13-1-728.1-9 of the VSCA, is or will be applicable
(as to the Company) to the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement
or the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

     2.22 Accounting System.
          ------------------

     The Company maintains a system of internal  accounting  controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance
with  management's  general or specific  authorizations;  (b)  transactions  are
recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial   statements  in
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;  (c) access to assets
is  permitted  only  in  accordance  with   management's   general  or  specific
authorization;  and (d) the recorded  accountability for assets is compared with
the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

     2.23 Full Disclosure.
          ----------------

     Neither this Agreement nor any written statement,  report or other document
furnished by the Company  pursuant to this  Agreement or in connection  with the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  contains any untrue  statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained herein or therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not false or misleading.

                                  Article III

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT
                    ----------------------------------------

     Parent  represents  and warrants to the Company,  subject to the exceptions
specifically  disclosed  in the  disclosure  letter  supplied  by  Parent to the
Company (the "Parent Letter") and dated as of the date hereof, as follows:

     3.1  Organization of Parent.
          -----------------------

     Parent is a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing,  and in good
standing  under  the  laws of the  jurisdiction  of its  incorporation,  has the
corporate  power to own,  lease,  and operate its property,  and to carry on its
business as now being  conducted  and as proposed to be  conducted,  and is duly
qualified to do business and in good standing as a foreign  corporation  in each
jurisdiction  in which the  failure  to be so  qualified  would  have a Material
Adverse  Effect on Parent.  Except as set forth in the Parent  SEC  Reports  (as
defined in Section 3.5), Parent owns, directly or indirectly through one or more
subsidiaries, 100% of the capital stock of each of its subsidiaries and does not
directly or  indirectly  own any equity or similar  interest in, or any interest

                                       17

<PAGE>

convertible  into or  exchangeable  or  exercisable  for any  interest  in,  any
corporation, partnership, joint venture, or other business association or entity
other than the securities of any publicly-traded entity held for investment only
and  constituting  less  than 5% of the  outstanding  capital  stock of any such
entity.  Parent has made available to counsel for the Company a true and correct
copy of the Articles of Organization  and By-laws or other charter  documents of
Parent, and similar governing instruments of its material subsidiaries,  each as
amended to date.


     3.2  Capital Structure.
          ------------------

          (a) The  authorized  capital stock of Parent  consists of  100,000,000
     shares of Parent Common Stock, of which  16,708,313  shares  (together with
     the appropriate  number of Parent Rights) were issued and outstanding as of
     February 28, 2003, and 4,500,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $.01 par value,
     of which 1,000,000  shares have been designated as Class One  Participating
     Cumulative Preferred Stock ("Parent Class One Preferred Stock") and none of
                                  --------------------------------
     which is issued or outstanding.  All such shares have been duly authorized,
     and all such issued and outstanding  shares have been validly  issued,  are
     fully  paid and  nonassessable,  and are free of any liens or  encumbrances
     other than any liens or encumbrances created by or imposed upon the holders
     thereof.  As of February 28, 2003, Parent had reserved  4,882,370 shares of
     Parent Common Stock for issuance pursuant to Parent's 1986 Stock Plan, 1987
     Stock Plan,  1988 Stock Plan,  1996 Stock Plan, 1997 Stock Plan, 1999 Stock
     Plan, and 2001 Nonqualified  Stock Option Plan  (collectively,  the "Parent
                                                                          ------
     Stock Option  Plan"),  under which options were  outstanding  for 2,805,574
     -------------------
     shares,  912,521  shares  of Parent  Common  Stock  for  issuance  upon the
     exercise  of the  Parent  Warrants  (which  as of  February  28,  2003  are
     outstanding for an aggregate of 912,521 shares of Parent Common Stock), and
     1,000,000  shares of Parent Class One  Preferred  Stock for  issuance  upon
     exercise  of Parent  Rights  from time to time  outstanding.  All shares of
     Parent Common Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid,  upon issuance on the
     terms and conditions  specified in the  instruments  pursuant to which they
     are issuable,  shall be duly  authorized,  validly issued,  fully paid, and
     nonassessable.  Since  February 28, 2003,  there have been no amendments of
     any  Parent  stock  options  or  warrants  and no  changes  in the  capital
     structure  of  Parent  other  than  issuances  of Parent  Common  Stock and
     associated  Parent  Rights upon the exercise of options  granted  under the
     Parent Stock Option Plan.

          (b) The shares of Parent  Common  Stock to be issued  pursuant  to the
     Merger will, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
     and nonassessable.

     3.3  Obligations With Respect to Capital Stock.
          ------------------------------------------

          (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.2, there are no equity securities
     of any class of Parent, or any security convertible or exchangeable into or
     exercisable for such equity securities,  issued,  reserved for issuance, or
     outstanding.  Except for  securities  Parent owns,  directly or  indirectly
     through one or more  subsidiaries,  there are no equity  securities  of any
     class  of  any  subsidiary  of  Parent,  or  any  security  convertible  or
     exchangeable  into or  exercisable  for  such  equity  securities,  issued,
     reserved for issuance, or outstanding.  Except as set forth in Section 3.2,
     there  are  no  options,   warrants,  equity  securities,   calls,  rights,
     commitments,  or  agreements of any character to which Parent or any of its
     subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound obligating Parent or any of
     its  subsidiaries  to  issue,  deliver,  or sell,  or  cause to be  issued,
     delivered,  or sold, additional shares of capital stock of Parent or any of

                                       18

<PAGE>

     its subsidiaries or obligating  Parent or any of its subsidiaries to grant,
     extend,  accelerate the vesting of, or enter into any such option, warrant,
     equity security, call, right, commitment, or agreement.

          (b) Except as  contemplated  by this  Agreement  and the Parent Rights
     Agreement,  there are no registration rights, and there is no voting trust,
     proxy,  rights  agreement,  "poison  pill"  anti-takeover  plan,  or  other
     agreement or  understanding to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a
     party or by which it or any of its  subsidiaries  is bound with  respect to
     any  security  of any  class of  Parent or with  respect  to any  security,
     partnership  interest, or similar ownership interest of any class of any of
     its  subsidiaries.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent,
     the performance by Parent of its obligations hereunder, and consummation by
     Parent of the  transactions  contemplated by this Agreement will not, alone
     or together  with any other event,  nor has any event  occurred that would,
     (i) entitle any Person to any payment under any security,  option, warrant,
     call,  right,  commitment,  or  agreement  of Parent,  or (ii) result in an
     acceleration of vesting, a change in post-service exercisability period, or
     an  adjustment  to the  exercise  price or number of shares  issuable  upon
     exercise of any security,  option,  warrant,  call, right,  commitment,  or
     agreement of Parent.

     3.4  Authority.
          ---------

          (a) Parent has all  requisite  corporate  power and authority to enter
     into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
     The execution and delivery of this  Agreement and the  consummation  of the
     transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
     corporate  action on the part of Parent subject only to the approval of the
     change of Parent's  corporate name as contemplated by Section 5.14 below by
     the vote of a majority of the Parent  Common Stock  issued and  outstanding
     and  entitled  to vote at a duly held  meeting of the  stockholders  of the
     Parent.  This  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and
     constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against
     Parent  in  accordance  with its  terms,  except as  enforceability  may be
     limited by  bankruptcy  and other  similar laws and general  principles  of
     equity.  The execution  and delivery of this  Agreement by Parent does not,
     and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Parent will
     not,  conflict  with, or result in any violation of, or default under (with
     or without  notice or lapse of time,  or both),  or give rise to a right of
     termination,  cancellation,  or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a
     benefit under (i) any provision of the Articles of  Organization or By-laws
     of Parent or similar  governing  instruments of any of its  subsidiaries or
     (ii) any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, or other agreement,
     or any material permit,  concession,  franchise,  license, judgment, order,
     decree,  statute, law, ordinance,  rule, or regulation applicable to Parent
     or its properties or assets.

          (b) No consent, approval, order, or authorization of, or registration,
     declaration, or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with
     respect to Parent in  connection  with the  execution  and delivery of this
     Agreement  by Parent  or the  consummation  by  Parent of the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby,  except for (i) the filing of the  Articles of Merger
     with the Virginia State Corporation  Commission,  (ii) the filing of one or
     more Forms 8-K with the SEC, (iii) the filing of a Proxy Statement with the
     SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
     "Exchange  Act") relating to the name change  contemplated  by Section 5.14
     below, (iv) the filing of Articles of Amendment with the Secretary of State
     of  the  Commonwealth  of   Massachusetts   relating  to  the  name  change

                                       19

<PAGE>

     contemplated by Section 5.14 below, (v) such consents,  approvals,  orders,
     authorizations, registrations, declarations, and filings as may be required
     in connection  with Parent's use of the trade name  contemplated by Section
     5.14, (vi) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
     declarations,  and filings as may be required under applicable  federal and
     state  securities  laws and the laws of any  foreign  country,  (vii)  such
     consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,  registrations,  declarations,
     and  filings  as may be  required  in  connection  with the  formation  and
     organization  of Merger  Sub and the  participation  of  Merger  Sub in the
     transactions   contemplated  by  this  Agreement,  and  (viii)  such  other
     consents,  authorizations,  filings, approvals, and registrations which, if
     not obtained or made, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.5  SEC Filings, Parent Financial Statements.
          -----------------------------------------

          (a) Parent has filed all forms,  reports, and documents required to be
filed with the SEC since January 1, 1999 and has made  available to the Company,
in the form  filed  with the SEC,  (i) its  Annual  Reports on Form 10-K for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 1999, 2000, and 2001, (ii) its Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the periods  ended March 31, June 30, and  September  30, 2002,
(iii) all  proxy  statements  relating  to  Parent's  meetings  of  stockholders
(whether  annual or special) held since January 1, 2000,  (iv) all other reports
or registration  statements  filed by Parent with the SEC since January 1, 1999,
and (v) all amendments and supplements to all such reports, proxy statements and
registration  statements  filed by Parent with the SEC. All such required forms,
reports and documents  (including those enumerated in clauses (i) through (v) of
the  preceding  sentence) are referred to herein as the "Parent SEC Reports." As
                                                         -------------------
of  their  respective  dates,  the  Parent  SEC  Reports  (i) were  prepared  in
accordance with the  requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities  Act") or the  Exchange  Act,  as the case may be, and the rules and
-----------------
regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Reports and (ii)
did not at the time they were  filed (or if amended  or  superseded  by a filing
prior to the date of this  Agreement,  then on the date of such filing)  contain
any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to  state a  material  fact
required  to be stated  therein  or  necessary  in order to make the  statements
therein,  in the light of the  circumstances  under  which they were  made,  not
misleading. None of Parent's subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports
or other documents with the SEC.

          (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including,  in each
case,  any related  notes  thereto)  contained  in the Parent SEC  Reports  (the
"Parent  Financial   Statements"),   including  any  Parent  SEC  Reports  filed
-----------------------------  after  the date  hereof  until the  Closing,  (x)
complied or will comply as to form in all material  respects  with the published
rules  and  regulations  of the SEC  with  respect  thereto,  (y) was or will be
prepared in accordance  with GAAP applied on a consistent  basis  throughout the
periods  involved  (except as may be  indicated  in the notes  thereto)  and (z)
fairly presented or will fairly present the consolidated  financial  position of
Parent  and  its  subsidiaries  as at  the  respective  dates  thereof  and  the
consolidated results of its operations,  cash flows and changes in stockholders'
equity (if  presented)  for the periods  indicated,  except  that the  unaudited
interim  financial  statements  were or are  subject  to  normal  and  recurring
year-end  adjustments  which  were not or are not  expected  to be  material  in
amount.  The balance  sheet of Parent as of December 31, 2002 provided by Parent
to the  Company  is  hereinafter  referred  to as the  "Parent  Balance  Sheet."
                                                        -----------------------

                                       20

<PAGE>

          (c) Parent has  heretofore  furnished  to the  Company a complete  and
correct copy of any amendments or  modifications,  which have not yet been filed
with the SEC but which are  required to be filed,  to  agreements,  documents or
other  instruments  which  previously  had  been  filed by  Parent  with the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

     3.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
          -------------------------------------

     Except  with  respect to the  actions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  or
disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, since the date of the Parent Balance Sheet,
Parent and its subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary
course and in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such date, there
has not been (a) any Material  Adverse Effect on Parent or any development  that
reasonably  would be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect on Parent,  (b)
any  material  liability  (direct  or  contingent)  which  did not  arise in the
ordinary  course of  business,  or (c) any other action or event that would have
required  the consent of the Company  pursuant to Section 4.2 had such action or
event occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     3.7  Taxes.
          -----

          (a) Each of Parent and its  subsidiaries  has timely filed all Returns
relating to Taxes  required to be filed by Parent and each of its  subsidiaries,
except such  Returns  which are not  material to Parent.  All such  Returns were
correct  and  complete  in  all  material  respects.  Each  of  Parent  and  its
subsidiaries  has paid all Taxes due and  owing by Parent  and its  subsidiaries
(whether  or  not  shown  on  any  Tax  Return).  None  of the  Parent  and  its
subsidiaries  currently is the beneficiary of any extension of time within which
to file any Return.

          (b)  Except as is not  material  to  Parent,  each of  Parent  and its
subsidiaries  will have  withheld as of the  Effective  Time with respect to its
employees all income Taxes, FICA, FUTA, and other Taxes required to be withheld.

          (c) Except as is not material to Parent, neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries  has been delinquent in the payment of any Tax nor is there any Tax
deficiency  outstanding,  proposed,  or  assessed  against  Parent or any of its
subsidiaries,  nor has Parent or any of its subsidiaries  executed any waiver of
any statute of  limitations  on or extending  the period for the  assessment  or
collection of any Tax.

          (d) Except as is not material to Parent, no audit or other examination
of any Return of Parent or any of its subsidiaries is presently in progress, nor
has Parent or any of its  subsidiaries  been notified of any request for such an
audit or other examination.

          (e) Neither Parent nor any of its  subsidiaries  has any liability for
unpaid Taxes which have not been  accrued for or reserved  against on the Parent
Balance  Sheet  in  accordance  with  GAAP,   whether  asserted  or  unasserted,
contingent  or  otherwise,  which is material to Parent,  except  liability  for
unpaid Taxes which have accrued  since the date of the Parent  Balance  Sheet in
the ordinary course of business.

          (f) None of Parent's  assets is treated as  "tax-exempt  use property"
within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code.

                                       21

<PAGE>


          (g) There is no contract,  agreement, plan, or arrangement,  including
but not limited to the  provisions of this  Agreement,  covering any employee or
former  employee  of Parent or any of its  subsidiaries  that,  individually  or
collectively, could give rise to the payment of any amount for which a deduction
will be disallowed by reason of Sections 280G, 404, or 162(b) through (o) of the
Code.

          (h) Neither Parent nor any of its  subsidiaries  has filed any consent
agreement  under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section  341(f)(2)
of the Code apply to any  disposition  of a subsection  (f) asset (as defined in
Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Parent or any of its subsidiaries.

          (i) Parent is not, and has not been at any time, a "United States real
property  holding  corporation"  within the meaning of Section  897(c)(2) of the
Code.

          (j)  None of the  Parent  and its  subsidiaries  is a party to any tax
allocation or sharing agreement. None of the Parent and its subsidiaries (A) has
been a member of an Affiliated  Group (within the meaning of Section  1504(a) of
the Code,  or any similar  group  defined  under a similar  provision  of state,
local, or foreign law) filing a consolidated  federal Return (other than a group
the  common  parent of which was the  Parent) or (B) has any  liability  for the
taxes of any person  (other than any of the Parent and its  subsidiaries)  under
Treas. Reg.  ss.1.1502-6 (or any similar  provision of state,  local, or foreign
law) as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

          (k) Parent  has  furnished  the  Company  with a list of all  federal,
state,  local,  and  foreign Tax  Returns  filed with  respect to Parent and its
subsidiaries  for taxable periods ended on or after October 31, 1999, which list
indicates those Tax Returns that have been audited.  Parent has delivered to the
Company  correct  and  complete  copies  of  all  federal  income  Tax  Returns,
examination reports, and statements of deficiencies  assessed against, or agreed
to by Parent and its subsidiaries since October 31, 1999.

          (l) To the best of Parent's  knowledge,  neither Parent nor any of its
subsidiaries  will be  required to include any item of income in, or exclude any
item of  deduction  from,  taxable  income for any  taxable  period (or  portion
thereof)  ending  after the Closing Date as a result of any (A) change in method
of accounting  for a taxable  period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; (B)
"closing  agreement"  as  described  in Code ss. 7121 (or any  corresponding  or
similar  provision  of state,  local or foreign  income Tax law)  executed on or
prior to the Closing  Date;  (C)  intercompany  transactions  or any excess loss
account  described  in  Treasury   Regulations  under  Code  ss.  1502  (or  any
corresponding or similar  provision of state,  local or foreign income Tax law);
(D) installment  sale or open  transaction  disposition  made on or prior to the
Closing Date; or (E) prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing Date.

     3.8  Absence of Liens and Encumbrances.
          ----------------------------------

     Each of Parent and its subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or, in the
case of leased properties and assets,  valid leasehold  interests in, all of its
material tangible  properties and assets,  real, personal and mixed, used in its
business, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances except as reflected in the
Parent  Financial  Statements  and  except  for  liens for taxes not yet due and

                                       22

<PAGE>


payable and such imperfections of title and encumbrances,  if any, which are not
material in character,  amount,  or extent and which do not  materially  detract
from the value,  or materially  interfere  with the present use, of the property
subject thereto or affected thereby.

     3.9  Intellectual Property.
          ----------------------

          (a) Parent, directly or indirectly,  owns, or is licensed or otherwise
possesses  legally  enforceable  rights to use, all patents,  trademarks,  trade
names, service marks, copyrights, and any applications therefor,  maskworks, net
lists,  schematics,   technology,   know-how,   computer  software  programs  or
applications  (in both  source  code and object  code  form),  and  tangible  or
intangible  proprietary  information or material (excluding Commercial Software)
that are  material  to the  business  of Parent  as  currently  conducted  or as
proposed to be conducted by Parent (the "Parent Intellectual  Property Rights").
                                         ---------------------------------------


          (b)  Parent  is  not  in  violation  of any  license,  sublicense,  or
agreement  related  directly to the Parent  Intellectual  Property Rights except
such violations as do not materially  impair Parent's rights under such license,
sublicense,  or  agreement.  The  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement by
Parent,  and the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  will
neither  cause  Parent to be in  violation  or default  under any such  license,
sublicense,  or  agreement,  nor entitle  any other  party to any such  license,
sublicense,  or agreement to terminate or modify such  license,  sublicense,  or
agreement  except  such  violations  or  defaults  as do not  materially  impair
Parent's rights under such license, sublicense, or agreement. No material claims
with respect to the Parent  Intellectual  Property Rights have been asserted or,
to the knowledge of Parent, are threatened by any Person,  nor, to the knowledge
of Parent,  are there any valid grounds for any bona fide material claims (i) to
the effect that the manufacture,  sale, licensing, or use of any of the products
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries as now  manufactured,  sold,  licensed,  or
used or proposed for manufacture, sale, licensing, or use by Parent infringes on
any copyright,  patent,  trade mark, service mark, or trade secret, (ii) against
the use by Parent or any of its  subsidiaries of any trademarks,  service marks,
trade names,  trade  secrets,  copyrights,  patents,  technology,  know-how,  or
computer  software  programs  and  applications  used in  Parent's  business  as
currently  conducted or as proposed to be conducted,  or (iii)  challenging  the
ownership  by  Parent,   validity,   or  effectiveness  of  any  of  the  Parent
Intellectual Property Rights. All material registered trademarks, service marks,
and  copyrights  held by Parent are valid and  subsisting.  To the  knowledge of
Parent, there is no material unauthorized use, infringement, or misappropriation
of any of the Parent Intellectual Property Rights by any third party,  including
any employee or former employee of Parent. No Parent Intellectual Property Right
owned by Parent or  product  of  Parent or any of its  subsidiaries,  or, to the
knowledge of Parent,  Parent  Intellectual  Property Right licensed by Parent or
its  subsidiaries  is subject to any outstanding  decree,  order,  judgment,  or
stipulation  restricting in any manner the licensing thereof by Parent or any of
its  subsidiaries.  Neither Parent nor any of its  subsidiaries has entered into
any agreement under which Parent or its subsidiaries is restricted from selling,
licensing,  or  otherwise  distributing  any of its  products  to any  class  of
customers,  in any geographic area, during any period of time, or in any segment
of the market.

     3.10 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.
          --------------------------------------

                                       23

<PAGE>


          Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports,  neither Parent nor any
     of its subsidiaries has, nor is it a party to nor is it bound by:

          (a) any collective bargaining agreements;

          (b) any bonus, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, pension,
profit-sharing  or  retirement  plans,  or any other  employee  benefit plans or
arrangements;

          (c) any employment or consulting  agreement,  contract,  or commitment
with any officer or director-level  employee, not terminable by Parent on thirty
days  notice  without  liability,  except to the extent  general  principles  of
wrongful  termination law may limit Parent's  ability to terminate  employees at
will;

          (d) any agreement or plan,  including,  without limitation,  any stock
option plan, stock  appreciation  right plan, or stock purchase plan, any of the
benefits of which will be  increased or the vesting of benefits of which will be
accelerated by the occurrence of any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on the
basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or

          (e)  any  agreement,  contract,  or  commitment  (excluding  real  and
personal  property  leases) which involves payment by Parent of $100,000 or more
(excluding  amounts which are already owing by Parent or such  subsidiary at the
date of the Parent Balance Sheet) and is not cancelable  without  penalty within
thirty (30) days.

     3.11 No Default.
          -----------

     Neither  Parent nor any of its  subsidiaries  has  breached in any material
respect,  or received in writing any claim or threat that it has breached in any
material respect, any of the terms or conditions of any (i) agreement, contract,
or  commitment  that was or is  required to be filed as an exhibit to the Parent
SEC Reports or (ii) any agreement under which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries
licenses from a third party any Parent Intellectual  Property Rights included in
Parent's  products in such a manner as would permit any other party to cancel or
terminate the same or would permit any other party to seek material damages from
Parent thereunder.  Each of the agreements,  contracts, and commitments referred
to in  clauses  (i) and (ii) above that has not  expired or been  terminated  in
accordance  with its terms is in full force and effect and,  except as otherwise
disclosed,  is not subject to any material default thereunder of which Parent is
aware by any party obligated to Parent pursuant thereto.

     3.12 Governmental Authorization.
          ---------------------------

     Parent holds all permits,  licenses,  variances,  exemptions,  orders,  and
approvals of all  Governmental  Entities  which are material to the operation of
Parent's business as currently  conducted (the "Parent  Permits").  Parent is in
material compliance with the terms of the Parent Permits. Except as disclosed in
the Parent SEC Reports filed before the date of this Agreement,  the business of
Parent is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance,  or regulation
of any Governmental  Entity,  except for violations or possible violations which
individually  or in the aggregate  would not have a Material  Adverse  Effect on
Parent.  As of the date of this  Agreement,  no  investigation  or review by any
Governmental  Entity with  respect to Parent is pending or, to the  knowledge of

                                       24


<PAGE>

Parent,  threatened, nor to the knowledge of Parent, has any Governmental Entity
indicated an intention to conduct the same,  other than, in each case, those the
outcome of which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.13 Litigation.
          -----------

     Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC  Reports,  there is no action,  suit,
proceeding,  claim, arbitration, or investigation pending, or as to which Parent
or any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of assertion nor, to Parent's
knowledge,  is there a  reasonable  basis to expect  such  notice  of  assertion
against Parent or any of its subsidiaries which it is reasonable to expect that,
if  determined  adversely  to Parent or any of its  subsidiaries,  would  have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.14 Environmental Matters.
          ----------------------

     Neither  Parent  nor any of is  subsidiaries  has been or is  currently  in
material  violation of any applicable  Environmental and Occupational Laws. Each
of  Parent  and  its  subsidiaries  has  all  permits  and  other   governmental
authorizations   currently  required  by  all  applicable  statutes,   laws,  or
regulations  relating  to the  environment  or  occupational  health  and safety
necessary  for  the  conduct  of its  business.  Neither  Parent  nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any communication  from a Governmental  Entity, or any
written  communication  from any Person other than a Governmental  Entity,  that
alleges that it is not in full  compliance  with  Environmental  or Occupational
Laws,  except for matters alleging items which would not have a Material Adverse
Effect  on  Parent.  There is no  claim  of a  violation  of  Environmental  and
Occupational  Laws pending or, to the  knowledge of Parent,  threatened  against
Parent,  except  for  matters  alleging  items  which  would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.15 Brokers' and Finders' Fees.
          ---------------------------

     Except for fees payable to Ferris,  Baker Watts,  Incorporated  pursuant to
the engagement  letter dated January 27, 2003 (a copy of which has been provided
to the  Company),  Parent has not incurred,  and it will not incur,  directly or
indirectly,  any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions
or any similar  charges in connection with this  Agreement,  the Merger,  or any
transaction contemplated hereby.

     3.16 Labor Matters.
          --------------

     There are no pending or, to Parent's knowledge,  threatened material claims
against Parent or any of its subsidiaries  under any workers'  compensation plan
or policy or for  long-term  disability.  Parent and each of its  United  States
subsidiaries  has  complied  in  all  material   respects  with  all  applicable
provisions of COBRA and has no material  obligations  with respect to any former
employees or qualifying beneficiaries thereunder.

     3.17 Employee Benefit Plans.
          -----------------------

          (a) Parent has made available to the Company (i) accurate and complete
copies of all Benefit Plan documents and all other material  documents  relating
thereto, including (if applicable) all summary plan descriptions, summary annual

                                       25

<PAGE>

reports, and insurance contracts,  (ii) accurate and complete detailed summaries
of all unwritten  Benefit Plans,  (iii) accurate and complete copies of the most
recent  financial  statements and actuarial  reports with respect to all Benefit
Plans for which financial  statements or actuarial  reports are required or have
been prepared,  and (iv) accurate and complete  copies of all annual reports for
all Benefit Plans (for which annual  reports are required)  prepared  within the
last three years.

          (b) All  Benefit  Plans  of  Parent  conform  (and at all  times  have
conformed) in all material respects to, and are being  administered and operated
(and have at all time been  administered  and  operated) in material  compliance
with, the  requirements  of ERISA,  the Code, and all other  applicable  laws or
governmental  regulations.  All  returns,  reports,  and  disclosure  statements
required to be made under ERISA and the Code with  respect to all Benefit  Plans
have  been  timely  filed or  delivered.  There  have  not been any  "prohibited
transactions,"  as such term is defined  in Section  4975 of the Code or Section
406 of ERISA  involving any of the Benefit  Plans,  that could subject Parent to
any material penalty or tax imposed under the Code or ERISA.

          (c) Any Benefit  Plan that is intended to be qualified  under  Section
401(a) of the Code and exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code has been
established  under a standardized  prototype plan for which an Internal  Revenue
Service  opinion letter has been obtained by the plan sponsor and is valid as to
Parent as an adopting  employer or has been  determined by the Internal  Revenue
Service to be so qualified or an application for such  determination is pending.
Any such  opinion  letter or  determination  that has been  obtained  remains in
effect and has not been revoked,  and, with respect to any  application  that is
pending, Parent has no reason to suspect that such application for determination
will be denied. Nothing has occurred since the date of any such establishment or
determination  that is reasonably likely to affect adversely such  qualification
or  exemption  or result in the  imposition  of excise  taxes or income taxes on
unrelated  business  income  under the Code or ERISA with respect to any Benefit
Plan.

          (d) Parent does not sponsor a defined benefit plan subject to Title IV
of ERISA,  nor does it have a current or contingent  obligation to contribute to
any multiemployer  plan (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA).  Parent does not
have any  material  liability  with  respect to any  employee  benefit  plan (as
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than with respect to the Benefit  Plans.
For  purposes  of this  Section  3.17,  the  term  "Parent"  shall  include  any
corporation that is a member of any controlled group of corporations (as defined
in  Section  414(b) of the Code) that  includes  Parent,  any trade or  business
(whether  or not  incorporated)  that is under  common  control  (as  defined in
Section  414(c) of the Code)  with  Parent,  any  organization  (whether  or not
incorporated)  that is a member of an  affiliated  service  group (as defined in
Section 414(m) of the Code) that includes  Parent and any other entity  required
to be aggregated with Parent  pursuant to the  regulations  issued under Section
414(o) of the Code.

          (e) There are no pending or, to the  knowledge  of Parent,  threatened
claims  by or on  behalf  of  any  Benefit  Plans,  or by or on  behalf  of  any
individual  participants  or  beneficiaries  of any Benefit Plans,  alleging any
breach of fiduciary duty on the part of Parent or any of its officers, directors
or  employees  under  ERISA or any other  applicable  regulations,  or  claiming
benefit  payments  (other  than those  made in the  ordinary  operation  of such
plans),  nor is there,  to the  knowledge  of Parent,  any basis for such claim,
except in any such case as  reasonably  would not be expected to have a Material

                                       26

<PAGE>

Adverse  Effect on Parent.  The Benefit Plans are not the subject of any pending
(or to the knowledge of Parent,  any threatened)  investigation  or audit by the
Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor, or the PBGC.

          (f)  Parent  has  timely  made all  required  contributions  under the
Benefit  Plans  including  the payment of any  premiums  payable to the PBGC and
other insurance premiums.

          (g) With respect to any Benefit Plan that is a Welfare Plan,  (i) each
Welfare Plan for which  contributions  are claimed by Parent as deductions under
any  provision  of the  Code  is in  material  compliance  with  all  applicable
requirements  pertaining  to such  deduction,  (ii) with  respect to any welfare
benefit  fund  (within  the  meaning  of Section  419 of the Code)  related to a
Welfare Plan,  there is no  disqualified  benefit (within the meaning of Section
4976(b) of the Code) that would result in the  imposition of a tax under Section
4976(a) of the Code,  (iii) any Benefit Plan that is a group health plan (within
the meaning of Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code) complies,  and in each and every
case has complied,  with all of the applicable material  requirements of Section
4980B of the Code,  ERISA,  Title XXII of the Public Health Service Act, and the
Social  Security Act, and (iv) all Welfare Plans may be amended or terminated at
any time on or after the Closing  Date.  No Benefit  Plan  provides  any health,
life, or other welfare  coverage to employees of Parent  beyond  termination  of
their  employment  with Parent by reason or retirement or otherwise,  other than
coverage as may be required  under Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of ERISA,
or under the  continuation  of coverage  provisions  of the laws of any state or
locality.

     3.18 Compliance With Laws.
          ---------------------

     Each of Parent and its subsidiaries  has complied in all material  respects
with,  is not in  material  violation  of, and has not  received  any notices of
violation  with  respect  to, any  federal,  state,  or local  statute,  law, or
regulation  with  respect to the  conduct of its  business or the  ownership  or
operation of its business,  except in any such case as  reasonably  would not be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

     3.19 Board Approval.
          ---------------

     On or prior to the  date of this  Agreement,  the  Board  of  Directors  of
Parent,  by  resolutions  duly  adopted by  unanimous  vote of those voting at a
meeting duly called and held and not  subsequently  rescinded or modified in any
way, has duly (a) determined that this Agreement,  the Merger,  and the issuance
of Parent Common Stock  pursuant to this  Agreement are in the best interests of
Parent and its stockholders and (b) approved this Agreement and the Merger.

     3.20 Fairness Opinion.
          -----------------

     Parent has received an opinion from Ferris, Baker Watts,  Incorporated that
the  Exchange  Ratio is fair to Parent from a financial  point of view,  and has
delivered to the Company a copy of such opinion.

     3.21 Antitakeover Laws.
          ------------------

                                       27

<PAGE>


     No Takeover  Statute,  including  Chapter  110C of the General  Laws of the
Commonwealth  of  Massachusetts,  is or will be applicable (as to Parent) to the
execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.22 Rights Agreement.
          -----------------

     Immediately  prior to the execution of this Agreement,  Parent has (a) duly
entered into an appropriate amendment to the Parent Rights Plan, which amendment
has been  provided  to the Company and  approved  by the Board of  Directors  of
Parent,  and (b) taken all other  action  necessary or  appropriate  so that the
entering  into of this  Agreement  by Parent does not and will not result in the
ability of any Person to exercise any Parent Rights under the Parent Rights Plan
or enable or require the Parent  Rights  issued  thereunder to separate from the
shares of Parent  Common  Stock to which they are attached or to be triggered or
become exercisable.  "Parent Rights Plan" means the Rights Agreement dated as of
May 18, 2001 between Parent and Registrar and Transfer  Company as rights agent,
as amended to date.  "Parent  Rights" has the same meaning as the term  "Rights"
under the Parent Rights Plan.

     3.23 Accounting System.
          ------------------

     Parent  maintains a system of internal  accounting  controls  sufficient to
provide  reasonable  assurance that (a)  transactions are executed in accordance
with  management's  general or specific  authorizations;  (b)  transactions  are
recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial   statements  in
conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;  (c) access to assets
is  permitted  only  in  accordance  with   management's   general  or  specific
authorization;  and (d) the recorded  accountability for assets is compared with
the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with
respect to any differences.

     3.24 Full Disclosure.
          ----------------

     Neither this Agreement nor any written statement,  report or other document
furnished  by  Parent  pursuant  to this  Agreement  or in  connection  with the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  contains any untrue  statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained herein or therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not false or misleading.

                                   Article IV

                       CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME
                       -----------------------------------

     4.1  Conduct of Business of the Company.
          -----------------------------------

     During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing  until the
earlier  of the  termination  of this  Agreement  pursuant  to its terms and the
Effective  Time,  the Company  (which for the purposes of this Section 4.1 shall
include the Company and each of its  subsidiaries)  agrees,  except as expressly
contemplated  by this  Agreement  or to the extent that Parent  shall  otherwise
consent in writing, to carry on its business in the usual, regular, and ordinary

                                       28

<PAGE>

course,  in  substantially  the same  manner  as  heretofore  conducted,  and in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, to
pay its debts and Taxes when due subject to good faith  disputes over such debts
or Taxes, to pay or perform other material  obligations when due, and to use all
reasonable  efforts  consistent  with past  practices  and  policies to preserve
intact the Company's present business organizations, keep available the services
of its present  officers and  employees,  and preserve  its  relationships  with
customers,  suppliers,  distributors,  licensors,  licensees,  and others having
business dealings with the Company,  to the end that the Company's  goodwill and
ongoing  businesses  shall  not be  impaired  in  any  material  respect  at the
Effective  Time.  The  Company  shall  promptly  notify  Parent  of any event or
occurrence  not in the  ordinary  course of business of the Company and will not
enter into or amend any agreement or take any action which  reasonably  would be
expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect on the Company.  Except as expressly
contemplated  by this  Agreement,  the Company  shall not prior to the Effective
Time or earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms, without the
prior  written  consent  of  Parent,  which  consent  will  not be  unreasonably
withheld:

                  (a) Waive any stock repurchase rights,  accelerate,  amend, or
change the period of  exercisability  of options  or  repurchase  of  restricted
stock,  or reprice options granted under the employee stock plans of the Company
or authorize cash payments in exchange for any options granted under any of such
plans,  or by  inaction  suffer any of the  foregoing  to occur when  unilateral
action by the Company (other than action involving  termination of such options)
could have prevented it, all unless otherwise expressly required pursuant to the
terms of the Company  Stock Option Plan, or take any such action (or by inaction
suffer such to occur when unilateral  action by the Company could have prevented
it) with regard to any warrant or other  right to acquire  capital  stock of the
Company;

                  b) Enter  into  partnership  arrangements,  joint  development
agreements, or strategic alliances;

                  (c)  Grant  any  severance  or  termination  pay  (i)  to  any
executive  officer  or (ii)  to any  other  employee,  except  payments  made in
connection with the  termination of employees who are not executive  officers in
amounts consistent with the Company's policies and past practices or pursuant to
written agreements outstanding,  or policies existing, on the date hereof and as
previously  disclosed  in writing to Parent or  pursuant  to written  agreements
consistent with the Company's past practices under similar circumstances;

                  (d)  Transfer or license to any person or entity or  otherwise
extend,  amend,  or modify any  rights to the  Company's  Intellectual  Property
Rights or enter into grants of future patent  rights,  other than  non-exclusive
licenses in  connection  with the sale of goods or services  entered into in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

                  (e)  Commence  any  litigation  other than (i) for the routine
collection of bills,  (ii) for software piracy, or (iii) in such cases where the
Company in good faith  determines  that failure to commence suit would result in
the material impairment of a valuable aspect of the Company's business, provided
that the Company consults with Parent prior to the filing of such a suit;

                                       29

<PAGE>


                  (f) Declare,  set aside,  or pay any  dividends on or make any
other distributions (whether in cash, securities, or property) in respect of any
of its capital stock, or split,  combine, or reclassify any of its capital stock
or issue or  authorize  the issuance of any other  securities  in respect of, in
lieu of, or in substitution for shares of capital stock of the Company;

                  (g)  Purchase,  redeem,  or  otherwise  acquire,  directly  or
indirectly,  any shares of its capital stock or its subsidiaries'  capital stock
except from former  employees,  directors,  and  consultants in accordance  with
agreements  existing as of the date hereof requiring the repurchase of shares in
connection with any termination of service to the Company;

                  (h) Issue,  deliver,  sell,  or pledge or authorize or propose
the  issuance,  delivery,  sale, or pledge of any shares of its capital stock of
any class or securities  convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or
subscriptions,  rights,  warrants,  or options to  acquire,  or enter into other
agreements  or  commitments  of any character  obligating it to issue,  any such
shares or other  securities,  other than the  issuance  of (i) shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company stock options outstanding as of
the date of this  Agreement,  (ii) options to purchase  shares of Company Common
Stock  granted to new  employees in the ordinary  course of business  consistent
with past  practice,  and (iii) shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of the options referred to in clause (ii);

                  (i) Cause,  permit, or propose any amendments to the Company's
Articles  of  Incorporation  or By-laws or other  charter  documents  or similar
governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries;

                  (j) Acquire or agree to acquire,  by merging or  consolidating
with, by purchasing any equity  interest in or a material  portion of the assets
of,  or by any other  manner,  any  business  or any  corporation,  partnership,
association,  or other business  organization or division thereof,  or otherwise
acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are  material,  individually  or in
the aggregate, to the business of the Company, or enter into any joint ventures,
strategic partnerships, or alliances or purchase any distributors;

                  (k) Sell, lease,  license,  encumber,  or otherwise dispose of
any of the Company's properties or assets which are material, individually or in
the aggregate, to the business of the Company;

                  (l) Incur any  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money  (other than
ordinary course trade payables or pursuant to existing credit  facilities in the
ordinary course of business) or guarantee any such indebtedness or issue or sell
any debt  securities  or  warrants,  calls,  or other  rights  to  acquire  debt
securities  of the Company or guarantee  any debt  securities of others or enter
into any "keep well" or other  agreement  to maintain  any  financial  statement
condition  or enter  into any  arrangement  having  the  economic  effect of the
foregoing;

                  (m) Adopt or amend any employee  benefit or stock  purchase or
option plan,  or enter into any  employment  contract or  collective  bargaining
agreement  (other than offer letters and letter  agreements  entered into in the
ordinary  course of business  consistent  with past practices with employees who
are terminable "at will"), pay any special bonus or special  remuneration to any
director or employee,  or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits
(including rights to severance or indemnification)  of its directors,  officers,
employees,  or  consultants  other  than  in the  ordinary  course  of  business
consistent with past practice,  or change in any material respect any management
policies or procedures;

                                       30

<PAGE>


                  (n) Revalue any of the  Company's  assets,  including  writing
down the value of  inventory or writing off notes or accounts  receivable  other
than in the  ordinary  course of business  consistent  with past  practices  or,
except as required by GAAP, make any change in accounting  methods,  principles,
or practices;

                  (o) Pay,  discharge  or  satisfy  in an  amount  in  excess of
$10,000 (in any one case) or $25,000 (in the aggregate),  any claim,  liability,
or  obligation  (absolute,  accrued,  asserted,  or  unasserted,  contingent  or
otherwise),  other than the payment,  discharge, or satisfaction in the ordinary
course of business;

                  (p) Make or change any material  election in respect of Taxes,
adopt or change any  accounting  method in respect of Taxes,  file any  material
Return or any amendment to a material Return,  enter into any closing agreement,
settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes (except settlements  effected
solely through payment of immaterial sums of money), or consent to any extension
or waiver of the  limitation  period  applicable  to any claim or  assessment in
respect of Taxes;

                  (q) Make any capital  expenditures outside the ordinary course
of business or in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate;

                  (r) Modify,  amend,  or  terminate  any  material  contract or
agreement  to which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  is a party or enter
into any  contract or agreement  which  provides for the Company to incur or pay
any amounts in excess of $25,000 over the life of such contract or agreement;

                  (s) Settle  any  material  litigation  or waive,  release,  or
assign any material rights or claims thereunder;

                  (t)  Take  any  action  that  would be  reasonably  likely  to
interfere  with the  treatment  of the Merger as a  "reorganization"  within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code;

                  (u) Enter  into,  modify,  amend,  or cancel  any  development
services, licensing, distribution, sales, sales representation, or other similar
agreement  or  obligation  with  respect to any  material  Company  Intellectual
Property Rights other than such  agreements  entered into in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices;

                  (v)  Engage  in  any  action  with  the  intent   directly  or
indirectly to impact  adversely  any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  including  with  respect  to any  "poison  pill"  or  similar  plan,
agreement, or arrangement, or any Takeover Statute;

                  (w) Take any action  that would (i)  entitle any Person to any
payment under any security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment,  or other
agreement  relating to any equity securities of the Company or (ii) result in an
adjustment to the exercise  price or number of shares  issuable upon exercise of
any security,  option,  warrant,  call, right,  commitment,  or agreement of the

                                       31

<PAGE>

Company;  or by inaction  suffer any of the  foregoing to occur when  unilateral
action by the Company (other than action  involving  termination of any options)
could have prevented it; or

                  (x) Take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the
actions  described  in Sections  4.l(a)  through (w) above,  or any action which
would cause or would be reasonably  likely to cause any of the conditions to the
Merger set forth in Section 6.2 not to be satisfied.

     4.2  Conduct of Business of Parent.
          ------------------------------

     During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing  until the
earlier  of the  termination  of this  Agreement  pursuant  to its terms and the
Effective Time, Parent (which for the purposes of this Section 4.2 shall include
Parent and each of its subsidiaries) agrees, except as expressly contemplated by
this  Agreement  or to the extent that the Company  shall  otherwise  consent in
writing, to carry on its business in the usual, regular, and ordinary course, in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted,  and in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, to pay its debts and
Taxes when due subject to good faith  disputes over such debts or Taxes,  to pay
or  perform  other  material  obligations  when due,  and to use all  reasonable
efforts  consistent with past practices and policies to preserve intact Parent's
present  business  organizations,  keep  available  the  services of its present
officers and employees and preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
distributors,  licensors,  licensees,  and others having business  dealings with
Parent,  to the end that Parent's  goodwill and ongoing  businesses shall not be
impaired in any material  respect at the Effective  Time.  Parent shall promptly
notify the  Company of any event or  occurrence  not in the  ordinary  course of
business  of Parent and will not enter into or amend any  agreement  or take any
action which  reasonably  would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or in compliance with
Section  5.3(b),  Parent  shall  not  prior  to the  Effective  Time or  earlier
termination of this Agreement  pursuant to its terms,  without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld:

                  (a) Waive any stock repurchase rights,  accelerate,  amend, or
change the period of  exercisability  of options  or  repurchase  of  restricted
stock, or reprice  options granted under the employee stock plans of Parent,  or
authorize  cash  payments in exchange for any options  granted under any of such
plans,  or by  inaction  suffer any of the  foregoing  to occur when  unilateral
action by Parent (other than action involving termination of such options) could
have prevented it, all unless otherwise expressly required pursuant to the terms
of the Parent Stock Option Plan, or take any such action (or by inaction  suffer
such to occur when  unilateral  action by Parent could have  prevented  it) with
regard to any warrant or other right to acquire capital stock of Parent;

                  (b) Enter into  partnership  arrangements,  joint  development
agreements, or strategic alliances;

                  (c)  Grant  any  severance  or  termination  pay  (i)  to  any
executive  officer  or (ii)  to any  other  employee,  except  payments  made in
connection with the  termination of employees who are not executive  officers in
amounts  consistent  with  Parent's  policies and past  practices or pursuant to
written agreements outstanding,  or policies existing, on the date hereof and as

                                       32

<PAGE>

previously disclosed in writing to the Company or pursuant to written agreements
consistent with Parent's past practices under similar circumstances;

                  (d)  Transfer or license to any person or entity or  otherwise
extend,  amend, or modify any rights to Parent's Intellectual Property Rights or
enter into grants of future patent rights, other than non-exclusive  licenses in
connection  with  the sale of goods or  services  entered  into in the  ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices;

                  (e)  Commence  any  litigation  other than (i) for the routine
collection  of bills,  (ii) for  software  piracy,  or (iii) in such cases where
Parent in good faith  determines  that failure to commence  suit would result in
the material impairment of a valuable aspect of Parent's business, provided that
Parent consults with the Company prior to the filing of such a suit;

                  (f) Declare,  set aside,  or pay any  dividends on or make any
other distributions (whether in cash, securities, or property) in respect of any
of its capital stock, or split,  combine, or reclassify any of its capital stock
or issue or  authorize  the issuance of any other  securities  in respect of, in
lieu of, or in substitution for shares of capital stock of Parent;

                  (g)  Purchase,  redeem,  or  otherwise  acquire,  directly  or
indirectly,  any shares of its capital stock or its subsidiaries'  capital stock
except from former  employees,  directors,  and  consultants in accordance  with
agreements  existing as of the date hereof requiring the repurchase of shares in
connection with any termination of service to Parent;

                  (h) Issue,  deliver,  sell, or pledge, or authorize or propose
the  issuance,  delivery,  sale, or pledge of any shares of its capital stock of
any class or securities  convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or
subscriptions,  rights,  warrants,  or options to  acquire,  or enter into other
agreements  or  commitments  of any  character  obligating  it to issue any such
shares or other  securities,  other  than the  issuance  of (i) shares of Parent
Common  Stock  pursuant  to the  exercise  of Parent  stock  options or warrants
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (ii) options to purchase shares of
Parent Common Stock granted to new employees in the ordinary  course of business
consistent with past practice, (iii) shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon
the  exercise of the options  referred  to in clause  (ii),  and (iv) the Parent
Rights (and shares of the Parent's  Class One Preferred  Stock upon the exercise
thereof) in accordance  with the terms of the Parent Rights Plan as in effect on
the date hereof;

                  (i) Cause,  permit,  or propose  any  amendments  to  Parent's
Articles  of  Organization  or By-laws  or other  charter  documents  or similar
governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries;

                  (j) Acquire or agree to acquire,  by merging or  consolidating
with, by purchasing any equity  interest in or a material  portion of the assets
of,  or by any other  manner,  any  business  or any  corporation,  partnership,
association,  or other business  organization or division thereof,  or otherwise
acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are  material,  individually  or in
the  aggregate,  to the  business of Parent,  or enter into any joint  ventures,
strategic partnerships, or alliances or purchase any distributors;

                  (k) Sell, lease,  license,  encumber,  or otherwise dispose of
any of Parent's properties or assets which are material,  individually or in the
aggregate, to the business of Parent;

                                       33

<PAGE>


                  (l) Incur any  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money  (other than
ordinary course trade payables or pursuant to existing credit  facilities in the
ordinary course of business) or guarantee any such indebtedness or issue or sell
any debt  securities  or  warrants,  calls,  or other  rights  to  acquire  debt
securities  of Parent or guarantee  any debt  securities of others or enter into
any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition
or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of the foregoing;

                  (m) Adopt or amend any employee  benefit or stock  purchase or
option  plan or enter into any  employment  contract  or  collective  bargaining
agreement  (other than offer letters and letter  agreements  entered into in the
ordinary  course of business  consistent  with past practices with employees who
are terminable "at will"), pay any special bonus or special  remuneration to any
director or employee,  or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits
(including rights to severance or indemnification)  of its directors,  officers,
employees,  or  consultants  other  than  in the  ordinary  course  of  business
consistent  with past practice or change in any material  respect any management
policies or procedures;

                  (n) Revalue any of Parent's assets, including writing down the
value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in the
ordinary  course of  business  consistent  with  past  practices  or,  except as
required  by  GAAP,  make  any  change  in  accounting  methods,  principles  or
practices;

                  (o) Pay,  discharge  or  satisfy  in an  amount  in  excess of
$10,000 (in any one case) or $25,000 (in the aggregate),  any claim,  liability,
or  obligation  (absolute,  accrued,  asserted,  or  unasserted,  contingent  or
otherwise),  other  than (i) the  payment,  discharge,  or  satisfaction  in the
ordinary course of business and (ii) payments to Agilent and Phoenix relating to
capital  leases  under the terms and  conditions  described  to the  Company  by
Parent;

                  (p) Make or change any material  election in respect of Taxes,
adopt or change any  accounting  method in respect of Taxes,  file any  material
Return or any amendment to a material Return,  enter into any closing agreement,
settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes (except settlements  effected
solely through payment of immaterial sums of money), or consent to any extension
or waiver of the  limitation  period  applicable  to any claim or  assessment in
respect of Taxes ;

                  (q) Make any capital  expenditures outside the ordinary course
of business or in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate;

                  (r) Modify,  amend,  or  terminate  any  material  contract or
agreement  to which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries  is a party or enter into
any contract or agreement  which provides for Parent to incur or pay any amounts
in excess of $25,000 over the life of such contract or agreement;

                  (s) Settle  any  material  litigation  or waive,  release,  or
assign any material rights or claims thereunder;

                  (t)  Take  any  action  that  would be  reasonably  likely  to
interfere  with the  treatment  of the Merger as a  "reorganization"  within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code;

                                       34

<PAGE>


                  (u) Enter  into,  modify,  amend,  or cancel  any  development
services, licensing, distribution, sales, sales representation, or other similar
agreement  or  obligation  with  respect  to any  material  Parent  Intellectual
Property Rights other than such  agreements  entered into in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices;

                  (v) Except as  otherwise  contemplated  by  Sections  3.22 and
5.17, redeem the Parent Rights or amend or terminate the Parent Rights Plan;

                  (w)  Engage  in  any  action  with  the  intent   directly  or
indirectly to impact  adversely  any of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  including with respect to the Parent Rights Plan, or with respect to
any other  "poison  pill" or similar  plan,  agreement  or  arrangement,  or any
Takeover Statute;

                  (x) Take any action  that would (i)  entitle any Person to any
payment under any security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment,  or other
agreement  relating  to any equity  securities  of Parent,  or (ii) result in an
adjustment to the exercise  price or number of shares  issuable upon exercise of
any security,  option, warrant, call, right, commitment, or agreement of Parent;
or by inaction  suffer any of the foregoing to occur when  unilateral  action by
Parent  (other than action  involving  termination  of any  options)  could have
prevented it; or

                  (y) Take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the
actions  described  in Sections  4.2(a)  through (x) above,  or any action which
would cause or would be reasonably  likely to cause any of the conditions to the
Merger set forth in Section 6.1 not to be satisfied.

                                   Article V

                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS
                              ---------------------

     5.1  Initial Private Placement; Registration Statement.
          --------------------------------------------------

          (a) Parent and the Company  agree that the Parent  Common  Stock to be
issued to the Company's  stockholders  pursuant to this Agreement will be issued
pursuant to exemptions from the registration  requirements of the Securities Act
and any applicable state  securities or "blue sky" laws.  Parent and the Company
shall use their reasonable good faith best efforts,  and the Company shall cause
its stockholders to use their reasonable good faith best efforts, to enable this
issuance to qualify for such exemptions. In support of these exemptions,  Parent
has received  agreements from each of the Company's  stockholders (the "Investor
Agreements")  containing certain  representations,  warranties,  and information
about the stockholders.  The Company  represents and warrants to Parent that all
such representations, warranties, and information is true, complete, and correct
and  acknowledges  and agrees  that  Parent has  relied on the  accuracy  of the
representations,  warranties,  and  information  in the Investor  Agreements  in
making its representations,  warranties,  and other statements contained in this
Agreement.

          (b) Parent  shall take such steps as may be  necessary  to comply with
the  securities and blue sky laws of all  jurisdictions  which are applicable to
the

                                       35

<PAGE>

issuance of Parent Common Stock pursuant hereto. In doing so, Parent may rely on
and assume the accuracy of the Investor Agreements. Parent shall pay all fees
and expenses, including filing fees and Parent's attorneys' fees and expenses,
incurred by Parent in connection with such compliance. The Company shall use its
reasonable good faith best efforts, and the Company shall cause its stockholders
to use their reasonable good faith best efforts, to assist Parent as may be
necessary to comply with the securities and blue sky laws of all jurisdictions
which are applicable in connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock
pursuant hereto.

          (c) At a time in the first half of calendar  year 2004,  Parent  shall
prepare  and file  with the SEC a  registration  statement  on Form S-3 (or such
other or successor  form as shall be  appropriate)  (including any amendments or
supplements thereto, the "Registration  Statement"),  with respect to the shares
of Parent  Common  Stock to be  issued in the  Merger.  Parent  and the  Company
currently  expect  that the  timing  of the  Registration  Statement  will be to
coincide  with  Parent's  annual  filing  requirements  in an effort to mitigate
expenses associated with the filing of the Registration Statement.

     5.2  Access to Information, Confidentiality.
          ---------------------------------------

          (a) Each  party  shall  afford  the other  party and its  accountants,
counsel,  and other  representatives  reasonable  access during normal  business
hours  during  the  period  prior  to the  Effective  Time  to  all  information
concerning the business,  including the status of product  development  efforts,
properties,  and  personnel  of such  party as the other  party  may  reasonably
request.  No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation  pursuant to
this  Section  5.2 shall  affect or be deemed to modify  any  representation  or
warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties to
consummate the Merger.

          (b)  The  parties   acknowledge  that  Parent  and  the  Company  have
previously  executed a  Confidentiality  Agreement  dated December 17, 2002 (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"),  which Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in
-------------------------- full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

     5.3  No Solicitation.
          ----------------

          (a) (i) From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of
the Effective  Time or the  termination of this  Agreement,  the Company and its
subsidiaries  will not,  and will cause their  respective  directors,  officers,
employees,  representatives,  investment bankers, agents, and affiliates not to,
directly or  indirectly,  (i) solicit or encourage  submission of any inquiries,
proposals,  or offers by any person, entity, or group (other than Parent, Merger
Sub, and their affiliates, agents, and representatives),  or (ii) participate in
any discussions or negotiations with, or disclose any information concerning the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries  to, or afford any access to the properties,
books,  or records of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  to, or  otherwise
assist,  facilitate,  or encourage, or enter into any agreement or understanding
with,  any person,  entity,  or group (other than Parent,  Merger Sub, and their
affiliates,  agents,  and  representatives),  in connection with any Acquisition
Proposal with respect to the Company. For the purposes of Section 5.3(a) of this
Agreement,    an    "Acquisition    Proposal"    shall    mean   any    proposal
---------------------  relating  to the  possible  acquisition  of the  Company,
whether by way of merger,  purchase of at least 50% of the capital  stock of the
Company, purchase of all or

                                       36

<PAGE>

substantially  all of the assets of the  Company,  or  otherwise.  In  addition,
subject to the other provisions of this Section 5.3(a),  from and after the date
of this Agreement  until the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of
this Agreement,  the Company and its subsidiaries will not, and will cause their
respective directors, officers, employees, representatives,  investment bankers,
agents,  and  affiliates not to,  directly or indirectly,  make or authorize any
statement,  recommendation,  or  solicitation  in  support  of  any  Acquisition
Proposal with respect to the Company made by any person, entity, or group (other
than Parent,  Merger Sub, and their  affiliates).  The Company will  immediately
cease any and all existing  activities,  discussions,  or negotiations  with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing.

                  (ii)  Notwithstanding  the  provisions of paragraph (i) above,
prior to the  Effective  Time,  the  Company  may,  to the  extent  the Board of
Directors of the Company  determines,  in good faith,  after  consultation  with
outside legal counsel,  that the Board's  fiduciary  duties under applicable law
require it to do so,  participate  in  discussions or  negotiations  with,  and,
subject to the requirements of paragraph (iii) below, furnish information to any
person,  entity,  or group  after  such  person,  entity,  or group  shall  have
delivered to the Company in writing,  a Superior  Proposal.  For the purposes of
Sections  5.3(a) and 7.1(f) of this  Agreement,  a "Superior  Proposal" means an
                                                    ------------------
unsolicited bona fide  Acquisition  Proposal which the Board of Directors of the
Company in its good faith reasonable  judgment  determines,  after  consultation
with its independent financial advisors,  could reasonably be expected to result
in a transaction  that is more favorable to the stockholders of the Company from
a  financial  point  of  view  than  the  Merger  and  the  other   transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and for which financing,  to the extent required,
is then committed or which, in the good faith  reasonable  judgment of the Board
of Directors  (after  consultation  with  independent  financial  advisors),  is
reasonably capable of being obtained by such person,  entity, or group and which
is likely to be consummated.

                  (iii) The Company may furnish information to a person, entity,
or  group  that has made a  Superior  Proposal  only if the  Company  (a)  first
notifies Parent of the information proposed to be disclosed,  (b) first complies
with the  provisions of paragraph (v) below,  and (c) provides such  information
pursuant  to  a  confidentiality  agreement  at  least  as  restrictive  as  the
Confidentiality Agreement.

                  (iv) If the  Company  receives  a Superior  Proposal,  nothing
contained in this Agreement  shall prevent the Board of Directors of the Company
from approving such Superior  Proposal or recommending such Superior Proposal to
the  Company's  stockholders,  if the  Board  determines  in good  faith,  after
consultation  with outside  legal  counsel,  that such action is required by its
fiduciary  duties  under  applicable  law; in such case,  the Board may amend or
withdraw its recommendation of the Merger.

                  (v) The  Company  will (i) notify  Parent  immediately  if any
inquiry  or  proposal  is made or any  information  or  access is  requested  in
connection with an Acquisition  Proposal or potential  Acquisition  Proposal and
(ii)  immediately  communicate  to Parent the terms and  conditions  of any such
Acquisition  Proposal  or  potential  Acquisition  Proposal  or inquiry  and the
identity of the offeror or potential offeror. In addition to the foregoing,  the
Company shall provide Parent with at least  forty-eight (48) hours prior written
notice (or such lesser  prior  written  notice as provided to the members of the
Company's  Board of Directors  but in no event less than eight (8) hours) of any
meeting of the  Company's  Board of  Directors at which the  Company's  Board of
Directors  is  reasonably  expected to consider a Superior  Proposal and provide
Parent with at least two (2) business days prior written  notice (or such lesser
prior notice as provided to the members of the Company's  Board of Directors but

                                       37

<PAGE>

in no event less than eight (8) hours) of a meeting at which the Company's Board
of Directors  is  reasonably  expected to  recommend a Superior  Proposal to its
stockholders.

                  (vi) Nothing  contained in this Section 5.3 shall  prevent the
Company or its Board of Directors  from  complying  with the provisions of Rules
14e-2 and 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

                  (b) (i) From and  after the date of this  Agreement  until the
earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this  Agreement,  Parent and
its subsidiaries will not, and will cause their respective directors,  officers,
employees,  representatives,  investment bankers, agents, and affiliates not to,
directly or  indirectly,  (i) solicit or encourage  submission of any inquiries,
proposals, or offers by any person, entity, or group (other than the Company and
its  affiliates,  agents,  and  representatives),  or  (ii)  participate  in any
discussions or negotiations with, or disclose any information  concerning Parent
or any of its subsidiaries to, or afford any access to the properties, books, or
records  of  Parent  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  to,  or  otherwise  assist,
facilitate, or encourage, or enter into any agreement or understanding with, any
person, entity, or group (other than the Company and its affiliates, agents, and
representatives),  in connection with any  Acquisition  Proposal with respect to
Parent.  For the purposes of Section 5.3(b) of this  Agreement,  an "Acquisition
                                                                     -----------
Proposal"  shall mean any  proposal  relating  to the  possible  acquisition  of
--------
Parent, whether by way of merger,  purchase of at least 50% of the capital stock
of Parent,  purchase  of all or  substantially  all of the assets of Parent,  or
otherwise. In addition,  subject to the other provisions of this Section 5.3(b),
from and after the date of this  Agreement  until the  earlier of the  Effective
Time or the termination of this Agreement, Parent and its subsidiaries will not,
and will cause their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives,
investment bankers, agents, and affiliates not to, directly or indirectly,  make
or authorize any statement,  recommendation,  or  solicitation in support of any
Acquisition Proposal with respect to Parent made by any person, entity, or group
(other than the Company and its affiliates).  Parent will immediately  cease any
and all  existing  activities,  discussions,  or  negotiations  with any parties
conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing.

                  (ii)  Notwithstanding  the  provisions of paragraph (i) above,
prior to the Effective Time, Parent may, to the extent the Board of Directors of
Parent determines, in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel,
that the Board's  fiduciary  duties  under  applicable  law require it to do so,
participate  in  discussions  or  negotiations   with,   and,   subject  to  the
requirements  of  paragraph  (iii)  below,  furnish  information  to any person,
entity,  or group after such  person,  entity or group shall have  delivered  to
Parent in writing, a Superior Proposal.  For the purposes of Sections 5.3(b) and
7.1(g) of this Agreement,  a "Superior  Proposal" means an unsolicited bona fide
                              ------------------
Acquisition  Proposal  which the Board of  Directors of Parent in its good faith
reasonable  judgment   determines,   after  consultation  with  its  independent
financial advisors, could reasonably be expected to result in a transaction that
is more favorable to the  stockholders  of Parent from a financial point of view
than the Merger and the other  transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement and
for which financing,  to the extent required, is then committed or which, in the
good faith  reasonable  judgment of the Board of Directors  (after  consultation

                                       38

<PAGE>

with independent financial advisors), is reasonably capable of being obtained by
such person, entity, or group and which is likely to be consummated.

                  (iii) Parent may furnish  information  to a person,  entity or
group that has made a Superior  Proposal  only if Parent (a) first  notifies the
Company of the information proposed to be disclosed, (b) first complies with the
provisions of paragraph (v) below, and (c) provides such information pursuant to
a  confidentiality  agreement  at least as  restrictive  as the  Confidentiality
Agreement.

                  (iv) If Parent receives a Superior Proposal, nothing contained
in this Agreement  shall prevent the Board of Directors of Parent from approving
such  Superior  Proposal  or  recommending  such  Superior  Proposal to Parent's
stockholders,  if the Board determines in good faith,  after  consultation  with
outside  legal  counsel,  that such action is required by its  fiduciary  duties
under applicable law; in such case, the Board may amend or withdraw its approval
of the Merger.

                  (v)  Parent  will (i) notify the  Company  immediately  if any
inquiry  or  proposal  is made or any  information  or  access is  requested  in
connection with an Acquisition  Proposal or potential  Acquisition  Proposal and
(ii) immediately communicate to the Company the terms and conditions of any such
Acquisition  Proposal  or  potential  Acquisition  Proposal  or inquiry  and the
identity  of the offeror or  potential  offeror.  In addition to the  foregoing,
Parent  shall  provide the Company  with at least  forty-eight  (48) hours prior
written  notice (or such lesser prior written  notice as provided to the members
of Parent's Board of Directors but in no event less than eight (8) hours) of any
meeting of Parent's  Board of Directors at which  Parent's Board of Directors is
reasonably expected to consider a Superior Proposal and provide the Company with
at least two (2) business days prior written notice (or such lesser prior notice
as provided to the members of Parent's  Board of Directors  but in no event less
than eight (8)  hours) of a meeting  at which  Parent's  Board of  Directors  is
reasonably expected to recommend a Superior Proposal to its stockholders.

                  (vi)  Nothing  contained  in this  Section  5.3 shall  prevent
Parent or its Board of Directors  from  complying  with the  provisions of Rules
14e-2 and 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

     5.4  Expenses.
          --------

          (a)  Except as set forth in this  Section  5.4,  if the  Merger is not
consummated,  all fees and expenses  incurred in connection  with this Agreement
and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be paid by the party incurring
such expenses.  If the Merger is consummated,  all fees and expenses,  including
attorneys,  accountants,  and  financial  advisor's  fees incurred by or for the
benefit  of the  Company  or its  stockholders  shall  be paid by the  Surviving
Corporation.

          (b) If this  Agreement  is  terminated  by Parent  pursuant to Section
7.1(b)(ii)  or by any party  pursuant  to  Section  7.1(f),  the  Company  shall
immediately upon such termination pay to Parent a termination fee of $200,000 by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Parent.

                                       39

<PAGE>


          (c) If this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section
7.1(c)(ii) or by any party pursuant to Section 7.1(g),  Parent shall immediately
upon such  termination  pay to the Company a termination fee of $200,000 by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company.

     5.5  Public Disclosure.
          ------------------

          (a) Parent  and the  Company  shall  consult  with each  other  before
issuing any press release or otherwise  making any public statement with respect
to the Merger or this  Agreement  and shall not issue any such press  release or
make any such  public  statement  prior to such  consultation,  except as may be
required by law or any listing agreement with a national  securities exchange or
The Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc. and in any event in accordance  with the terms of
the Confidentiality Agreement.

          (b) The Company  agrees that the  information  supplied by the Company
for inclusion in any press release  (including any  information  relating to the
Company  that is approved by the Company)  that is jointly  issued by Parent and
the  Company  shall not, on the date such press  release is issued,  contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements  therein,  in light of the  circumstances  under
which they are made, not false or misleading, or omit to state any material fact
necessary to correct any  statement in any earlier joint press release which has
become  false or  misleading.  If at any time  prior to the  Effective  Time the
Company shall  determine that any  information in any joint press release or any
press release  issued by the Company was or may have become false or misleading,
the Company shall promptly  inform Parent.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the
Company  makes no  representation  or warranty  with respect to any  information
relating  to Parent or Merger  Sub which is  contained  in any of the  foregoing
documents.

          (c)  Parent  agrees  that  the  information  supplied  by  Parent  for
inclusion in any press release (including any information relating to Parent and
Merger Sub that is approved by Parent) that is jointly  issued by Parent and the
Company shall not, on the date such press release is issued,  contain any untrue
statement  of a material  fact or omit to state any material  fact  necessary in
order to make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made,  not false or  misleading,  or omit to state  any  material  fact
necessary to correct any  statement in any earlier joint press release which has
become false or  misleading.  If at any time prior to the Effective  Time Parent
shall  determine  that any  information  in any joint press release or any press
release  issued by Parent was or may have  become  false or  misleading,  Parent
shall promptly  inform the Company.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Parent and
Merger Sub make no  representation  or warranty with respect to any  information
relating to the Company which is contained in any of the foregoing documents.

     5.6  FIRPTA.
          -------

          The Company  shall  deliver to the Internal  Revenue  Service a notice
that the Company Common Stock is not a "U.S. Real Property  Interest" as defined
in and in  accordance  with the  requirements  of  Treasury  Regulation  Section
1.897-2(h)(2).

     5.7  Legal Requirements.
          -------------------

                                       40

<PAGE>


          Each of  Parent  and the  Company  will  take all  reasonable  actions
necessary or desirable to comply promptly with all legal  requirements which may
be  imposed  on  them  with  respect  to the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including furnishing all information required in
connection with approvals of or filings with any Governmental  Entity and prompt
resolution of any litigation  prompted hereby) and will promptly  cooperate with
and furnish  information  to any party hereto  necessary in connection  with any
such requirements  imposed upon any of them or their respective  subsidiaries in
connection  with  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement,  and will take all reasonable  actions  necessary to obtain (and will
cooperate  with the other parties  hereto in obtaining)  any consent,  approval,
order or authorization of, or any registration, declaration, or filing with, any
Governmental  Entity or other  public or  private  third  party  required  to be
obtained  or  made in  connection  with  the  Merger  or  taking  of any  action
contemplated by this Agreement.

     5.8  Reasonable Best Efforts and Further Assurances.
          -----------------------------------------------

     Each of the parties to this Agreement shall use its reasonable best efforts
to effectuate the transactions  contemplated  hereby (including the formation of
Merger Sub as  contemplated  by this  Agreement)  and to fulfill and cause to be
fulfilled  the  conditions  to closing under this  Agreement  (including  prompt
resolution  of any  litigation  prompted  hereby).  Each  party  hereto,  at the
reasonable request of another party hereto, shall execute and deliver such other
instruments and do and perform such other acts and things as may be necessary or
desirable  for  effecting   completely  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated hereby.

     5.9  Stock Options.
          -------------

          (a) At the Effective Time, each outstanding  option to purchase shares
of Company Common Stock (each, a "Company Stock Option") under the Company Stock
Option Plan, whether vested or unvested, will be assumed by Parent. Each Company
Stock Option so assumed by Parent under this  Agreement  shall continue to have,
and be subject to, the same terms and  conditions set forth in the Company Stock
Option  Plan  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time,  except  that (i) such
Company Stock Option shall  entitle the holder to purchase  (subject to the same
vesting  provisions set forth in such Company Stock Option) that number of whole
shares of Parent  Common  Stock  equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company  Common Stock that were  issuable  upon  exercise of such Company  Stock
Option  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time  (without  regard to vesting)
multiplied  by the Exchange  Ratio,  rounded down to the nearest whole number of
shares of Parent Common Stock,  (ii) the per share exercise price for the shares
of Parent  Common Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of such assumed  Company Stock
Option shall be equal to the quotient  determined by dividing the exercise price
per share of  Company  Common  Stock at which  such  Company  Stock  Option  was
exercisable  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time by the  Exchange  Ratio,
rounded  down to the nearest  whole cent,  and (iii) such  Company  Stock Option
shall no longer be exercisable for Company Common Stock.

          (b)  Promptly  after the  Effective  Time,  Parent shall issue to each
holder  of an  outstanding  Company  Stock  Option  a  document  evidencing  the
foregoing assumption of such Company Stock Option by Parent.

                                       41

<PAGE>


          (c) It is the  intention of the parties that the Company Stock Options
assumed by Parent  qualify  following  the  Effective  Time as  incentive  stock
options as defined in Section  422 of the Code to the extent the  Company  Stock
Options qualified as incentive stock options  immediately prior to the Effective
Time.

          (d) For  purposes  of  determining  vesting  under any  Company  Stock
Option, employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who become employees
of Parent or any of its subsidiaries  shall be credited for the full term during
which they were employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

          (e) Prior to the  Effective  Time,  Parent  shall  take all  corporate
action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of Parent
Common Stock for delivery upon  exercise of the Company  Stock  Options  assumed
pursuant to this Section 5.9.

     5.10 Form S-8.
          --------

     Parent agrees to file as soon as commercially practicable after the Closing
a  registration  statement  on Form S-8 for the  shares of Parent  Common  Stock
issuable with respect to assumed Company Stock Options.

     5.11 Certain Benefit Plans.
          ----------------------

          (a) Parent  shall take such  reasonable  actions as are  necessary  to
allow eligible  employees of the Company to participate in the benefit  programs
of Parent, or alternative benefit programs substantially comparable or better in
the aggregate to those applicable to employees of Parent, as soon as practicable
after the Effective Time in accordance  with the terms of such programs.  Parent
shall assume all of the Company's  liability under Section 4980B of the Code and
Part 6 of Title I of ERISA with  respect to COBRA  participants  (other than any
liability of the Company to pay, or reimburse any such  participants  for, COBRA
premiums) in accordance with Treasury  Regulation  Section  54-4980B-9 as if the
Company had  terminated  coverage  under its group health plans on the Effective
Date.

          (b) Parent shall cause each such benefit program in which employees of
Parent and its subsidiaries are eligible to participate to take into account for
purposes of  eligibility  and vesting  thereunder  the service of such employees
with the Company  and its  subsidiaries  to the same extent as such  service was
credited  for such purpose by the Company;  provided,  that in no  circumstances
shall the crediting of such service create duplicative benefits.

          (c) Parent shall honor and  continue to be  obligated  to perform,  in
accordance with their terms, all benefit  obligations to, and contractual rights
of,  current and former  employees of the Company  existing as of the  Effective
Date, as well as all employment or severance agreements of the Company.

          (d)  If  former  or  active  employees  of the  Company  or any of its
subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a medical, dental, or vision plan
of  Parent,  Parent  shall  cause  each such  plan to (i) waive any  preexisting
condition limitations to the extent such conditions are covered  unconditionally
for such person under the  applicable  medical,  dental,  or vision plans of the
Company,   (ii)  honor  under  such  plans  any  deductible,   co-payment,   and

                                       42

<PAGE>

out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries during
the portion of the calendar  year prior to such  participation,  and (iii) waive
any waiting  period  limitation or evidence of  insurability  requirement  which
would otherwise be applicable to such employee on or after the Effective Time to
the extent such  employee had satisfied  any similar  limitation or  requirement
under an analogous Company benefit program prior to the Effective Time.

          (e) If the  Company  is  required  to  terminate  its  plan  which  is
qualified under Section 401(k) of the Code (the "Company's 401(k) Plan"), Parent
                                                 ----------------------
will, with the approval of the plan administrator of the Parent's  tax-qualified
401(k) plan (the "Parent's  401(k) Plan"),  cause Parent's 401(k) Plan to accept
                  ---------------------
rollovers or direct rollovers of "eligible  rollover  distributions"  within the
meaning  of  Section  402(c)  of the Code  made with  respect  to the  Company's
employees  pursuant to the Company's  401(k) Plan by reason of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  Rollover amounts contributed to Parent's 401(k)
Plan in accordance  with this Section  5.11(e) shall at all times be 100% vested
(to the extent they were 100% vested in the Company's 401(k) Plan at the time of
rollover)  and  shall be  invested  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of the
Parent's  401(k)  Plan.  In this  regard,  the Company  represents  (i) that the
Company's  401(k) Plan has  obtained a  determination  letter from the  Internal
Revenue Service to the effect that the Company's  401(k) Plan is qualified under
Section  401(a) of the Code and that the related  trust is exempt  from  federal
income taxes under Section 501(a) of the Code or (ii) that Company's 401(k) Plan
has been  established  under a  standardized  prototype  plan  for  which an IRS
opinion  letter has been  obtained  by the plan  sponsor  and is valid as to the
adopting employer. The Company has furnished to Parent a copy of the most recent
IRS  determination  or opinion letter with respect to Company's 401(k) Plan, and
nothing has occurred which could reasonably be expected to cause the loss of the
tax-qualified  status of the  Company's  401(k) Plan. In the case of any Company
employee,  the Parent's 401(k) Plan will take into account,  for eligibility and
vesting  purposes,  such  employee's  pre-Closing  service  creditable  to  such
employee for purposes of Company's 401(k) Plan.

     5.12 Tax-Free Reorganization.
          ------------------------

     Parent and the Company shall each use all  reasonable  efforts to cause the
Merger to be treated as a  reorganization  within the  meaning of Section 368 of
the Code.  Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing,  Parent will cause
the Surviving Corporation to continue at least one significant historic business
line of the  Company,  or use at least a  significant  portion of the  Company's
business  assets in a  business,  in each case  within the  meaning of  Treasury
Regulation Section 1.368-1(d).

     5.13 Board Representation.
          ---------------------

     The Board of  Directors  of Parent  shall  take  appropriate  actions  (the
effectiveness  of which are subject only to the  consummation  of the Merger) to
effectuate  the  following.  Such  actions  shall be taken  promptly  before the
Effective Time:

          (a) to cause the  number of  directors  comprising  the full  Board of
Directors of Parent to be seven persons, and

                                       43

<PAGE>


     (b) to appoint to the Board of Directors of Parent the following persons
for the following terms:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Term ending upon                   Persons
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parent's 2003 annual             Ralph A. Goldwasser
meeting of stockholders          Gordon Poole
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parent's 2004 annual             Carol B. Armitage
 meeting of stockholders         Michael F. Young
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parent's 2005 annual             John L. Youngblood
meeting of stockholders          Robert E. Fitzgerald
                                 An independent
                                 director designated
                                 by the Company at
                                 least five business
                                 days before the
                                 Closing Date (who
                                 must be reasonably
                                 acceptable to
                                 Parent)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     5.14 Change of Name of Parent.
          -------------------------

     Parent will  submit for  approval  by  Parent's  stockholders,  at the next
meeting of the  stockholders of Parent,  a proposal to change the corporate name
of Parent to YDI Wireless,  Inc.  Prior to such formal name change,  Parent will
use "YDI Wireless, Inc." as a trade name.

     5.15 Employment Agreements.
          ----------------------

     Parent  will use its  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  negotiate  and
execute  before the  Effective  Time (a) an  employment  agreement  (which would
become  effective upon the Effective Time) with each of Robert E. Fitzgerald (as
Chief  Executive  Officer and  President  of Parent),  Patrick  Milton (as Chief
Financial  Officer of Parent),  and Michael F. Young (as Chief Technical Officer
of Parent) pursuant to terms and conditions  mutually  acceptable to the parties
thereto and Parent (provided, in the cases of Messrs. Fitzgerald and Young, that
their  existing  employment  agreements  with the Company are  contemporaneously
terminated) and (b) amendments  (which would become effective upon the Effective
Time) to the existing employment  agreements with each of John L. Youngblood and
Kenneth R. Wood upon terms mutually acceptable to the employee,  Parent, and the
Company; provided,  however, that in no event will the failure to enter into any
such  employment  agreement or amendment be deemed a breach of this Agreement or
the failure of a closing condition.

     5.16 No Solicitation of Employees.
          -----------------------------

     Each party agrees that for a period of 12 months following termination,  if
any, of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Article VII hereof, neither
party shall solicit,  induce,  or recruit any of the other party's  employees to
leave their  employment.  This Section 5.16 shall not prohibit the advertisement
in any publication of general circulation of positions available at such party.

     5.17 Rights Agreement; Takeover Statutes.
          ------------------------------------

                                       44

<PAGE>


     The Board of Directors of Parent shall take all further action (in addition
to that  referred  to in  Section  3.22)  necessary  (including,  as  necessary,
redeeming the Parent Rights  immediately prior to the Effective Time or amending
the Parent Rights Plan) in order to render the Parent Rights inapplicable to the
Merger  and  the  other  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement.  If any
Takeover  Statute  is or may  become  applicable  to  the  Merger  or the  other
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company and
their  respective  Boards of Directors  shall grant such approvals and take such
lawful  actions  as are  necessary  to  ensure  that  such  transactions  may be
consummated  as  promptly  as  practicable  on the  terms  contemplated  by this
Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute
and any regulations promulgated thereunder on such transactions.

     5.18 Indemnification.
          ----------------

          (a) After the Effective  Time,  to the extent  permitted by law Parent
and the Surviving  Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who
has at any time  prior to the  Effective  Time  been an  officer,  director,  or
employee  of the  Company or other  person  entitled  to be  indemnified  by the
Company  pursuant  to its  Articles  of  Incorporation  or  By-laws  as they are
currently in effect on the date hereof or any indemnification agreement which is
in effect on the date  hereof  between  the  Company and such person to the same
extent  as   provided   in  such   Articles  of   Incorporation,   By-laws,   or
indemnification agreement.

          (b) After the Effective  Time,  Parent and the  Surviving  Corporation
shall  indemnify the persons who  immediately  prior to the Effective  Time were
directors or officers of the Company against (i) all actions,  claims,  damages,
costs,  expenses,  liabilities,  or  judgments  or  amounts  that  are  paid  in
settlement with the approval of the indemnifying  party of or in connection with
any claim, action, suit, proceeding,  or investigation based in whole or in part
on or arising  in whole or in part out of the fact that such  person is or was a
director  or  officer  of the  Company,  in  each  case  to the  full  extent  a
corporation is permitted  under Virginia or  Massachusetts  law to indemnify its
own directors and officers  (and Parent and the  Surviving  Corporation,  as the
case may be, will pay expenses in advance of the final  disposition  of any such
actual  proceeding to each indemnified party to the full extent permitted by law
upon receipt of any undertaking  contemplated by Section 13.1-699 of the VSCA or
Section 67 of the Massachusetts  Business  Corporation Law, as the case may be).
In  connection  with  such  indemnification,  (x) any  counsel  retained  by the
indemnified  parties for any period after the Effective Time shall be reasonably
satisfactory  to Parent and the Surviving  Corporation,  (y) after the Effective
Time, the Surviving  Corporation and Parent shall to the extent permitted by law
pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel  promptly after  statements
therefor  are  received,  and (z) the  Surviving  Corporation  and  Parent  will
cooperate  in the  defense  of any  such  matter;  provided,  that  neither  the
Surviving  Corporation  nor Parent shall be liable for any  settlement  effected
without its prior  written  consent,  which  consent  will not  unreasonably  be
withheld.  Neither the Surviving  Corporation nor Parent shall be liable for the
fees and expenses of more than one law firm for all the indemnified parties with
respect to any single  action  unless  there is, under  applicable  standards of
professional  conduct, a conflict on any significant issue between the positions
of any two or more indemnified parties.

                                       45

<PAGE>


          (c) Director and Officer  Liability  Insurance.  Parent shall retain a
              ------------------------------------------
commercially   reasonable  level  of  insurance  for  directors'  and  officers'
liability for current and ongoing officers and directors of Parent.

          (d) This Section 5.18 shall survive the consummation of the Merger, is
intended to benefit the indemnified parties, shall be binding on all successors
and assigns of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, and shall be enforceable by
the indemnified parties.

          5.19 Section 16 Matters.
               -------------------

     Before the  Effective  Time,  the Board of  Directors of Parent shall adopt
such resolutions,  in form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory to Parent and
the Company, as are necessary to exempt from the application of Section 16(b) of
the Exchange  Act the  acquisition  of any security of Parent  pursuant to or in
connection  with the Merger by any person who  becomes a director  or officer of
Parent,  as those  terms are  defined  in Rule  16a-1  under the  Exchange  Act,
pursuant to this  Agreement or otherwise in  connection  with the Merger and the
other transactions  contemplated  hereby, but only to the extent that Section 16
and the regulations thereunder then enable any resolutions to have such effect.

          5.20 Nasdaq Stock Market Listing; Over The Counter Bulletin Board
               -------------------------------------------------------------
               Qualification.
               --------------

     Parent will use its  commercially  reasonable best efforts to (a) cause the
Parent Common Stock to be de-listed from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market prior to the
Effective Time and (b) cause the Parent Common Stock to be qualified for trading
on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board ("OTCBB") on the first business day after
the day in which the Effective Time occurs; provided,  however, in no event will
the  failure  to  obtain  that  OTCBB  qualification  be deemed a breach of this
Agreement or failure of a closing condition.  The Company shall assist Parent in
these efforts as reasonably requested by Parent.

          5.21 Activities to Prepare for Public Company Requirements.
               ------------------------------------------------------

     As soon as possible after this Agreement is signed,  representatives of the
Company  and  Parent  will  meet to agree  upon a plan to  enable  the  combined
Parent/Company  entity to meet its  obligations as a public  company.  This plan
will include a process and  timetable  for (a) the  retention of an  independent
auditing firm with appropriate SEC  qualifications  and experience to review and
audit the  consolidated  financial  statements and SEC filings of Parent and the
Company for  periods on and after the  consummation  of the Merger,  taking into
account cost, experience,  qualifications,  and other factors as the Company and
Parent  shall  mutually  determine  and (b) the  implementation  of a system  of
internal accounting  procedures and controls at the Company sufficient to comply
with  Exchange  Act  and  the  rules  and  regulations  of the  SEC  promulgated
thereunder.  Parent and the Company shall use their commercially reasonable good
faith best efforts to implement that plan, both prior to and after the Effective
Time.

                                   Article VI

                            CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER
                            ------------------------

          6.1  Conditions to Obligations of the Company.
               -----------------------------------------

                                       46

<PAGE>


     The  obligations of the Company to consummate and effect the Merger and the
other transactions  contemplated  hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at
or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any of which
may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the Company:

          (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
              -------------------------------
of Parent  contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects both when made and at and as of the Effective Time,  except for changes
contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and  except  for  those  representations  and
warranties  which  address  matters  only as of a  particular  date (which shall
remain true and  correct as of such date),  with the same force and effect as if
made on and as of the Effective Time.

          (b) Agreements and Covenants.  Parent shall have performed or complied
              ------------------------
in all material  respects with all  agreements  and  covenants  required by this
Agreement to be performed  or complied  with by it on or prior to the  Effective
Time.

          (c) Bringdown.  The Company shall have received a  certificate,  dated
              ----------
the Closing Date, to the effect of Sections 6.1(a),  6.1(b), and 6.1(d),  signed
by the President and Chief Financial Officer of Parent.

          (d) No Material  Adverse  Effect on Parent.  There shall not have been
              ---------------------------------------
any  Material  Adverse  Effect  on  Parent,  and  there  shall not have been any
development  that reasonably would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent.

          (e) Resignation of Parent Directors.  Prior to the Effective Time, the
              -------------------------------
necessary  members of the Board of  Directors  of Parent  shall  have  submitted
written resignations,  effective as of the Effective Time, to Parent in order to
effect the board  composition  contemplated  by Section 5.13, and copies of such
resignations shall have been delivered to the Company.

          (f)  De-Listing  of Parent  Company  Shares  from the Nasdaq  SmallCap
               -----------------------------------------------------------------
Market.  Parent shall have received approval and/or confirmation from The Nasdaq
-------
Stock  Market,  Inc.  as shall be required  under the rules of the Nasdaq  Stock
Market that the Parent Common Stock will be de-listed  from the Nasdaq  SmallCap
Market immediately prior to the Effective Time.

          (g) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining
              ----------------------------------------
order,  preliminary or permanent injunction,  or other order issued by any court
of competent  jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition
preventing the consummation of the Merger or the issuance of Parent Common Stock
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in effect.

          (h) Approvals.  Other than the filings provided for under Sections 1.2
              ----------
and 3.4(b) above,  all orders,  consents,  waivers,  exemptions,  approvals,  or
authorizations of, or declarations, filings, or registrations with, or giving of
notice to, any Person or  Governmental  Entity  required of Parent or any of its
subsidiaries to consummate this  Agreement,  the Merger,  the issuance of Parent
Common Stock, or any other transaction contemplated hereby, the failure of which
to be  obtained  or made (i) could  reasonably  be  expected  to have a Material

                                       47

<PAGE>

Adverse Effect on Parent or (ii) will result in a material violation of any law,
shall  have  been  obtained  or  made,  all in  form  and  substance  reasonably
satisfactory to the Company.

     6.2  Conditions to the Obligations of Parent.
          ----------------------------------------

     The obligations of Parent to consummate and effect the Merger and the other
transactions  contemplated  hereby  shall be subject to the  satisfaction  at or
prior to the Effective  Time of each of the following  conditions,  any of which
may be waived, in writing, exclusively by Parent:

          (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
              ------------------------------
of the  Company  contained  in this  Agreement  shall be true and correct in all
material respects both when made and at and as of the Effective Time, except for
changes contemplated by this Agreement and except for those  representations and
warranties  which  address  matters  only as of a  particular  date (which shall
remain true and  correct as of such date),  with the same force and effect as if
made on and as of the Effective Time.

          (b)  Agreements  and  Covenants.  The Company shall have  performed or
               ---------------------------
complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants  required by
this  Agreement  to be  performed  or  complied  with by it on or  prior  to the
Effective Time.

          (c)  Bringdown.  Parent shall have received a  certificate,  dated the
               ---------
Closing Date, to the effect of Sections 6.2(a),  6.2(b),  and 6.2(d),  signed by
the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

          (d) No Material  Adverse  Effect on the Company.  There shall not have
              --------------------------------------------
been any Material  Adverse Effect on the Company,  and there shall not have been
any  development  that reasonably  would be expected to have a Material  Adverse
Effect on the Company.

          (e)  De-Listing  of Parent  Company  Shares  from the Nasdaq  SmallCap
               -----------------------------------------------------------------
Market.  Parent shall have received approval and/or confirmation from The Nasdaq
-------
Stock  Market,  Inc.  as shall be required  under the rules of the Nasdaq  Stock
Market that the Parent Common Stock will be de-listed  from the Nasdaq  SmallCap
Market immediately prior to the Effective Time.

          (f) Private Placement. Parent shall have determined, to the reasonable
              -----------------
satisfaction of counsel to Parent,  that the Parent Common Stock to be issued to
the Company's  stockholders pursuant to this Agreement may be issued pursuant to
exemptions  from the  registration  requirements  of the  Securities Act and any
applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws.

          (g) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining
              ----------------------------------------
order,  preliminary or permanent injunction,  or other order issued by any court
of competent  jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition
preventing the consummation of the Merger or the issuance of Parent Common Stock
contemplated by this Agreement shall be in effect.

                                       48

<PAGE>


          (h) Approvals.  Other than the filings provided for under Sections 1.2
              ---------
and 2.4(b) above,  all orders,  consents,  waivers,  exemptions,  approvals,  or
authorizations of, or declarations, filings, or registrations with, or giving of
notice to, any Person or  Governmental  Entity required of the Company or any of
its  subsidiaries  to consummate  this  Agreement,  the Merger,  the issuance of
Parent Common Stock, or any other transaction  contemplated  hereby, the failure
of which to be  obtained  or made (i) could  reasonably  be  expected  to have a
Material  Adverse  Effect  on the  Company  or (ii) will  result  in a  material
violation  of any  law,  shall  have  been  obtained  or  made,  all in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent.



                                  Article VII

                        TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
                        ---------------------------------

     7.1  Termination.
         -----------

     This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time:

          (a) by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent;

          (b) by Parent if:

                  (i) there has been a  material  breach of any  representation,
warranty,  covenant, or agreement contained in this Agreement on the part of the
Company  and such  breach has not been  cured  within  seven days after  written
notice to the Company  (provided,  that Parent is not in material  breach of the
terms of this  Agreement;  and  provided  further,  that no cure period shall be
required  for a breach  which by its  nature  cannot  be  cured)  such  that the
conditions  set forth in Section 6.2(a) or Section  6.2(b),  as the case may be,
will not be satisfied, or

                  (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company amends,  withholds,
or withdraws its recommendation of the Merger or the stockholders of the Company
amend,  withhold, or withdraw their approval of the Merger (provided that Parent
is not in material breach of the terms of this Agreement);

          (c) by the Company if:

                  (i) there has been a  material  breach of any  representation,
warranty,  covenant,  or agreement  contained  in this  Agreement on the part of
Parent and such breach has not been cured within seven days after written notice
to Parent (provided,  that the Company is not in material breach of the terms of
this Agreement;  and provided further, that no cure period shall be required for
a breach which by its nature cannot be cured) such that the conditions set forth
in Section 6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b), as the case may be, will not be satisfied;

                                       49

<PAGE>


                  (ii) the Board of Directors of Parent  amends,  withholds,  or
withdraws  its  recommendation  of the Merger  (provided  the  Company is not in
material breach of the terms of this Agreement);

          (d) by any party hereto if (i) there shall be a final,  non-appealable
order of a federal  or state  court in  effect  preventing  consummation  of the
Merger or (ii) there shall be any final  action  taken,  or any  statute,  rule,
regulation, or order enacted, promulgated, or issued or deemed applicable to the
Merger by any  Governmental  Entity which would make  consummation of the Merger
illegal or which would  prohibit  Parent's  ownership  or  operation of all or a
material portion of the business of the Company,  or compel Parent to dispose of
or hold  separate  all or a material  portion of the  business  or assets of the
Company or Parent as a result of the Merger;

          (e) by any party hereto if the Merger shall not have been  consummated
by April 7, 2003;  provided,  that the right to terminate this  Agreement  under
this Section 7.1(e) shall not be available to any party whose willful failure to
fulfill any material  obligation  under this Agreement has been the cause of, or
resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before such date;

          (f) by any  party  hereto  if the Board of  Directors  of the  Company
accepts or approves a Superior Proposal or recommends a Superior Proposal to the
stockholders  of the Company or if the  stockholders  of the  Company  approve a
Superior Proposal (provided that the terminating party is not in material breach
of the terms of this Agreement); or

          (g) by any party hereto if the Board of Directors of Parent accepts or
approves  a  Superior  Proposal,  or  recommends  a  Superior  Proposal  to  the
stockholders of Parent  (provided that the terminating  party is not in material
breach of the terms of this Agreement).

     Where action is taken to terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this Section
7.1, it shall be  sufficient  for such action to be  authorized  by the Board of
Directors of the party taking such action.

     7.2  Effect of Termination.
          ----------------------

     In the event of  termination  of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1,
this Agreement  shall  forthwith  become void and there shall be no liability or
obligation  hereunder on the part of Parent,  Merger Sub, the Company,  or their
respective  officers,  directors,  stockholders,  or  affiliates,  except to the
extent that such termination results from the breach by a party hereto of any of
its  representations,  warranties,  covenants,  or agreements  set forth in this
Agreement,  and, provided that the provisions of Sections 5.2(b),  5.4, and 5.16
of this  Agreement  shall  remain  in full  force and  effect  and  survive  any
termination of this Agreement.

     7.3  Notice of Termination.
          ----------------------

     Any termination of this Agreement under Section 7.1 above will be effective
immediately upon the delivery of written notice by the terminating  party to the
other parties hereto.

     7.4  Amendment.
          ----------

                                       50

<PAGE>


     This  Agreement may be amended by the parties  hereto at any time, but only
by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto.

     7.5  Extension; Waiver.
          ------------------

     At any time prior to the Effective Time any party hereto may, to the extent
legally  allowed,  (i)  extend  the  time  for  the  performance  of  any of the
obligations  or  other  acts  of  the  other  parties  hereto,  (ii)  waive  any
inaccuracies in the  representations and warranties made to such party contained
herein or in any document  delivered pursuant hereto, and (iii) waive compliance
with any of the  agreements,  covenants  or  conditions  for the benefit of such
party contained herein.  Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing
signed on behalf of such party.

                                  Article VIII

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
                               ------------------

     8.1  Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.
          -----------------------------------------------

     The representations  and warranties of the Company,  Parent, and Merger Sub
contained in this Agreement  shall terminate at the Effective Time, and only the
covenants  that by their terms  survive  the  Effective  Time shall  survive the
Effective Time.

     8.2  Notices.
          --------

     All  notices  and other  communications  hereunder  shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given if delivered personally or by commercial delivery service,
or mailed by registered or certified mail (return  receipt  requested),  or sent
via telecopy  (receipt  confirmed) to the parties at the following  addresses or
telecopy  numbers (or at such other  address or telecopy  numbers for a party as
the party  shall  specify by like  notice).  If so mailed,  they shall be deemed
given upon the earlier of actual receipt or three business days after mailing:

          (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

                    20 Industrial Drive East
                    South Deerfield, MA 01373
                    Attention: John L. Youngblood
                    Facsimile No.: (413) 665-0089
                    with a copy to:
                    Foley Hoag LLP
                    155 Seaport Boulevard
                    Boston, MA 02210
                    Attention: William R. Kolb, Esq.
                    Facsimile No.: (617) 832-7000

                                       51

<PAGE>


          (b) if to the Company, to:

                    8000 Lee Highway
                    Falls Church, VA 22042
                    Attention: Robert E. Fitzgerald
                    Facsimile No.: (703) 205-0610


     8.3  Interpretation.
          ---------------

     When a reference  is made in this  Agreement to  Exhibits,  such  reference
shall be to an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise  indicated.  The words
"include,"  "includes" and "including"  when used herein shall be deemed in each
case to be followed by the words "without limitation." The table of contents and
headings  contained in this Agreement are for reference  purposes only and shall
not affect in any way the  meaning or  interpretation  of this  Agreement.  When
reference is made herein to "the business of" an entity, such reference shall be
deemed to include the business of all direct and indirect  subsidiaries  of such
entity.  Reference to the  subsidiaries  of an entity shall be deemed to include
all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity.

     8.4  Counterparts.
          -------------

     This  Agreement may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  all of which
shall be considered one and the same  agreement and shall become  effective when
one or more  counterparts  have been signed by each of the parties and delivered
to the other  parties,  it being  understood  that all parties need not sign the
same counterpart. A facsimile or copy of a signature is valid as an original.

     8.5  Entire Agreement.
          -----------------

     This Agreement and the documents and instruments and other agreements among
the parties  hereto as  contemplated  by or referred  to herein,  including  the
Company Letter and the Parent Letter,  (a) constitute the entire agreement among
the parties with respect to the subject  matter  hereof and  supersede all prior
and contemporaneous agreements and understandings,  both written and oral, among
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof,  it being understood that
the Confidentiality  Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the
Closing and shall survive any  termination  of this  Agreement,  and (b) are not
intended  to confer  upon any other  person  any rights or  remedies  hereunder,
except as specifically set forth in Section 5.18.

     8.6  Severability.
          -------------

     If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof,  becomes or
is  declared  by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  illegal,  void,  or
unenforceable,  the remainder of this  Agreement will continue in full force and
effect and the  application of such provision to other persons or  circumstances
will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto.
The parties  further  agree to replace such void or  unenforceable  provision of
this Agreement with a valid and enforceable  provision that will achieve, to the
extent  possible,  the economic,  business,  and other  purposes of such void or

                                       52

<PAGE>

unenforceable  provision;  and, if they do not act to replace the provision, the
Agreement will be interpreted as if they had replaced it with such a provision.

     8.7  Other Remedies.
          ---------------

     Except as otherwise  provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly
conferred upon a party will be deemed  cumulative  with and not exclusive of any
other  remedy  conferred  hereby or by law or equity  upon such  party,  and the
exercise  by a party of any one remedy  will not  preclude  the  exercise of any
other remedy.

     8.8  Governing Law and Choice of Forum.
          ----------------------------------

          (a) This  Agreement  shall be governed by and  construed in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, regardless of the laws that might
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof.

          (b) Any  dispute or  controversy  arising  out of or  relating to this
Agreement,  any document or  instrument  delivered  pursuant to or in connection
herewith,  or any breach of this  Agreement or any such  document or  instrument
shall be resolved exclusively (as to court proceedings initiated by the Company,
including any counterclaims or crossclaims later brought by Parent) in the state
or federal courts whose local geographic  jurisdiction includes South Deerfield,
Massachusetts,  or  exclusively  (as to court  proceedings  initiated by Parent,
including any  counterclaims or crossclaims later brought by the Company) in the
state or federal courts whose local  geographic  jurisdiction  includes  Fairfax
County,  Virginia.  Each  of the  parties  hereto  irrevocably  consents  to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any such state or federal court in connection with any
matter based upon or arising out of this  Agreement or the matters  contemplated
herein,  agrees that process may be served upon them in any manner authorized by
the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia or the  Commonwealth of  Massachusetts,
as the case may be, for such persons and waives and  covenants  not to assert or
plead  any  objection  which  they  might  otherwise  have to such  forum,  such
jurisdiction and such process.

     8.9  Rules of Construction.
          ----------------------

     The parties hereto agree that they have been  represented by counsel during
the  negotiation  and  execution of this  Agreement  and,  therefore,  waive the
application of any law, regulation,  holding, or rule of construction  providing
that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the
party drafting such agreement or document.

     8.10 Assignment.
          -----------

     No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights,  interests,
or  obligations  hereunder  without  the  prior  written  approval  of the other
parties.

     8.11 Certain Definitions.
          --------------------

     For purposes of this Agreement, the term:

                                       53

<PAGE>


          (a) "business day" means any day on which the principal offices of the
SEC in  Washington  D.C.  are  open  to  accept  filings,  or,  in the  case  of
determining  a date when any payment is due, any day (other than a Saturday or a
Sunday) on which banks are not required or authorized to close in Virginia;

          (b) "knowledge" means with respect to any fact,  circumstance,  event,
or other  matter in  question,  that such fact,  circumstance,  event,  or other
matter was actually known by or upon reasonable  inquiry or investigation  would
have  been  actually  known by (i) an  individual,  if used in  reference  to an
individual, or (ii) John L. Youngblood,  Dennis C. Stempel, or David L. Renauld,
if used in reference to Parent,  or (iii) Robert E. Fitzgerald,  Patrick Milton,
Michael E. Young, or Gordon Poole, if used in reference to the Company.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       54



<PAGE>




     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their  respective duly authorized  officers,  all as of the date first
written above.

[Seal]                                   TELAXIS COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION


                                         By:/s/John L. Youngblood
                                            ------------------------------------
                                         Name: John L. Youngblood
                                         Title:  President


                                         By: /s/ Dennis C. Stempel
                                            ------------------------------------
                                         Name: Dennis C. Stempel
                                         Title:  Treasurer


[Seal] YOUNG DESIGN, INC.


                                         By: /s/ Robert E. Fitzgerald
                                            ------------------------------------
                                         Name: Robert E. Fitzgerald
                                         Title: Chief Executive Officer


                                         By: /s/ Michael E. Young
                                           -------------------------------------
                                         Name:  Michael E. Young
                                         Title:  President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
