<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>p67608exv10w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

      This Indemnification Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into effective as
of [__________________], by and between Lipid Sciences, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and [_______________] ("Indemnitee").

      WHEREAS, the Company and Indemnitee recognize that there has been a
substantial increase in corporate litigation in general, subjecting directors,
officers, employees, agents and fiduciaries to expensive litigation risks at the
same time as the availability and coverage of liability insurance has been
severely limited;

      WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the current protection available as
adequate under the present circumstances, and the Indemnitee and other
directors, officers, employees, agents and fiduciaries of the Company may not be
willing to continue to serve in such capacities without additional protection;

      WHEREAS, the Company desires to attract and retain the services of highly
qualified individuals, such as Indemnitee, to serve the Company and, in part, in
order to induce Indemnitee to continue to provide services to the Company,
wishes to provide for the indemnification and advancing of expenses to
Indemnitee to the maximum extent permitted by law; and

      WHEREAS, in view of the considerations set forth above, the Company
desires that effective upon the date referred to above, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified by the Company as set forth herein.

      NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and Indemnitee hereby agree as follows:

      1. Indemnification.

      (a) Indemnification of Expenses. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to
the fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee was or is or becomes a party
to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or
witness or other participant in, a Claim by reason of (or arising in part out
of) an Indemnifiable Event against any and all Expenses, including all interest,
assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect
of such Expenses. Such payment of Expenses shall be made by the Company as soon
as practicable but in any event no later than five (5) days after written demand
by Indemnitee therefor is presented to the Company.

<PAGE>

(b) Reviewing Party.

      (i) The obligations of the Company under Section l(a) shall be subject to
the condition that the Reviewing Party shall not have determined (in a written
opinion, in any case in which the Independent Legal Counsel referred to in
Section l(c) hereof is involved) that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be
indemnified under applicable law. The obligation of the Company to make a
reimbursement payment of Expenses to Indemnitee pursuant to Section 2(a) (an
"Expense Reimbursement") shall be subject to the condition that, if, when and to
the extent that the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee should not have
been permitted to be so indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be
entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse the
Company) for all such amounts theretofore paid.

      (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph (b)(i), if Indemnitee has
commenced or thereafter commences legal proceedings in a court of competent
jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified
under applicable law, any determination made by the Reviewing Party that
Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall
not be binding, and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company
for any Expense Reimbursement, until final judicial determination is made with
respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted
or lapsed).

      (iii) Indemnitee's obligation to reimburse the Company for any Expense
Reimbursement shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon.

      (iv) If there has not been a Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall
be selected by the Board of Directors, and if there has been such a Change in
Control (other than a Change in Control which has been approved by a majority of
the Company's Board of Directors who were directors immediately prior to such
Change in Control), the Reviewing Party shall be the Independent Legal Counsel
referred to in Section l(c) hereof.

      (v) If there has been no determination by the Reviewing Party or if the
Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee substantively would not be permitted
to be indemnified in whole or in part under applicable law, Indemnitee shall
have the right to commence litigation seeking an initial determination by the
court or challenging any such determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect
thereof, including the legal or factual bases therefor, and the Company hereby
consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any
determination by the Reviewing Party otherwise shall be conclusive and binding
on the Company and Indemnitee.


                                       2
<PAGE>

      (c) Change in Control. The Company agrees that if there is a Change in
Control of the Company (other than a Change in Control which has been approved
by a majority of the Company's Board of Directors who were directors immediately
prior to such Change in Control) then with respect to all matters thereafter
arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to payments of Expenses and Expense
Reimbursements under this Agreement or any other agreement or under the
Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws as now or hereafter
in effect, the Company shall seek legal advice only from legal counsel selected
by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld) ("Independent Legal Counsel"). Such counsel, among other
things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to
whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under
applicable law. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent
Legal Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any
and all expenses (including attorneys' fees), claims, liabilities and damages
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

      (d) Mandatory Payment of Expenses. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement other than Section 9 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee has
been successful on the merits or otherwise, including, without limitation, the
dismissal of an action without prejudice, in defense of any action, suit,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation referred to in Section l(a) hereof or in
the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified against all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith.

      2. Expenses; Indemnification Procedure.

      (a) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse all Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee. The reimbursements to be made hereunder shall be paid by
the Company to Indemnitee as soon as practicable but in any event no later than
five (5) days after written demand by Indemnitee therefor to the Company.

      (b) Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall, as a condition
precedent to Indemnitee's right to be indemnified under this Agreement, give the
Company notice in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim made against
Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under this
Agreement. Notice to the Company shall be directed to the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, or the Company's highest ranking executive officer, with
a copy to the Company's Secretary, at the address shown on the signature page of
this Agreement (or such other address as the Company shall designate in writing
to Indemnitee). In addition, Indemnitee shall give the Company such information
and cooperation as it may reasonably require and as shall be within Indemnitee's
power. Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee, or the Company, of any notice or
document respecting the commencement of a Claim naming or involving Indemnitee
and relating to an Indemnifiable Event with respect to which Indemnitee may be
entitled to indemnification or an Expense Reimbursement pursuant to this
Agreement,


                                       3
<PAGE>

the party receiving the same shall notify the other party promptly of such
receipt.

      (c) No Presumptions; Burden of Proof. For purposes of this Agreement, the
termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without
court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its
equivalent, shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any
particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has
determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. In addition,
neither the failure of the Reviewing Party to have made a determination as to
whether Indemnitee has met any particular standard of conduct or had any
particular belief, nor an actual determination by the Reviewing Party that
Indemnitee has not met such standard of conduct or did not have such belief,
prior to the commencement of legal proceedings by Indemnitee to secure a
judicial determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable
law, shall be a defense to Indemnitee's claim or create a presumption that
Indemnitee has not met any particular standard of conduct or did not have any
particular belief. In connection with any determination by the Reviewing Party
or otherwise as to whether the Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified
hereunder, the burden of proof shall be on the Company to establish that
Indemnitee is not so entitled.

      (d) Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt by the Company of a
notice of a Claim pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof, the Company, or any affiliate
of the Company, has liability insurance in effect which may cover such Claim,
the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such Claim to the
insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause
such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a
result of such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation in accordance
with the terms of such policies.

      (e) Selection of Counsel. In the event the Company shall be obligated
hereunder to pay the Expenses of any Claim, the Company, if appropriate, shall
be entitled to assume the defense of such Claim, with counsel approved by
Indemnitee ("Retained Counsel"), upon the delivery to Indemnitee of written
notice of its election so to do. After delivery of such notice, approval of
Retained Counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of Retained Counsel by the
Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for
any fees of separate counsel ("Separate Counsel") subsequently incurred by
Indemnitee with respect to the same Claim; provided that, (i) Indemnitee shall
have the right to employ Separate Counsel in any such Claim at Indemnitee's
expense and (ii) if (A) the employment of Separate Counsel by Indemnitee has
been previously authorized by the Company, (B) Indemnitee shall have reasonably
concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the Company and
Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense, or (C) the Company shall not
continue to retain Retained Counsel to defend such Claim, then the fees and
expenses of Indemnitee's Separate Counsel shall be at the expense of the
Company.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      3. Additional Indemnification Rights; Nonexclusivity.

      (a) Scope. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the
fullest extent permitted by law, notwithstanding that such indemnification is
not specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement, the
Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Company's By-laws or by
statute. In the event of any change after the date of this Agreement in any
applicable law, statute or rule which expands the right of a Delaware
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary, it is the intent of the parties hereto that
Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits afforded by such
change. In the event of any change in any applicable law, statute or rule which
narrows the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify a member of its board
of directors or an officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, such change, to the
extent not otherwise required by such law, statute or rule to be applied to this
Agreement, shall have no effect on this Agreement or the parties' rights and
obligations hereunder, except as set forth in Section 8(a) hereof.

      (b) Nonexclusivity. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall
be in addition to any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the
Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, its By-laws, any other
agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or otherwise. The indemnification
provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action
taken or not taken while serving at the request of the Company in an indemnified
capacity even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in such capacity.

      4. No Duplication of Payments. The Company shall not be liable under this
Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Claim made against
Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment
(under any insurance policy, certificate of incorporation, by-law or otherwise)
of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.

      5. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of
Expenses incurred in connection with any Claim, but not, however, for all of the
total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for
the portion of such Expenses to which Indemnitee is entitled.

      6. Mutual Acknowledgment. Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that
in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the
Company from indemnifying its directors, officers, employees, agents or
fiduciaries under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and
acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required in the future to
undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of
indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the
Company's right under public policy to


                                       5
<PAGE>

indemnify Indemnitee.

      7. Liability Insurance. To the extent the Company maintains liability
insurance applicable to directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries,
Indemnitee shall be covered by such policies in such a manner as to provide
Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably
insured of the Company's directors, if Indemnitee is a director; or of the
Company's officers, if Indemnitee is not a director of the Company but is an
officer; or of the Company's key employees, agents or fiduciaries, if Indemnitee
is not an officer or director but is a key employee, agent or fiduciary.

      8. Exceptions. Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:

      (a) Excluded Action or Omissions. To indemnify Indemnitee for acts,
omissions or transactions from which Indemnitee may not be relieved of liability
under applicable law.

      (b) Claims Initiated by Indemnitee. To indemnify or reimburse Expenses to
Indemnitee with respect to Claims initiated or brought voluntarily by Indemnitee
and not by way of defense, except (i) with respect to actions or proceedings
brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under this Agreement
or any other agreement or insurance policy or under the Company's Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
Claims for Indemnifiable Events, (ii) in specific cases if the Board of
Directors has approved the initiation or bringing of such Claim, or (iii) as
otherwise as required under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such
indemnification, reimbursement of expenses or insurance recovery, as the case
may be.

      (c) Lack of Good Faith. To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses incurred
by the Indemnitee with respect to any proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to
enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that each of the material assertions made by the Indemnitee in such
proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous.

      (d) Claims Under Section 16. To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses and the
payment of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of
securities in violation of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any similar
successor statute, rules or regulations.

      9. Period of Limitations. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of
action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee,
Indemnitee's estate, spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal
representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of
such cause of action, and any claim or cause of


                                       6
<PAGE>

action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted
by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided,
however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to
any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

      10. Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the meaning assigned to them hereunder:

      (a) Change in Control shall mean any event in which:

            (i) any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than (i)
      Silicon Graphics, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (other than the
      Company), (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary (acting in such capacity)
      holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, or (iii)
      a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the
      Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock
      of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
      13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
      Company representing more than 15% of the total voting power of the
      Company's then outstanding Voting Securities.

            (ii) during any period of two consecutive years commencing
      immediately after the disposition by Silicon Graphics, Inc. of all of its
      beneficial ownership interest in the Company, individuals who at the
      beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of the Company
      and any new directors whose election by the Board of Directors or
      nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a
      vote of at least two thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office
      who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election
      or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any
      reason to constitute a majority thereof; or

            (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or
      consolidation of the Company with any other corporation other than a
      merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the
      Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
      (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting
      Securities of the surviving entity) at least 80% of the total voting power
      represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving
      entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the
      stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
      Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of (in
      one transaction or a series of related transactions) all or substantially
      all of the Company's assets.

      (b) Claim shall mean any threatened, pending or completed action, suit,


                                       7
<PAGE>

proceeding, arbitration, or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, or any
hearing, inquiry or investigation that Indemnitee in good faith believes might
lead to the institution of any action, suit, proceeding, arbitration or
alternative dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, investigative or otherwise.

      (c) Company shall mean and include, in addition to the Company and any
successor corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of
a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate
existence were continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its
directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries, so that if Indemnitee is
or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such constituent
corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation
as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise,
Indemnitee shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this
Agreement with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as Indemnitee
would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate
existence had continued.

      (d) Expenses shall mean and include any and all expenses, including
attorneys' fees and all other costs, expenses and obligations incurred in
connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in
(including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness in or participate
in, any action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, alternative dispute resolution
mechanism, hearing, inquiry or investigation, and any and all judgments, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in
advance by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of
any Claim and any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on the
Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under
this Agreement.

      (e) Indemnifiable Event shall mean any event or occurrence related to the
fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, partner, employee, trustee,
agent or fiduciary of the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner,
employee, trustee, agent or fiduciary of any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, which imposes duties on, or involves
services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary while serving
in such capacity, or by reason of any action or inaction on the part of
Indemnitee in such capacity.

      (f) Reviewing Party shall mean any appropriate person or body consisting
of a member or members of the Company's Board of Directors or any other person
or body appointed by the Board of Directors who is not a party to the particular
Claim for which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification, or Independent Legal
Counsel.

      (g) Voting Securities shall mean any securities of the Company the holders
of which are entitled to elect a majority of the Company's directors.


                                       8
<PAGE>

      11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

      12. Binding Effect; Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
hereto and their respective successors, assigns, including any direct or
indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or
substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, spouses, heirs,
and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any
successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or
otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business
and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this
Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall
continue in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as a
director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary (as applicable) of the Company
or of any other enterprise at the Company's request.

      13. Attorneys' Fees. In the event that any action is instituted by
Indemnitee under this Agreement or under any liability insurance policies
maintained by the Company to enforce or interpret any of the terms hereof or
thereof, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred by
Indemnitee with respect to such action, regardless of whether Indemnitee is
ultimately successful in such action, and shall be entitled to the reimbursement
of Expenses with respect to such action, unless as a part of such action a court
of competent jurisdiction over such action determines that each of the material
assertions made by Indemnitee as a basis for such action were not made in good
faith or were frivolous. In the event of an action instituted by or in the name
of the Company under this Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the terms of
this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred by
Indemnitee in defense of such action (including costs and expenses incurred with
respect to Indemnitee's counterclaims and cross-claims made in such action), and
shall be entitled to the reimbursement of Expenses with respect to such action,
unless as a part of such action a court having jurisdiction over such action
determines that each of Indemnitee's material defenses to such action were made
in bad faith or were frivolous.

      14. Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (i) if
delivered by hand and signed for by the addressee, on the date of such receipt,
or (ii) if mailed by domestic certified or registered mail with postage prepaid,
on the third business day after the date postmarked. Addresses for notice to
either party are as shown on the signature page of this Agreement, or as
subsequently modified by written notice.

      15. Consent to Jurisdiction. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware
for all


                                       9
<PAGE>

purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of or
relates to this Agreement and agree that any action instituted under this
Agreement shall be commenced, prosecuted and continued only in the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware in and for New Castle County, which shall be
the exclusive and only proper forum for adjudicating such a claim.

      16. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in
the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any provision within a
single section, paragraph or sentence) are held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining
provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitations, each portion of this Agreement containing any
provision held to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, that is not
itself invalid, void or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect
to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable.

      17. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and its provisions
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, as
applied to contracts between Delaware residents, entered into and to be
performed entirely within the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict
of laws principles thereof.

      18. Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents required and shall do
all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the Company
effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

      19. Amendment and Termination. No amendment, modification, termination or
cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing signed
by both the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof
(whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

      20. Integration and Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and merges all previous
written and oral negotiations, commitments, understandings and agreements
relating to the subject matter hereof between the parties hereto.

      21. No Construction as Employment Agreement. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right to be retained in
the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

                                        LIPID SCIENCES, INC.


                                        By: ____________________________________
                                        Name:
                                        Title:

Address:
7068 Koll Center Parkway, Suite 401
Pleasanton, CA 94566

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

INDEMNITEE:


By: ______________________________
Name:
Title:

Address:


                                       11


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
