<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 10


                                    AGREEMENT

This Agreement, executed this 4th day of February 2003 by and between Charles O.
Strathman (hereinafter "Employee"), and Union Oil Company of California
("Company") and Unocal Corporation ("Unocal").

WHEREAS, Employee is currently the Vice President & Chief Legal Officer of
Unocal and Company on an interim basis at an annual base salary of $315,000.00;

WHEREAS, Employee, Company and Unocal wish to establish the terms relating to
Employee's termination as an employee and officer.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this
Agreement, the sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

1.       Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Unocal and
         Company shall retain the right to terminate Employee's employment,
         including as an officer of Unocal, at any time and for any reason,
         subject only to the payment of such benefits and payments as may be
         provided in this Agreement and the benefit plans and policies of Unocal
         and Company.

2.       For purpose of this Agreement a "qualifying termination" is any of the
         following terminations of Employee's employment with Unocal and
         Company:

          (a)  A termination  of  Employee's  employment at any time for reasons
               other than the  misconduct of Employee;

          (b)  A termination on or after May 31, 2004 for any reason,  including
               upon a resignation of employment by Employee;

          (c)  A  termination,  including by  Employee's  resignation,  any time
               after 6 months  following  the  date a new  Chief  Legal  Officer
               and/or General Counsel of Unocal assumes such duties..

          (d)  A termination,  including by Employee's resignation,  following a
               reduction of Employee's current salary or incentive targets.

3.       If Employee is terminated pursuant to a "qualifying termination" as
         defined above, Employee shall be entitled to such severance and
         termination-type benefits as are applicable to his position at Unocal
         and Company, but such benefits shall be not less than the following:

          (a)  Employee's termination shall be treated as "at the convenience of
               the Company" under the Company's  Long-Term  Incentive Plans thus
               entitling  him to the  extended  period to exercise  vested stock
               options, the vesting of Restricted Stock and the pro-rata payment
               of Performance  Shares,  all in accordance  with the terms of the
               respective plans.

                                   -1-
<PAGE>

          (b)  Unocal Employee Redeployment Program benefits; and

          (c)  Unocal Termination Allowance Plan benefits;

Benefits under 3(b) and 3(c) above shall not be less than the benefit that would
have been payable to Employee had his employment been terminated at the
convenience of the Company upon the elimination of his job on January 1, 2003 at
his then current salary and in accordance with the terms of said Plan and
Program as they existed on such date.

4.       Unless Employee is terminated for misconduct, Employee shall receive a
         Revised Incentive Compensation Plan Award for calendar year 2003 and
         2004 prorated for his actual period of employment during each of said
         years. For each such year, the award before pro-ration shall be not
         less than the average of the percentage of target payable to employees
         of the Unocal Law Department, unless reduced because Employee had
         significant performance problems of which Employee was advised prior to
         his termination.

5.       As a condition of receipt of the payments described in Section 3 above,
         the Employee agrees to execute such applications and releases as
         reasonably required by Unocal and Company.

6.       In the event that Unocal is precluded from making payments under
         Section 3 above because of the provisions of any applicable plan,
         Employee shall receive the comparable economic benefits provided under
         Section 3 in cash payments, benefit plan payments or any combination
         thereof.

7.       This Agreement may not be modified except by a written agreement signed
         by both Employee and by a Vice President of Union Oil Company of
         California.

8.       This Agreement shall be interpreted to be valid to the full extent
         possible under the laws of the State of California.

9.       Employee warrants and represents that he has not assigned or in any way
         transferred any claim related to the subject matter of the Agreement
         and that he will not allow or assist in such transfer or assignment in
         the future.

10.      Company and Unocal may not assign this Agreement, except that Company's
         and Unocal's obligations hereunder shall be binding legal obligations
         of Company and Unocal Corporation and any successor to all or
         substantially all their business by sale, merger, consolidation or
         otherwise.

11.      Employee agrees that this Agreement is understood by Employee and is
         voluntarily entered into by the Employee.

                                      -2-


<PAGE>

12.      This Agreement shall be construed as a whole according to its fair
         meaning. It shall not be construed strictly for or against Employee,
         Company or Unocal. The Agreement shall be governed by the statutes and
         common law of the State of California.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed in duplicate originals.


UNION OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA
-------------------------------
AND UNOCAL CORPORATION


By: /s/ TERRY G. DALLAS              /s/ CHARLES O. STRATHMAN
    -------------------              ------------------------
                                      Signature

Terry G. Dallas                      Charles O. Strathman
----------------                     ---------------------
Print Name                           Print Name

2/4/03                               2/4/03
----------                           ----------
Date                                 Date


                                      -3-




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
