<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>certofincorp.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX. 2.3 - CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                     M.C.M. ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                   (originally incorporated on March 14, 2001)

         The undersigned,  Yoav Millet, being the President of M.C.M.
Environmental  Technologies, Inc., a corporation  organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware, on behalf of said corporation,
hereby certifies as follows:

         FIRST:   The name of the corporation (the "CORPORATION") is M.C.M.
Environmental Technologies, Inc.

         SECOND:  The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation as in
effect on the date hereof is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety
as set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the "AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION").

         THIRD:   The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly
adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate this
17th day of December, 2002.

                                        M.C.M. ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Yoav Millet
                                           ------------------------------------
                                        Name:   Yoav Millet
                                        Title:  President


<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                                                                       ---------
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED

                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                     M.C.M. ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    ---------

         The name of the corporation is M.C.M. Environmental Technologies, Inc.
(the "Corporation").

                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

         The registered office of the Corporation is to be located in the City
of Wilmington, County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware. The name of its
registered agent is the Corporation Service Company, whose address is 2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                   -----------

         The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

         (A) Capital Stock. The Corporation is authorized to issue three classes
of shares of capital stock to be designated respectively Class A Common Stock,
Class B Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The total number of shares of capital
stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 500,000 shares. The total
number of shares of Class A Common Stock that the Corporation is authorized to
issue is 275,000. The total number of shares of Class B Common Stock that the
Corporation is authorized to issue is 25,000. The total number of shares of


                                       2
<PAGE>


Preferred Stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 200,000. The
Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock and the Preferred Stock shall
each have a par value of $0.001 per share.

         (B) Rights, Preferences and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. The
Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board
of Directors is hereby authorized, within the limitations and restrictions
stated in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to fix or
alter the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights,
rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption
price or prices, and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of
Preferred Stock; the number of shares constituting any such series and the
designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of
shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series, but
not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the
number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares constituting
such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of
the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.

             The first series of Preferred Stock shall consist of 100,000 shares
and shall be designated Series A Preferred Stock. The powers, preferences,
rights, restrictions, and other matters relating to the Series A Preferred Stock
are as follows (unless otherwise stated to the contrary, all "Section"
references in this Section (B) of this Article IV shall refer to the applicable
sections contained in this Section (B) of this Article IV of this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation):

         1.  Dividend Preference. In the event of distribution of dividends:


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  (a) The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (the "Series A
Holders") shall be entitled to receive, out of any assets legally available
therefor, prior to and in preference over any of the holders of any other
classes of shares of the Corporation, an amount of dividends per share of Series
A Preferred Stock equal to the following: (i) the full Per Share Price (as
defined in Section 3(e)), adjusted for any Recapitalization Event (as defined in
Section 4(b)), plus (ii) interest at the rate of seven percent (7%) per annum,
compounded annually, from the date of filing of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to the date of distribution of such dividends (the
"Preferential Amount"), if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. If the dividends thus distributed among the Series A Holders shall
be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full Preferential
Amount, then the entire dividend amount available for distribution shall be
distributed pro-rata among the Series A Holders in proportion to their
respective holdings in the Corporation on an as-converted basis.

                  (b) After payment in full of the Preferential Amount, the
remaining dividend amount then available for distribution shall be distributed
pro-rata among the Series A Holders and the holders of the other classes of
shares of the Corporation, in proportion to their respective holdings of shares
in the Corporation on an as-converted basis.

         2.  Voting Rights. The Series A Preferred Stock shall be voting stock.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by law, each Series
A Holder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock
into which such shares of Series A Preferred Stock could then be converted on
the record date for such vote and shall have voting rights and powers equal to
the voting rights and powers of such Class A Common Stock as if voting together
with the Class A Common Stock as a single class, and shall be entitled to notice


                                       4
<PAGE>


of any stockholders' meeting in accordance with the By-Laws of the Corporation
and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

         3.  Conversion Rights. The Series A Holders shall have the following
rights and be subject to the following obligations with respect to the
conversion of their respective shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of
Class A Common Stock (the "Conversion Rights"):

             (a) Optional Conversion. The Series A Holders shall have the
right, at their discretion, at any time after the date of issuance of such
Series A Preferred Stock, to convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock
into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock ("Optional
Conversion") in accordance with the terms hereof.

             (b) Automatic Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically shall be
converted into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock (an
"Automatic Conversion") upon: (i) the consummation of a firm commitment initial
public offering of the Corporation's securities (a "Qualified IPO"); (II) the
acquisition of all or substantially all of the Corporation's shares or assets by
a third party with the proceeds thereof resulting in the full realization by the
Series A Holders of their investment in the Corporation (i.e. return of their
entire investment, in U.S. dollars); or (iii) with the written consent of the
Series A Holders holding 75% or more of the Series A Preferred Stock.

             (c) Calculation of Conversion. Under an Optional Conversion or an
Automatic Conversion, each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
convertible, at the office of the Corporation, into such number of fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock as is determined by dividing
the applicable Per Share Price by the applicable Conversion Price (as defined
below) at the time in effect for such share. The date upon which shares of


                                       5
<PAGE>


Series A Preferred Stock are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall
be deemed a "Conversion Event Date" with respect to such Series A Preferred
Stock. The "Per Share Price" of each share of Series A Preferred Stock, for all
holders thereof is $72.31. The initial Conversion Price for shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be the Per Share Price of such shares, subject to any
adjustments under Section 3(d) (the "Conversion Price").

             (d) Conversion Price Adjustment.

                  (1) Cases of Adjustment.

                  The Conversion Price shall be adjusted in the following
             cases: (i) upon each additional issuance by the Corporation
             of any New Securities (as defined below) at a price per
             share lower than the Per Share Price, the Conversion Price
             for the Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted to
             reflect the lower price per share as if the Series A Holder
             had made its investment based on such lower price; (ii) upon
             any Recapitalization Event (as defined in Section 4(1));
             (iii) upon any increase of the Corporation's issued share
             capital without receipt of consideration by the Corporation
             (other than under a stock option plan covering employees and
             consultants of the Corporation and its subsidiaries (an
             "Employee Plan")); and (iv) in the event that the
             Corporation makes any distributions, whether in cash or in
             securities or other assets, to any stockholder(s) or any
             affiliates of any stockholders other than Series A Holders
             (each of the foregoing, an "Adjustment Event"). For purposes
             of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
             the term "New Securities" shall mean any securities having
             voting rights in the election of the Board of Directors of
             the Corporation not contingent upon default, or any
             securities evidencing an ownership interest in the Corporation,


                                       6
<PAGE>


             or any securities convertible into or exercisable for any shares
             of the foregoing, or any agreement or commitment to issue any of
             the foregoing, but shall not include: (1) shares issued upon
             conversion of shares of any series of Preferred Stock; (2) options
             and shares issued under the terms of an Employee Plan; and (3) any
             shares of Class B Common Stock or any securities convertible into
             or exercisable for shares of Class B Common Stock.

                  (2) Additional Adjustment Provisions.

                      (A) No adjustments of a Conversion Price shall be
                  made in an amount less than one cent ($0.01) per share. No
                  adjustment of a Conversion Price shall be made if it has the
                  effect of increasing the Conversion Price beyond the
                  applicable Conversion Price in effect for such series of
                  Preferred Stock immediately prior to such adjustment.

                      (B) The consideration for the issuance of New
                  Securities shall be deemed to be the fair market value thereof
                  as determined by the Board of Directors.

                      (C) In the case of the issuance of options to
                  purchase or rights to subscribe for Class A Common Stock, or
                  securities by their terms convertible into or exchangeable for
                  Class A Common Stock, or options to purchase or rights to
                  subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable securities, the
                  aggregate maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock
                  deliverable upon exercise (assuming the satisfaction of any
                  conditions to exercise, including without limitation, the
                  passage of time, but without taking into account potential
                  anti-dilution adjustments) of such options to purchase or
                  rights to subscribe for shares of Class A Common Stock, or
                  upon the exchange or conversion of such security, shall be


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  deemed to have been issued at the time of the issuance of
                  such options, rights or securities, at a consideration equal
                  to the consideration (determined in the manner provided in
                  Section 3(d)(2)(B)), received by the Corporation upon the
                  issuance of such options, rights or securities plus any
                  additional consideration payable to the Corporation pursuant
                  to the term of such options, rights or securities for the
                  shares of Class A Common Stock covered thereby.
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of a
                  Conversion Event Date, any options as to which an adjustment
                  to the Conversion Price has been made in accordance with
                  this Section 3(d)(2)(C) expire without having been
                  exercised, then the Conversion Price shall be readjusted at
                  the time of the Conversion Event Date, as if such option had
                  not been issued (without any effect, however, on adjustments
                  to the Conversion Price as a result of other events
                  described in this Article IV).

                      (3) Subdivisions; Splits; Combinations. If the
                  Corporation subdivides, splits or combines its Class A
                  Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock, the Conversion
                  Price shall be proportionately reduced, in case of
                  subdivision or split of shares, as at the effective date of
                  such subdivision or split, or if the Corporation fixes a
                  record date for the purpose of so splitting or subdividing,
                  as at such record date, whichever is earlier, or shall be
                  proportionately increased, in the case of combination of
                  shares, as the effective date of such combination, or, if
                  the Corporation fixes a record date for the purpose of so
                  combining, as at such record date, whichever is earlier.

                      (4) Increase of Issued and Outstanding Share Capital.
                  If the Corporation increases its issued and outstanding share
                  capital without receipt of consideration (other than an


                                       8
<PAGE>


                  issuance of shares pursuant to an Employee Plan), the
                  Conversion Price shall be reduced proportionately.

                      (5) Dividends. If the Corporation at any time pays a
                  dividend with respect to any of its shares other than the
                  Series A Preferred Stock, payable in additional shares of
                  Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or other
                  securities or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder
                  thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares
                  of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, without any
                  comparable payment or distribution respecting the Series A
                  Preferred Stock (the "Common Stock Equivalents"), then the
                  Conversion Price shall be adjusted as at the date the
                  Corporation fixes as a record date for the purpose of paying
                  such dividend (or if no such record date is fixed, as at the
                  date of such payment) to that price determined by multiplying
                  the applicable Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
                  such record date (or if no record date is fixed then
                  immediately prior to such payment) by a fraction (a) the
                  numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of
                  Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding
                  plus those issuable with respect to Class A or Class B Common
                  Stock Equivalents prior to the payment of such dividend, and
                  (b) the denominator of which shall be the total number of
                  shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then
                  outstanding plus those issuable with respect to Class A or
                  Class B Common Stock Equivalents immediately after the payment
                  of such dividend (plus, in the event that the Corporation paid
                  cash for fractional shares, the number of additional shares


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  which would have been outstanding had the Corporation issued
                  fractional shares in connection with such dividend).

             (e) Consideration other than Cash. In the case of issuance of
Series A Preferred Stock or other securities for a consideration in whole or
in part other than cash, the price per share for such issuance shall be deemed
to be the fair market value thereof as determined by the Board of Directors.

             (f) Mechanics of Conversion. Before any Series A Holder shall be
entitled (in the case of an Optional Conversion) to convert shares of Series A
Preferred Stock into Class A Common Stock, he/it shall surrender the certificate
or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at the office of the Corporation, and
shall give written notice by mail, postage prepaid, to the Corporation at its
principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same and shall state
therein the name or names of any nominee for such holder in which the
certificate or certificates for Class A Common Stock are to be issued. Such
conversion (in the case of an Optional Conversion) shall be deemed to have been
made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of
the certificate representing the Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, and
the person or persons entitled to receive the Class A Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
holders of such Class A Common Stock as of such date. If the conversion is in
connection with a Qualified IPO, then the conversion shall be deemed to have
taken place automatically regardless of whether the certificates representing
such shares have been tendered to the Corporation, but from and after such
conversion any such certificates not tendered to the Corporation shall be deemed
to evidence solely the Class A Common Stock received upon such conversion and


                                       10
<PAGE>


the right to receive a certificate for such Class A Common Stock. If the
conversion is in connection with a Qualified IPO, the conversion may, at the
option of any holder tendering shares of Series A Preferred Stock for
conversion, be conditioned upon the closing with the underwriter of the sale of
securities pursuant to such offering, in which event the person(s) entitled to
receive the Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall not be deemed to have converted such Series A Preferred
Stock until immediately prior to the closing of such offer of securities. The
Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the conversion and tender of
certificates for Series A Preferred Stock thus converted, issue and deliver at
such office to such Series A Holder or to the nominee or nominees of such Series
A Holder or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such
holder shall be entitled as aforesaid.

             (g) Other Distributions. In the event the Corporation declares a
distribution payable in securities of other persons, evidences of indebtedness
issued by the Corporation or other persons, assets (excluding cash dividends) or
options or rights not referred to in Article IV Section 3(d)(5), then, in each
such case, the Series A Holders shall be entitled to receive such distribution
in respect of their holdings on an as-converted basis as of the record date for
such distribution.

             (h) Recapitalization of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common
Stock. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization of
the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (other than a split,
combination or merger or sale of assets transaction provided for elsewhere in
this Article IV), provision shall be made so that the Series A Holders shall
thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series A Preferred


                                       11
<PAGE>


Stock the number of shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities or
property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of shares of Class
A Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock would
have been entitled immediately prior to such recapitalization. In any such case,
appropriate adjustments shall be made in the application of the provisions of
this Article IV with respect to the rights of the Series A Holders after the
recapitalization so that the provisions of this Article IV (including
adjustments of the Conversion Price then in effect and the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) shall be applicable
after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

             (i) No Avoidance. The Corporation will not, by amendment of these
Articles or through any reorganization, recapitalization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed hereunder in this Article IV by the
Corporation, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of
all the provisions of this Article IV and in taking of all such action as may be
necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Series
A Holders against impairment.

             (j) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, and the number of shares of Class A
Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.

             (k) Certificate of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Article IV,
the Corporation promptly shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to each Series A


                                       12
<PAGE>


Holder a certificate setting forth each adjustment or readjustment and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.

             (l) Notification of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the
Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the
purpose of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any
dividend (including a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to
subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of any class or any
other securities or property, or to receive any other right, the Corporation
shall mail to each Series A Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date
specified therein, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to
be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution or right.

             (m) Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times
reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Class A Common
Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock (as adjusted to the extent Article IV hereof may be applicable),
such number of shares of its Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be
sufficient to effect such conversion of all outstanding Series A Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms of this Article IV; and if at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding Series A Preferred
Stock in accordance with the terms of this Article IV, the Corporation will take
such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock to such number of
shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes.

         4. Liquidation Preference.



                                       13
<PAGE>


         A "Liquidation Event" shall mean any of the following events: (i) a
dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary; (ii) a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under any bankruptcy or
insolvency or similar law, whether voluntary or involuntary, which is properly
commenced by or against the Corporation; and (iii) an appointment of a receiver
or liquidator of all or a substantial part of the Corporation's assets. At the
option of the holder of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock,
any of the events described in subsections (iv) through (vii) may be treated as
a Liquidation Event: (iv) sale of all or of a substantial part of the assets of
the Corporation; (v) merger of the Corporation with another entity in which
event the Corporation is not the surviving entity and the shareholders of the
Corporation do not own a majority of the shares of the surviving entity; (vi)
acquisition or consolidation of the Corporation, or a similar corporate
reorganization; or (vii) sale of 50% or more of the shares of the Corporation,
in one transaction or in a series of related transactions. Upon a Liquidation
Event, any assets (or securities) of the Corporation available for distribution
(and in the case of certain reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, the
securities received by the Corporation in such reorganization, merger or
consolidation) shall be distributed pursuant to the following order of
preference:

             (1) The Series A Holders shall be entitled to receive, prior to
and in preference over any of the holders of any other classes of shares of the
Corporation, an amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the full
Per Share Price (adjusted for any additional issuances, share combination or
subdivision, stock splits, bonus shares or any other recapitalization of the
Corporation's shares (a "Recapitalization Event")), plus interest at the rate of
seven percent (7%) per annum, compounded annually, from the date of the filing
of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to the date of
distribution as described above (the "Series A Liquidation Amount"). If the


                                       14
<PAGE>


assets (or securities) thus distributed among the Series A Holders shall be
insufficient to permit the payment to all the Series A Holders of the full
Series A Liquidation Amount, then the entire assets (or securities) available
for distribution shall be distributed pro-rata among the Series A Holders in
proportion to their respective holdings in the Corporation on an as converted
basis.

             (2) After payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Amount the
remaining assets (or securities) of the Corporation then available for
distribution shall be distributed pro-rata among the Series A Holders and the
holders of the other classes of shares of the Corporation, in proportion to
their respective holdings of shares in the Corporation on an as-converted basis.

         5. Anti-Dilution. Until the consummation of a Qualified IPO, if the
Company issues New Securities (as "Additional Issuance") at a price per share
lower than the Per Share Price (adjusted for a Recapitalization Event), then the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be reduced as described
in Article IV Section 3(d)(i) so that upon the conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock, each Series A Holder shall be entitled to receive, for no
additional consideration, additional shares of Class A Common Stock as if the
Series A Holders had made their investments based on the lower price (full
ratchet adjustment) all as set forth in Article IV.

         (C) Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common
Stock shall have the same rights and privileges set forth below except as to
voting.

         1. Dividend Rights. Subject always to the prior rights of holders of
all other classes of stock at the time outstanding having prior rights as to
dividends, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets of the Corporation legally


                                       15
<PAGE>


available therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the
Board of Directors.

         2. Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed as
provided in Article IV Section 4.

         3. Voting Rights. The Class A Common Stock shall be voting stock. Each
share of Class A Common Stock shall have one vote, and the holder of Class A
Common Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders' meeting in
accordance with the By-Laws of the Corporation, and shall be entitled to vote
upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by law. The holders of
Class B Common Stock shall not be entitled to any vote on any matter on which
the stockholders of the Corporation may vote, except as provided or required by
law.

                                    ARTICLE V
                                    ---------

         The Corporation reserves the right to adopt, repeal, rescind, amend or
restate in any respect any provisions contained in these Articles in the manner
now or hereafter prescribed by applicable law and in accordance with the terms
of the Articles, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted
subject to this reservation.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------

         All corporate powers shall be exercised by the Board of Directors,
except as otherwise provided by statute or by this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, or any amendment thereof, or by the By-Laws.
Directors need not be elected by written ballot. The By-Laws may be adopted,
amended or repealed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, except as


                                       16
<PAGE>


otherwise provided by law, but any By-law made by the Board of Directors is
subject to amendment or repeal by the stockholders of the Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   ----------

         To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law, as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the
Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.
The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers, whether serving the
Corporation or at its request any other entity, to the full extent required or
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law now or hereafter in force,
including the advance of expenses under the procedures and to the full extent
permitted by law. The foregoing rights of indemnification shall not be exclusive
of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled. The
Board of Directors may take such action as is necessary to carry out these
indemnification provisions and is expressly empowered to adopt, approve and
amend from time to time such By-Laws, resolutions or contracts implementing such
provisions or such further indemnification arrangements as may be permitted by
law. No amendment of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or
repeal of any of its provisions shall limit or eliminate the right to
indemnification provided under this Article VII with respect to any acts or
omissions occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

         The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to
make, alter or repeal By-Laws of the Corporation, but the stockholders may make
additional By-Laws and may alter or repeal any By-Law whether adopted by them or
otherwise.


                                       17
<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE IX
                                   ----------

         The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.


                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
