<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>stkopt303.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2002 STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                   CULP, INC.
                             2002 STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                   ARTICLE I


                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     1.1 Purpose of the Plan.  This Plan is intended to promote the interests of
the Company by giving eligible  persons who provide  services to the Company the
opportunity  to acquire a  proprietary  interest,  or otherwise  increase  their
proprietary  interest,  in  the  Company  as  an  incentive  to  continue  their
employment  or  service.  Capitalized  terms  used in the  Plan  shall  have the
meanings given to them in Appendix A attached hereto.

     1.2 Administration of the Plan.

     (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Board;  provided,  however,  that
any or all administrative  functions  otherwise  exercisable by the Board may be
delegated to the Committee. Members of the Committee shall serve for such period
of time as the Board may  determine and shall be subject to removal by the Board
at any time.  The Board also may, at any time,  terminate  the  functions of the
Committee  and reassume  all powers and  authority  previously  delegated to the
Committee.  The Board or the Committee,  as the Plan  Administrator,  shall have
full power and  authority  (subject to the  provisions of the Plan) to establish
such  rules  and  regulations  as  it  may  deem   appropriate  for  the  proper
administration of the Plan and to make such determinations under, and issue such
interpretations  of, the Plan and any outstanding  Options  thereunder as it may
deem necessary or advisable.  Decisions of the Plan Administrator shall be final
and binding on all parties who have an interest in the Plan or any Option issued
hereunder.

     (b)  Subject to the terms of the Plan,  the Plan  Administrator  shall have
full power and authority to determine which eligible persons will receive Option
grants, the time or times when such grants will be made, the number of shares to
be  covered by each  grant,  the  status of each  Option as either an  Incentive
Option  or a  Non-Qualified  Option,  the  time or times  when  each  Option  is
exercisable,  the vesting schedule (if any) applicable to granted  Options,  the
maximum term for which an Option shall remain  outstanding,  and all other terms
and conditions of an Option granted under the Plan.

     1.3 Eligibility. Only Employees are eligible to receive grants of Incentive
Options. The persons eligible to receive grants of Non-Qualified Options are (a)
Employees,  (b) non-employee  members of the Board or the board of  directors of
any Parent or Subsidiary, and (c) consultants and other independent advisors who
provide services to the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary). Additionally, the
maximum  number  of  shares of Common  Stock  that may be  covered  by an Option
granted to any one  individual  shall be 50,000  shares  during any one calendar
year period.

     1.4 Stock Subject to the Plan.  The stock  issuable under the Plan shall be
shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock.  The maximum number of shares of
Common  Stock  that may be issued  under the Plan  shall not  exceed  1,000,0000
shares,  and all such shares  shall be available  for  issuance  pursuant to the
grant of  Incentive  Options.  Shares of Common  Stock  subject  to  outstanding
Options shall be available for subsequent  issuance under the Plan to the extent
any Options expire or terminate for any reason prior to their exercise in full.
<PAGE>

     1.5  Adjustments  in Common Stock.  Should any change be made to the Common
Stock  by  reason  of  any  stock  split,   stock  dividend,   recapitalization,
combination  of shares,  exchange of shares or other  similar  change,  the Plan
Administrator shall cause appropriate  adjustments to be made to (a) the maximum
number and/or class of  securities  issuable  under the Plan and (b) the  number
and/or class of securities and the exercise price per share in effect under each
outstanding  Option, in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of benefits
thereunder. The adjustments determined by the Plan Administrator shall be final,
binding and conclusive.

                                   ARTICLE II


                              OPTION GRANT PROGRAM

     2.1 Grant of Options  Generally.  Each Option granted under this Plan shall
have such terms and conditions as approved by the Plan Administrator. Subject to
the  provisions  of this Plan,  each Option  shall be  evidenced  by one or more
documents in the form approved by the Plan Administrator,  and no grant shall be
effective unless and until both the Company and the person to whom the Option is
being  granted  shall have  executed  such  documents  as  required  by the Plan
Administrator.

     2.2 Exercise  Price.  The exercise  price per share of each Option shall be
fixed by the Plan  Administrator  and,  subject to the terms and  conditions set
forth herein, may be equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock on the Option grant date.

     2.3 Vesting,  Exercise  and Term of Options.  Each Option shall vest and be
exercisable  at such  time or times  and for such  number  of shares as shall be
determined by the Plan  Administrator and set forth in the documents  evidencing
the Option grant.  No Option,  however,  shall have a term in excess of ten (10)
years from the Option grant date.

     2.4 Exercise Procedures.

     (a) Subject to Section 2.7, an Option may be exercised only by the Optionee
to whom such Option was granted under the Plan.  An Option shall be  exercisable
at such time or times as set forth herein and in the  documents  evidencing  the
grant of the Option.  Notwithstanding  anything in the Plan to the contrary, the
Plan  Administrator,  in its sole  discretion,  may at any time and from time to
time  accelerate  the date for  exercising  all or any part of an Option.  In no
event,  however,  may an Option be exercised  after the  expiration of its fixed
term.

     (b) Each Option  granted under the Plan shall be deemed  exercised when the
holder thereof (i) shall  indicate the decision to do so in writing delivered to
the Company,  (ii) shall at the same time tender to the Company  payment in full
of the  exercise  price for the  shares  for which the  Option is  exercised  in
accordance with Section 2.4(c),  (iii) shall tender to the Company in accordance
with the Plan  Administrator's  instructions  payment in full of all federal and
state withholding or other employment taxes applicable to the taxable income, if
any, of the holder  resulting from such  exercise,  (iv) shall execute an option
exercise agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Plan Administrator,
and (v) shall comply with such other  requirements as the Plan Administrator may
establish.

     (c) In connection  with the exercise of any Option,  the Optionee shall pay
the exercise price to the Company in cash, by check,  or in such other manner as
permitted by the Plan  Administrator,  which may include the surrender of shares
of  Common  Stock  or  other   unexercised   Options   held  by  the   Optionee.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  should the Common  Stock be  registered  under
Section  12 of the  Exchange  Act at the time an Option is  exercised,  then the
exercise price may also be paid as follows:
<PAGE>

          (i) in shares of Common Stock held for the requisite  period necessary
     to  avoid a  charge  to the  Company s  earnings  for  financial  reporting
     purposes and valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date, or

          (ii) through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which
     the Optionee shall concurrently  provide irrevocable  instructions (A) to a
     Company-designated  brokerage  firm to  effect  the  immediate  sale of the
     purchased  shares  and  remit  to the  Company,  out of the  sale  proceeds
     available on the settlement  date,  sufficient funds to cover the aggregate
     exercise  price payable for the purchased  shares and (B) to the Company to
     deliver  the  certificates  for  the  purchased  shares  directly  to  such
     brokerage firm in order to complete the sale.

     (d) An Option granted under the Plan may be exercised for any lesser number
of shares than the full amount for which it could be  exercised.  Such a partial
exercise  shall not affect the right to  exercise  the Option for the  remaining
shares  from  time  to  time in  accordance  with  the  Plan  and the  documents
evidencing the grant of the Option.

     2.5 Effect of Termination of Service. The following provisions shall govern
the  exercise  of Options  held by an  Optionee  at the time of such  Optionee's
cessation of Service or death:

     (a) should the  Optionee  cease to remain in Service  for any reason  other
than death,  Permanent Disability or Misconduct,  then the Optionee shall have a
period of three (3) months  following  the date of  cessation of Service or such
longer period determined by the Plan Administrator,  in its sole discretion,  to
exercise each outstanding Option held by such Optionee;

     (b)  should  the  Optionee's  Service  terminate  by  reason  of  Permanent
Disability,  then  the  Optionee  shall  have a period  of  twelve  (12)  months
following the date of cessation of Service or such longer  period  determined by
the Plan  Administrator,  in its sole  discretion,  to exercise each outstanding
Option held by such Optionee;

     (c) if the Optionee  dies while  holding an  outstanding  Option,  then the
personal  representative  of his or her  estate or the Person or Persons to whom
the  Option  is  transferred  pursuant  to the  Optionee's  will or the  laws of
inheritance  shall have twelve (12) months  following  the date of  cessation of
Service or such longer period determined by the Plan Administrator,  in its sole
discretion, to exercise each outstanding Option held by the Optionee;

     (d) should the Optionee's  Service be terminated for  Misconduct,  then all
outstanding  Options held by the Optionee shall terminate  immediately and cease
to remain outstanding, regardless of whether any Options have vested; and

     (e) during the applicable  post-Service  exercise period,  an Option may be
exercised  only if it has  vested and for no more than the  aggregate  number of
shares for which the vested Option is  exercisable on the date of the Optionee's
cessation  of  Service.  The  Option  shall,  immediately  upon  the  Optionee's
cessation of Service,  terminate and cease to be outstanding with respect to any
and all Option shares for which the Option is not otherwise  exercisable at that
time. Upon the expiration of the applicable exercise period or (if earlier) upon
the  expiration of the Option term,  the Option shall  terminate and cease to be
outstanding.

     2.6 Stockholder  Rights.  The holder of an Option shall have no stockholder
rights with respect to the shares  subject to the Option until such Person shall
have  exercised the Option in accordance  with Section 2.4 and become the record
holder of the purchased shares.  Each Person who validly exercises an Option and
is issued  shares of Common Stock by the Company  shall be subject to all of the
terms  and  conditions  set forth in the  applicable  purchase  agreement  to be
executed by such person upon exercise.
<PAGE>

     2.7 Transferability of Options.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.7(b),  Options may be transferred only
by will or the laws of inheritance upon the death of an Optionee.  Otherwise, no
Option may be assigned, pledged, hypothecated or transferred in any manner. Upon
any attempt to assign,  pledge,  hypothecate or transfer an Option,  such Option
shall immediately be cancelled and terminated.

     (b)  The  Plan  Administrator,  may,  in  its  sole  discretion,  permit  a
Non-Qualified  Option to be assigned  in whole or in part during the  Optionee's
lifetime  as a gift to (i)  one or  more  members  of the  Optionee's  immediate
family, (ii) a trust in which Optionee and/or one or more of such family members
hold more than  fifty  percent  (50%) of the  beneficial  interest,  or (iii) an
entity in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting  interests are owned
by the Optionee and/or one or more of such family members.  The terms applicable
to the  assigned  Non-Qualified  Option shall be the same as those in effect for
such Option immediately prior to the assignment,  as more fully set forth herein
and in the documents evidencing the grant of the Option.

     2.8 Incentive Options.  All Incentive Options shall be subject to the terms
set forth in this Section 2.8. Options that are not  specifically  designated as
Incentive Options in the documentation  evidencing the grant of such Options, or
that are specifically  designated as Non-Qualified Options, shall not be subject
to the terms of this Section 2.8.

     (a) Eligibility. Incentive Options may be granted only to Employees.

     (b) Exercise  Price.  An  Incentive  Option's  exercise  price per share of
Common  Stock  shall not be less  than one  hundred  percent  (100%) of the Fair
Market Value per share of Common Stock on the date such Option is granted.

     (c) Dollar  Limitation.  The  aggregate  Fair Market Value of the shares of
Common Stock  (determined as of the respective date or dates of grant) for which
one or more  Incentive  Options  granted to any Employee  under the Plan (or any
other option plan of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary)  may for the first
time  become  exercisable  during  any one  calendar  year  shall not exceed One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000). To the extent an Employee holds two or more
Incentive  Options  which  become  exercisable  for the  first  time in the same
calendar year, the foregoing  limitation on the exercisability of such Incentive
Options  shall be applied on the basis of the order in which  such  Options  are
granted.

     (d) Ten Percent  (10%)  Stockholder.  If an  Employee to whom an  Incentive
Option  is  granted  is a Ten  Percent  (10%)  Stockholder,  then the  Incentive
Option's  exercise  price per share of Common  Stock  shall not be less than one
hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on
the Option grant date,  and the  Incentive  Option's  term shall not exceed five
years from the date of grant.

     2.9 Change of Control Transactions.

     (a) The  Plan  Administrator  may,  in its sole  and  absolute  discretion,
determine  that any  outstanding  Option shall become  fully  exercisable  on an
accelerated basis immediately prior to a Change of Control,  notwithstanding the
fact that any portion of such Option shall not have vested.

     (b)  Unless  otherwise  determined  by the  Plan  Administrator,  (i)  upon
consummation  of a Change of Control in which the  Company is not the  surviving
entity, all outstanding  Options,  to the extent not exercised,  shall terminate
and cease to be  outstanding,  except to the  extent  assumed  by the  successor
corporation  (or  parent  thereof),  and (ii) upon  consummation  of a Change of
Control in which the Company is the surviving entity,  all outstanding  Options,
to the extent not exercised,  shall remain  outstanding in full force and effect
on the same terms and conditions.

     (c) The Plan Administrator shall have the discretion at any time to provide
for the immediate termination of any consent, repurchase or first refusal
rights of the Company with respect to the shares subject to those Options
upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, whether or not the Options are to
be assumed by any successor corporation (or parent thereof).

     (d) In the event that any Option shall survive and remain outstanding after
a Change of Control, the Plan Administrator shall have full power and
authority at any time to structure or amend an Option so that it will
automatically vest on an accelerated basis should the Optionee's Service
terminate by reason of an Involuntary Termination within a designated period
following the effective date of the Change of Control.

     (e) The portion of any Incentive  Option  accelerated in connection  with a
Change of Control shall remain  exercisable  as an Incentive  Option only to the
extent the applicable One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)  limitation is not
exceeded.  To the extent such dollar  limitation  is exceeded,  the  accelerated
portion of an Option shall be exercisable as a Non-Qualified Option and shall be
treated as such under the federal tax laws.

     (f) The grant of Options under the Plan shall in no way affect the right of
the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or
business structure or to merge, enter into a share exchange, dissolve, liquidate
or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets.

                                  ARTICLE III


                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     3.1 Compliance with Securities Laws. The Plan Administrator shall take such
action as may be necessary to cause the  administration of this Plan,  including
the grant of Options and the issuance of shares of Common Stock  pursuant to the
exercise thereof, to be made in compliance with all federal and state securities
laws.

     3.2 Effective Date and Term.

     (a) The Plan shall  become  effective  when  adopted  by the Board,  but no
Option  granted under the Plan may be  exercised,  and no shares shall be issued
pursuant  to the  exercise  of any  Options,  until the Plan is  approved by the
Company's  stockholders.  Additionally,  no Incentive  Option shall be deemed to
have been  granted  unless  and until  this Plan is  approved  by the  Company's
stockholders.  If such  stockholder  approval is not obtained within twelve (12)
months  after the date of the  Board's  adoption  of the Plan,  then all Options
previously  granted under the Plan shall  terminate and cease to be outstanding,
and no further  Options shall be granted and no shares shall be issued  pursuant
to the exercise of any Options.

     (b) No further  Options  may be granted  under the Plan upon the earlier of
(a) the expiration of the ten (10)-year period from the date the Plan is adopted
by the Board,  (b) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the
Plan shall have been issued or (c) the termination of all outstanding Options in
connection  with an Change of Control in which the Company is not the  surviving
entity or  otherwise.  All Options  outstanding  upon the  expiration of the ten
(10)-year  period  referenced in subclause (a) above shall continue to have full
force and effect in accordance  with the provisions of the documents  evidencing
the grant of such Options.

     3.3  Amendment of the Plan.  The Board shall have  complete  and  exclusive
power and authority to amend or modify the Plan in any or all respects. However,
no such  amendment  or  modification  shall  adversely  affect  any  rights  and
obligations  in respect of any  outstanding  Options  unless the holder  thereof
consents to such amendment or modification.  In addition, certain amendments may
require stockholder approval pursuant to applicable laws or regulations.

     3.4 Governing  Law. This Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of North Carolina.

     3.5 Severability.  If any provision of this Plan or the application thereof
to any person or circumstance  shall be invalid or  unenforceable to any extent,
the  remainder  of this  Plan and the  application  of such  provision  to other
persons or circumstances  shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced to
the greatest extent permitted by law.

     3.6  Section  Titles.  The  headings  herein  are  inserted  as a matter of
convenience only and do not define,  limit or describe the scope of this Plan or
the intent of the provisions hereof.

     3.7 No Employment or Service Rights.  Nothing in the Plan shall confer upon
any  Optionee  the right to  continue  in  Service  for any  period of  specific
duration or interfere  with or  otherwise  restrict in any way the rights of the
Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary  employing or retaining  such person) or of
the Optionee,  which rights are hereby expressly  reserved by each, to terminate
such person's Service at any time for any reason, with or without cause.

     3.8  Notices.  Any notice  required to be given or delivered to the Company
under the Plan shall be in writing  addressed  to the  Company at its  principal
corporate  offices.  Any notice  required to be given to an Optionee shall be in
writing and addressed to the address indicated on the option agreement  executed
by the Optionee in connection with an Option grant.  All notices shall be deemed
effective  upon  personal  delivery or upon  deposit in the U.S.  mail,  postage
prepaid and properly addressed to the party to be notified.

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A

                                  Defined Terms

      The following terms shall have the following meanings under the Plan:

      "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

      "Committee" means the Company's compensation committee or a committee
of one or more Board members appointed by the Board to exercise one or more
administrative functions under the Plan.

      "Common Stock" means the common stock, $0.05 par value, of the Company.

      "Company" means Culp, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, and any
successor corporation to all or substantially all the assets or voting stock
of Culp, Inc. that shall by appropriate action adopt the Plan.

      A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred on:

            (a)   the date on which any "person" or "group" (as such terms
      are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than
      the Company or any entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the
      stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as
      their ownership of Common Stock, becomes the beneficial owner (as
      defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of shares
      representing more than 40% of the combined voting power of the
      then-outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election
      of directors of the Company; or

            (b)   the date on which (i) the Company merges with any other
      entity, (ii) the Company enters into a statutory share exchange with
      another entity, or (iii) the Company conveys, transfers or leases all
      or substantially all of its assets to any person; provided, however,
      that in the case of subclauses (i) and (ii), a Change of Control shall
      not be deemed to have occurred if the stockholders of the Company
      immediately before such transaction own, directly or indirectly
      immediately following such transaction, more than 60% of the combined
      voting power of the outstanding securities of the corporation resulting
      from such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their
      ownership of securities immediately before such transaction.

      "Employee" means an individual who is in the employ of the Company (or
any Parent or Subsidiary), subject to the control and direction of the
employer entity as to both the work to be performed and the manner and method
of performance.

      "Exercise Date" means the date on which the Company shall have received
written notice of the exercise of an Option.

      "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      "Fair Market Value" per share of Common Stock on any relevant date
shall be the average closing selling price per share of Common Stock for the
ten (10) business days preceding the date in question on the Stock Exchange
determined by the Plan Administrator to be the primary market for the Common
Stock, as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of
transactions on such exchange.
<PAGE>

      "Incentive Option" means an Option that satisfies the requirements of
Section 422 of the Code.

      "Involuntary Termination" means the termination of the Service of any
individual by reason of:

            (i)    such individual's involuntary dismissal or discharge by
      the Company (or any successor corporation or any Parent or Subsidiary,
      as applicable) for reasons other than Misconduct, or

            (ii)   such individual's voluntary resignation following (A) a
      change in his or her position with the Company (or any successor
      corporation or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable) which
      materially reduces his or her duties and responsibilities or the level
      of management to which he or she reports, (B) a reduction in his or her
      level of compensation (including base salary, fringe benefits and
      target bonuses under any corporate-performance based bonus or incentive
      programs) by more than fifteen percent (15%) or (C) a relocation of
      such individual's place of employment by more than fifty (50) miles,
      provided and only if such change, reduction or relocation is effected
      without the individual's consent; provided, however, that at the time
      of such resignation, the Company (or any successor corporation or any
      Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable) would not have reason to terminate
      such individual's employment for Misconduct.

      "Misconduct" means (i) the commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement
or dishonesty by a person against the Company (or any successor corporation
or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable), (ii) any unauthorized use or
disclosure by such person of confidential information or trade secrets of the
Company (or any successor corporation or any Parent or Subsidiary, as
applicable), (iii) intoxication with alcohol or drugs while conducting
employer business during regular business hours, (iv) a conviction of, or a
plea of guilty or nolo contendre by, such person for a criminal felony
conviction, (v) the continued failure or inability of such person to fulfill
the essential functions of his or her employment, or (vi) any other
misconduct by such person that causes or would reasonably be expected to
cause material harm to the business of the Company (or any successor
corporation or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable), as reasonably
determined in good faith by the Board.

      "Non-Qualified Option" means an Option that does not satisfy the
requirements of Section 422 of the Code.

      "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or Non-Qualified Option
granted under the Plan.

      "Optionee" means any person to whom an Option is granted under the Plan.

      "Parent" means any corporation or limited liability company (other than
the Company) in an unbroken chain of entities ending with the Company,
provided each entity in the unbroken chain (other than the Company) owns, at
the time of the determination, stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more
of the total combined voting power of all equity interests in one of the
other entities in such chain.

      "Permanent Disability" means the inability of a person to perform the
essential functions of the person's duties as an Employee by reason of any
medically determinable physical or mental impairment that is expected to
result in such person's death or has lasted or can be expected to last for a
period of six (6) consecutive months or more, as reasonably determined by the
Board.

      "Plan" means the Culp, Inc. 2002 Stock Option Plan, as set forth herein.

      "Plan Administrator" means either the Board or the Committee acting in
its capacity as administrator of the Plan.

      "Service" means the provision of services to the Company (or any Parent
or Subsidiary) by a person in the capacity of an Employee, a non-employee
member of the board of directors or a consultant or independent advisor,
except to the extent otherwise specifically provided in the documents
evidencing the Option grant or stock issuance.

      "Stock Exchange" means either the American Stock Exchange or the New
York Stock Exchange.

      "Subsidiary" means any corporation or limited liability company with
respect to which the company owns, directly or indirectly, stock or other
equity interests possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined
voting power of all classes of equity.

      "Ten Percent (10%) Stockholder" means the owner of stock (as determined
under Section 424(d) of the Code) possessing more than ten percent (10%) of
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company (or
any Parent or Subsidiary).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
