<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>telecom_8kex2-1.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


Exhibit 2.1

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT


This Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") dated this 20th day of January
2003, among Telecommunication Products, Inc. a Colorado corporation and publicly
traded company located at 9171 Wilshire Blvd, Suite B, Beverley Hills, CA. 90210
("Buyer") and Omega Funding, Inc, a privately held corporation located 23402
Savona Ct, Boca Raton FL 33433 ("Seller") hereafter collectively referred to as
the "Parties".

                                    RECITALS

Buyer is a SEC reporting company, publicly traded under the symbol TCPD
organized in Colorado, and engaged in the business of videoconferencing,
developing and providing video on demand systems and otherwise exploting the
internet and communication based data systems.

Seller is a privately held corporation, wholly owned by Nina L Cannon, which
owns certain assets free and clear of any encumbrances which it desires to sell
to the buyer.

                                   WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase from Seller and Seller desires to sell to
Buyer, on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, certain
assets of Seller:

THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1. TRANSFER OF ASSETS

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller agrees
to sell, convey, transfer, assign and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to
purchase from Seller at the Closing described in Article 3 hereof, the property
described below and collectively referred to in this Agreement as all of the
assets and properties of Seller held by Seller in the eighty thousand square
foot warehouse located at 3436 Lebanon Pike, Hermitage, TN including
miscellaneous parts and hardware as well as those assets listed in Exhibit A
attached hereto, collectively referred to in this Agreement as the "Assets."

1.1      LISTED PROPERTY. All of the property and assets of Seller described in
         Exhibit A attached hereto.


<PAGE>

1.2      MISCELLANEOUS PROPERTY. All of the assets and properties of Seller held
         by Seller in the eighty thousand square foot warehouse located at 3436
         Lebanon Pike, Hermitage, TN, including miscellaneous parts and
         hardware.

1.3      DELIVERY. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the equipment
         as set forth in Schedule 1.2, or appropriate documents transferring the
         ownership of the Equipment, free of any claim or encumbrance. Good and
         marketable title to all such equipment shall be transferred on
         delivery, free and clear of any encumbrances.

ARTICLE 2. PURCHASE PRICE

2.1      PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. In consideration for the transfer and
         assignment by Seller of the Assets, and in consideration of the
         representations, warranties and covenants of the Seller set forth
         herein, Buyer on the conditions set forth herein and subject to the
         provisions in Article 9 state that:

(a)      The Buyer shall pay to the Seller the sum of Five Thousand ($5,000) US
         Dollars upon execution of this agreement.

(b)      The Buyer shall pay to the Seller the sum of Forty Five Thousand
         ($45,000) US Dollars on or before February 28, 2003.

(c)      The Buyer shall pay to the Seller the sum of Fifty Thousand ($50,000)
         US Dollars on or before March 25, 2003.

(d)      Buyer shall have issued 1,900,000 shares of Telecommunication Products,
         Inc ("TCPD") restricted common stock (hereinafter referred to as the
         "Shares") to the Seller within fifteen (15) business days after the
         execution of this agreement.

(e)      If, one (1) year from the date of closing, TCPD's common shares are
         selling in the open market at less than one ($1.00) US dollar per
         common share, Buyer shall issue to Seller sufficient additional shares
         of Buyer's common stock to reach a total value of one million nine
         hundred thousand ($1,900,000) US dollars in TCPD's common shares.

(f)      All of the common shares issued to Seller under this agreement shall be
         subject to SEC Rule 144 restrictions. In addition, the Sellers agree
         not to liquidate in the open market more than five thousand (5,000)
         shares of TCPD's common stock in any one day, or more than fifteen
         thousand (15,000) shares of TCPD's common stock in any one calendar
         week without Buyer's written approval.

(g)      Buyer agrees to assume the lease on the warehouse located at 3436
         Lebanon Pike, Hermitage, TN and render all warehouse lease payments
         thereunder, contingent upon agreement in writing by the landlord (who
         is the Oak Valley Partnership) of the warehouse, to waive all lease
         monthly payments through June 30, 2003. Rent beginning July 1, 2003
         through December 31, 2003 will be at the rate of five thousand ($5,000)
         dollars per month.


                                       4
<PAGE>

(h)      Buyer agrees to pay the full rent payable to the Warehouse landlord for
         calendar year 2004 pursuant to the lease therefore, which will continue
         at the rate of five thousand ($5,000) US dollars per month. If however,
         the then current market trading price of TCPD's common stock is no less
         than $1.50 on Jan 2, 2004, the payments of rent for all of calendar
         year 2004 will be waived.

2.2      PAYMENT IN IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE FUNDS. The Purchase Price set forth in
         Section 2.1 shall be paid in immediately available funds, either by
         cashier's check or by wire transfer, on terms and conditions
         satisfactory to the recipient thereof, or in the form of stock, as the
         case may be.

2.3      SALES AND TRANSFER TAXES. Seller shall be responsible for the payment
         of any sales or transfer taxes associated with the transfer of the
         Acquired Assets to Buyer.


ARTICLE 3. THE CLOSING

The closing of the purchase and sale of the Assets by Seller to Buyer (the
"Closing") shall take place at the offices of Buyer, located at 9171 Wilshire
Blvd, Suite B, Beverley Hills, CA 90120 on or before 10;00 AM local time, on
December 31, 2002, or at such other place and/or time as the parties may agree
in writing (the "Closing Date"). In the event that the conditions specified in
this Agreement have not been fulfilled by such date, Buyer may extend the
Closing Date for a period or periods not exceeding an aggregate of 30 days by
giving written notice to the Seller.

Buyer shall perform its due diligence inspection of Sellers; equipment,
properties, contracts and all other items reasonably necessary to complete the
inspection on or before the Closing Date of closing set forth above.

3.1      SELLERS OBLIGATIONS AT THE CLOSING. At the Closing, Sellers shall
         deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer:

         (a)      instruments of assignment and transfer of all of the Assets of
                  Seller to be transferred hereunder, in form and substance
                  satisfactory to Buyer's counsel;

         (b)      instruments of assignment and transfer of all contracts being
                  transferred by seller to buyer as outlined in Exhibit A.

         (c)      The certificate of the President or Secretary of the seller
                  confirming that proper minutes and resolutions of the seller's
                  Board of Directors and shareholders have been secured prior to
                  the Closing whereby the Assets have been approved.


                                       5
<PAGE>

Simultaneously with the consummation of the transfer, Seller, through its
officers, agents, and employees, shall put Buyer into full possession and
enjoyment of all the Assets to be conveyed and transferred by this Agreement.
Seller, at any time before or after the closing Date, shall execute,
acknowledge, and deliver any further assignments, conveyances and other
assurances, documents and instruments of transfer, reasonably requested by Buyer
and shall take any other action consistent with the terms of this Agreement that
may reasonably be requested by Buyer for the purpose of assigning, transferring,
granting, conveying and confirming to Buyer, or reducing to possession, any or
all property and assets to be conveyed and transferred by this Agreement. If
requested by Buyer, Seller further agree to prosecute or otherwise enforce in
their own names for the benefit of Buyer any claims, rights, or benefits that
are transferred to Buyer by this Agreement and that require prosecution or
enforcement in either of the Sellers name. Any prosecution or enforcement of
claims, rights, or benefits under this Section shall be solely at Buyer's
expense; unless Seller make the prosecution or enforcement necessary by breach
of this Agreement.

3.2      BUYER'S OBLIGATIONS AT CLOSING. Subject to the provision of Article 9,
         at the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following instruments
         and documents against delivery of the items specified in Section 3.1:

         a)       Buyer Stock Certificates issued in the name of Omega Funding,
                  Inc. for 1,900,000 shares of restricted common stock;

         b)       the certificate of the President or Secretary of the Buyer
                  confirming that proper minutes and resolutions of the Buyer's
                  Board of Directors have been secured prior to the Closing
                  whereby the purchase of the Assets has been approved.


ARTICLE 4. ASSUPTION OF LIABILITIES

Buyer is not assuming any debt, liability or obligation of Seller, except the
warehouse lease as outlined above in Article 2.

ARTICLE 5. EXCISE AND PROPERTY TAXES

Seller shall pay all sales, use and transfer taxes arising out of the transfer
of the Assets and shall pay its portion, prorated as of the Closing Date, of
state and local personal property taxes of the business. Buyer shall not be
responsible for any business, occupation, withholding or similar tax, or for any
taxes of any kind related to any period before the Closing Date.

ARTICLE 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Seller, hereby represent and warrant to Buyer that the following facts and
circumstances are, and except as contemplated hereby, at all times up to the
Closing Date will be true and correct, and hereby acknowledge that such facts
and circumstances constitute the basis upon which Buyer is induced to enter into
and perform this Agreement. Each warranty set forth in this Article 6 shall
survive the Closing and any investigation made by or on behalf of Buyer.

                                       6
<PAGE>

6.1      ORGANIZATION. Good Standing and Qualification. Sellers is a corporation
         duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
         of Florida, has all necessary powers to own its properties and to carry
         on its business as now owned and operated by it, and is duly qualified
         to transact interstate business and is in good standing in all
         jurisdictions in which the nature of its business or of its properties
         makes such qualification necessary.

6.2      Absence of Specified Changes Since December 1, 2002, there has not been
         any:

         (a)      material adverse change in the assets of Seller;

         (b)      destruction, damage to, or loss of any assets of Seller
                  (whether or not covered by insurance) that materially and
                  adversely affects the financial condition of Seller;

         (c)      change in accounting methods or practices (including, without
                  limitation, any change in depreciation or amortization
                  policies or rates) by Seller;

         (d)      revaluation by Seller of any of its assets;

         (e)      sale or transfer of any asset of Seller;

         (f)      mortgage, pledge or other encumbrance of any asset of Seller;

         (g)      other event or condition of any character that has or might
                  reasonably have a material and adverse effect on the financial
                  condition, assets or prospects of Seller; or

         (h)      agreement by Seller to do any of the things described in the
                  preceding clauses (a) through (g).

6.3      TAX RETURNS AND AUDITS. Within the times and in the manner prescribed
         by law regarding the Assets being purchased, Seller has filed all
         domestic and foreign, federal, state and local tax returns required by
         law and has paid all taxes, assessments and penalties due and payable.
         There are no present disputes as to taxes of any nature payable by
         Seller.

6.4      INVENTORIES. No items included in the Seller's inventories have been
         pledged as collateral or are held by the Seller on consignment from
         others.

6.5      OTHER TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY. The Equipment described in Exhibit A
         of this Agreement constitutes all the items of tangible personal
         property owned by, in the possession of, or used by Seller in
         connection with the assets sold pursuant to this Agreement.


                                       7
<PAGE>

6.6      TITLE TO ASSETS. Seller has good and marketable title to all of the
         Assets and interests in Assets, whether personal, tangible, and
         intangible, which constitute all the Assets and interests in assets
         that are used in the business of Seller to be sold pursuant to this
         Agreement. All the Assets are free and clear of mortgages, liens,
         pledges, charges, encumbrances, equities, claims, easements, rights of
         way, covenants, conditions, or restrictions, (i) the lien of current
         taxes not yet due and payable; and (ii) possible minor matters that, in
         the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and do not materially
         detract from or interfere with the present or intended use of any of
         the Assets, nor materially impair business operations. All tangible
         personal property of Seller is in good operating condition and repair,
         ordinary wear and tear excepted. Except as set forth on the appropriate
         SCHEDULE listing such Assets, neither any partner, nor any individual
         or employee of Seller, nor any spouse, child or other relative of any
         of these persons, owns, or has any interest, directly or indirectly, in
         any of the personal property owned by Sellers.

6.7      INSURANCE POLICIES. SCHEDULE B to this Agreement is a description of
         all insurance policies held by Seller concerning the Assets. All these
         policies are in the respective principal amounts set forth in SCHEDULE
         B Seller has maintained and now maintains (i) insurance on all the
         Assets of a type customarily insured, covering property damage and loss
         of income by fire or other casualty, and (ii) adequate insurance
         protection against all liabilities, claims, and risks against which it
         is customary to insure.

6.8      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Seller has complied with, and is not in violation
         of, applicable federal, state or local statutes, laws and regulations
         (including, without limitation, any applicable environmental, health,
         building, zoning or other law, ordinance or regulation) affecting the
         Assets or the operation of its business to be sold pursuant to this
         Agreement.

6.9      LITIGATION. Except as set forth in SCHEDULE C, there is no suit,
         action, arbitration or legal, administrative or other proceeding, or
         governmental investigation pending, or to the best knowledge of Seller,
         threatened, against or affecting Seller, or any of its business, assets
         or financial condition. Seller is not in default with respect to any
         order, writ, injunction or decree of any federal, state, local or
         foreign court, department, agency or instrumentality. Except as set
         forth in Schedule C, Seller is not presently engaged in any legal
         action to recover moneys due to it or damages sustained by it.

6.10     AGREEMENT WILL NOT CAUSE BREACH OR VIOLATION. Neither the entry into
         this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
         hereby will result in or constitute any of the following: (i) a breach
         of any term or provision of this Agreement; (ii) a default or an event
         that, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would be a default, breach
         or violation of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Seller or
         any lease, license, promissory note, conditional sales contract,
         commitment, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement,
         instrument or arrangement to which Seller is a party or by which Seller
         or the Assets are bound; (iii) an event that would permit any party to
         terminate any agreement or to accelerate the maturity of any
         indebtedness or other obligation of Seller; (iv) the creation or
         imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance on any of the Assets; or
         (v) the violation of any law, regulation, ordinance, judgment, order or
         decree applicable to or affecting Seller or the Assets.


                                       8
<PAGE>

6.11     AUTHORITY AND CONSENTS. Seller has the right, power, legal capacity and
         authority to enter into, and perform its obligations under this
         Agreement, and no approvals or consents of any persons or entity other
         than Seller are necessary in connection with it. The execution and
         delivery of this Agreement by Seller have been duly authorized by all
         necessary corporate action of Seller (including any necessary action by
         Seller's security holders), and this Agreement constitutes a legal,
         valid and binding obligation of Seller enforceable in accordance with
         its terms.

6.12     DOCUMENTS DELIVERED. Each copy or original of any agreement, contract
         or other instrument which is identified in any exhibit delivered by
         Seller or their counsel to Buyer (or its counsel or representatives),
         whether before or after the execution hereof, is in fact what it is
         purported to be by the Seller and has not been amended, canceled or
         otherwise modified.

6.13     FULL DISCLOSURE. None of the representations and warranties made by
         Seller or made in any letter, certificate or memorandum furnished or to
         be furnished by Seller, or on their behalf, contains or will contain
         any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits any material fact the
         omission of which would make the statements made misleading. There is
         no fact known to Seller which materially adversely affects, or in the
         future may (so far as Seller can now reasonably foresee) materially
         adversely affect the condition, Assets, liabilities, business
         operations or prospects of Seller that has not been set forth herein or
         heretofore communicated to Buyer in writing pursuant hereto.

6.14     BULK SALES PROVISIONS. Seller in compliance with the bulk sales
         provisions of the California Uniform Commercial Code-Bulk sales is
         selling less than one-half of the Seller's inventory and equipment, as
         measured by the value on the date of this Agreement is entered into by
         the Seller.

ARTICLE 7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND BUYER.

Buyer, represent and warrant to the Seller and the Shareholders as follows:

7.1      ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. Buyer is a corporation duly organized,
         validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
         Colorado.

7.2      AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT. Buyer has all requisite corporate
         power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
         consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
         delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Board
         of Directors of Buyer, and no other corporate proceedings on the part
         of Buyer are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
         transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been duly and validly
         executed and delivered by Buyer and, assuming this Agreement
         constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Seller, this
         Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Buyer,
         enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms.


                                       9
<PAGE>

7.3      CONSENTS AND APPROVALS: NO VIOLATION. Neither the execution and
         delivery of this Agreement by Buyer nor the consummation of the
         transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by Buyer with any of
         the provisions hereof will conflict with or result in any breach of any
         provision of the Articles of Incorporation or by-laws of Buyer or any
         Subsidiary, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of,
         or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authority,

7.4      LITIGATION. ETC. Except as disclosed by the Buyer, there is no action,
         claim, or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, threatened,
         to which Buyer is or would be a party before any court or Governmental
         Authority acting in an adjudicative capacity or any arbitrator or
         arbitration tribunal with respect to which there is a reasonable
         likelihood of a determination having, or which, insofar as reasonably
         can be foreseen in the future would have, a material adverse effect on
         Buyer.

7.5      COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND PERMITS. Buyer has owned and operated its
         properties and assets in substantial compliance with the provisions and
         requirements of all laws, orders, regulations, rules and ordinances
         issued or promulgated by all Governmental Authorities having
         jurisdiction with respect thereto. All necessary governmental
         certificates, consents, permits, licenses or other authorizations with
         regard to the ownership or operation by Buyer of their respective
         properties and assets have been obtained and no violation exists in
         respect of such licenses, permits or authorizations. None of the
         documents and materials filed with or furnished to any Governmental
         Authority with respect to the properties, assets or businesses of Buyer
         contains any untrue statement of a material fact or fails to state a
         material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

7.6      TCPD COMMON STOCK. The shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement
         have been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms
         of the this Agreement, will be validly authorized and issued and fully
         paid and nonassessable, and no shareholder of Buyer will have any
         preemptive rights or dissenter's right with respect thereto.

ARTICLE 8. SELLERS OBLIGATIONS BEFORE CLOSING.

Seller covenants that, except as otherwise agreed in writing by Buyer, from the
date of this Agreement until the Closing:

8.1      BUYER'S ACCESS TO PREMISES AND INFORMATION. Buyer and its counsel,
         accountants and other representatives shall be entitled to have full
         access during normal business hours to all Seller's properties, books,
         accounts, records, contracts and documents of or relating to the
         Assets. Seller shall furnish or cause to be furnished to Buyer and its
         representatives all data and information concerning the business,
         finances and properties of Seller that may reasonably be requested.


                                       10
<PAGE>

8.2      CONDUCT OF BUSINESS IN NORMAL COURSE. Seller shall carry on its
         business and activities diligently and in substantially the same manner
         as it previously has been carried on, and shall not make or institute
         any unusual or novel methods of purchase, sale, lease, management,
         accounting or operation that will vary materially from the methods used
         by Seller as of the date of this Agreement.

8.3      PRESERVATION OF BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS. Seller shall use its best
         efforts, without making any commitments on behalf of Buyer, to preserve
         its business organization intact, to keep available to Seller its
         present employees, and to preserve its present relationships with
         suppliers, customers and others having business relationships with it.

8.4      MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. Seller shall continue to carry its existing
         insurance, if any, subject to variations in amounts required by the
         ordinary operations of its business. At the request of Buyer and at
         Buyer's sole expense, the amount of insurance against fire and other
         casualties which, at the date of this Agreement, Seller carries on any
         of the Assets or in respect of its operations shall be increased by
         such amount or amounts as Buyer shall specify. Seller shall cause Buyer
         to be named as an additional insured on each existing insurance policy
         carried by Seller.

8.5      NEW TRANSACTIONS. Seller shall not do, or agree to do without the prior
         written consent of the Buyer, any of the following acts:

         (a)      enter into any contract, commitment or transaction not in the
                  usual and ordinary course of its business; or

         (b)      enter into any contract, commitment or transaction in the
                  usual and ordinary course of business involving an amount
                  exceeding $1,000.00, individually, or $5,000.00 in the
                  aggregate; or

         (c)      sell or dispose of any capital assets which are the subject of
                  this purchase agreement.

8.7      EXISTING AGREEMENTS. Seller shall not modify, amend, cancel or
         terminate any of its existing contracts or agreements, or agree to do
         any of those acts.

8.8      CONSENT OF OTHERS. As soon as reasonably practical after the execution
         and delivery of this Agreement, and in any event on or before the
         Closing Date, Seller shall obtain the written consent of all Seller's
         partners and will furnish to Buyer executed copies of these consents to
         the assignment of the Assets.

8.9      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES TRUE AT CLOSING. Seller shall use their
         best efforts to assure that all representations and warranties of
         Seller set forth in this Agreement and in any written statements
         delivered to Buyer by Seller under this Agreement will also be true and
         correct as of the Closing Date as if made on that date and that all
         conditions precedent to Closing shall have been met.


                                       11
<PAGE>

8.10     SALES AND USE TAX ON PRIOR SALES. Seller agrees to furnish to Buyer a
         clearance certificate from the appropriate agencies and any related
         certificates that Buyer may reasonably request as evidence that all
         sales and use and other tax liabilities of Seller, if any (other than
         income tax liabilities) accruing before the Closing Date have been
         fully satisfied or provided for.

8.11     STATUTORY FILLINGS. Seller shall cooperate fully with Buyer in
         preparing and filing all information and documents deemed necessary or
         desirable by Buyer under any statutes or governmental rules or
         regulations pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this
         Agreement.

ARTICLE 9. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER'S PERFORMANCE

The obligations of Buyer to purchase the Assets under this Agreement are subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing, of all the conditions set out
below in this Article 9. Buyer may waive any or all of these conditions in
accordance with Section 14.2 hereof, provided however, that no such waiver of a
condition shall constitute a waiver by Buyer of any of its other rights or
remedies, at law or in equity, if Seller shall be in default of any of its
representations, warranties or covenants under this Agreement.

9.1      ACCURACY OF SELLERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All representations
         and warranties by Seller in this Agreement or in any written statement
         that shall be delivered to Buyer by Seller under this Agreement shall
         be true on and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time.

9.2      SELLER PERFORMANCE. Seller shall have performed, satisfied, and
         complied with all covenants, agreements, and conditions required by
         this Agreement to be performed or complied with by Seller on or before
         the Closing Date.

9.3      CERTIFICATION BY SELLER. Buyer shall have received a certificate, dated
         the Closing Date, signed and verified by Seller's managing partner,
         certifying, in such detail as Buyer and its counsel may reasonably
         request, that the conditions specified in Sections 9.1 and 9.3 have
         been fulfilled.

9.4      ABSENCE OF LITIGATION. No action, suit or proceeding before any court
         or any governmental body or authority, pertaining to the transaction
         contemplated by this Agreement or to its consummation, shall have been
         instituted or threatened on or before the Closing Date.

9.5      PARTNERSHIP APPROVAL. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
         Seller, and the performance of its covenants and obligations under it,
         shall have been duly authorized by all necessary partnership action,
         and Buyer shall have received copies of all resolutions pertaining to
         that authorization, certified by the secretary of Seller.


                                       12
<PAGE>

9.6      CONSENTS. All necessary agreements and consents of any parties to the
         consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, or
         otherwise pertaining to the matters covered by it, shall have been
         obtained by Seller and delivered to Buyer.

9.7      APPROVAL OF DOCUMENTATION. The form and substance of all certificates,
         instruments and other documents delivered to Buyer under this Agreement
         shall be satisfactory in all reasonable respects to Buyer and its
         counsel.

9.8      CONDITION OF ASSETS. The Assets shall not have been materially or
         adversely affected in any way as a result of any sale, fire, accident,
         storm, or other casualty or labor or civil disturbance or act of God or
         the public enemy.

9.9      RESALE CERTIFICATE. Buyer shall have received from Seller a sales tax
         resale certificate or other comparable document, as appropriate,
         reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, with respect to the Assets being
         purchased by Seller for resale.

9.10     VALUATION OF ASSETS. Buyer shall have accepted the valuation of the
         Assets, as set forth on the schedules attached hereto (as adjusted as
         of the Closing Date).

9.11     COMPLETION OF DUE DILIGENCE. All due diligence reasonably required by
         the Buyer has been completed, and the results of such due diligence are
         satisfactory to the Buyer in its sole discretion and judgement with
         regard to all aspects of the transaction, including by not limited to
         matters relating to the Assets, or the intellectual property or
         financial prospects of the business to be sold pursuant to this
         Agreement.

9.12     COMPLIANCE WITH BULK SALES LAWS. The parties have complied with all
         applicable Bulk Sales Laws or similar provisions, as necessary.

ARTICLE 10. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLER'S PERFORMANCE

The obligations of Seller to sell and transfer the Assets under this Agreement
are subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing, of all the following
conditions:

10.1     ACCURACY OF BUYER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. All representations
         and warranties by Buyer contained in this Agreement or in any written
         statement delivered by Buyer under this Agreement shall be true on and
         as of the Closing as though such representations and warranties were
         made on and as of that date.

10.2     BUYER'S PERFORMANCE. Buyer shall have performed and complied with all
         covenants and agreements, and satisfied all conditions that it is
         required by this Agreement to perform, comply with, or satisfy, before
         or at the Closing.


                                       13
<PAGE>

10.3     BUYER'S CORPORATE APPROVAL. Buyer shall have received corporate
         authorization and approval for the execution and delivery of this
         Agreement and all corporate action necessary or proper to fulfill the
         obligations of Buyer to be performed under this Agreement on or before
         the Closing Date.

ARTICLE 11. SECURITIES ASPECTS OF AGREEMENT

11.1     All parties to this Agreement mutually understand, agree and covenant
         that any referenced sale or other disposition of any security under
         this Agreement shall be controlled and governed by this section.
         Specifically should there arise any conflict of application or
         interpretation under this section and any other provision or section of
         this Agreement; this section shall be given primary definition and
         control. The term "securities" for the purposes of this Agreement shall
         mean and include all shares of TCPD, and any warrants to acquire those
         shares as well as any other instrument or obligation customary or
         commonly described as a security. Each of the following terms and
         conditions of the issuance and distribution of the securities shall be
         fully applicable unless otherwise specifically waived or treated in the
         following paragraphs.

11.2     Each security issued pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be a
         "restricted" security unless otherwise specifically referenced as being
         issued pursuant to a registration or offering.

11.3     Seller understands and agrees that a restricted security for the
         purposes of this Agreement is one, which is issued without meeting
         registration requirements under both federal and state law within the
         United States. Each party to this Agreement further agrees and
         acknowledges that the nature of restricted security is that it is not
         freely tradable. That is, the holder of such security cannot
         immediately market or further distribute such security in the open
         market, or through private transactions without the express written
         consent of the issuer.

11.4     Seller fully acknowledges and understands that the resale of a
         restricted security will normally require substantial holding periods
         unless subsequently subject to an intervening registration under
         applicable federal and state securities laws. Seller acquiring
         restricted stock under this Agreement further acknowledges and agrees
         that the principal, though not exclusive, means by which restricted
         securities are resold under United States law and conforming state laws
         and regulations is Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Rule 144,
         which essentially requires a holding period of one year before the
         stock can be resold or any interest therein further sold or assigned.
         In general terms, Rule 144 would require that there be current public
         information about the Company before the provisions of the Rule could
         be relied upon for subsequent resale, that the aforementioned holding
         period had been met, that the sales occurred through independent
         arms-length and unsolicited brokerage transactions, that certain volume
         limitations on the number of shares sold in each three month period be
         observed, and that a report of sales will be filed with the SEC. Seller
         understands that the foregoing constitutes only a general description
         of Rule 144 and that such person is or has the means to become familiar
         with all of the specific provisions and terms of Rule 144 through his
         independent legal advisors. Sellers further acknowledges and agrees
         that while Rule 144 is not exclusive, that it is anticipated and
         intended that it would be the primary means by which securities
         acquired under this Agreement could be resold absent the specific
         registration provisions of this Agreement.


                                       14
<PAGE>

11.5     Seller further acknowledges and agrees that, except as specifically
         provided by the terms of this Agreement, none of the corporate parties
         will have any obligation to register securities issued, and have no
         present intention to register such securities other than is
         specifically provided for by this Agreement. Each person under this
         Agreement acquiring securities further understands and agrees that
         individual registration of securities, absent registration by the
         issuer, is usually not practical and should not be relied upon as a
         means for resale or other distributions of securities acquired under
         this Agreement.

11.6     Any entity acquiring securities pursuant to this Agreement with the
         intent to divide such securities among its principal shareholders as
         part of the acquisition process, will be responsible for obtaining the
         knowledgeable consent and agreement of such actual shareholder to the
         terms of this Agreement, specifically referencing this paragraph.

11.7     Seller fully understands and agrees that should such person be deemed
         to be in a "control" position as to Buyer incident to the completion of
         this Agreement, that such person must comply with the volume
         limitations of Rule 144 to complete sales of his or her securities
         acquired, except for securities which have been otherwise registered
         pursuant to this Agreement. A control person has been defined by the
         SEC, and by most state securities regulatory agencies, as a person who
         has the capacity to exercise control over the issuing company. While no
         precise mathematical formulation of a control person is applicable to
         all situations, the following are generally presumed to be control
         people:

         (i)      a person holding 10% or more of the shares of the issuing
                  company;

         (ii)     any principal officer or any director of the issuing company.

11.8     Seller represents that it is acquiring the Shares for its own account,
         for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale
         thereof. The Seller further represent that their financial and other
         circumstances are such that they have adequate means of providing for
         their current and anticipated future needs without having to sell or
         otherwise dispose of the Shares, and that the Seller are able to bear
         the economic risks of this investment and consequently are able to hold
         the Shares for an indefinite period of time and to sustain the loss of
         their entire investment in the Shares, in the event such a loss should
         occur.


                                       15
<PAGE>

11.9     Seller acknowledges and represents that, due to its knowledge and
         experience in financial and business matters, its investment experience
         generally and its experience with investments similar to the Shares in
         particular, Seller, either alone or together with its advisors, if any,
         is able to understand and merits of, and the risks involved in, its
         proposed investment in the Shares. Seller, either alone or together
         with its advisors, if any, has the capacity to protect its own
         interests in connection with this transaction.

11.10    Seller acknowledges that the Buyer or TCPD have furnished or made
         available to Seller all financial and other data relating to TCPD,
         required by Seller to enable it to make an informed decision concerning
         its approval of this transaction and its resulting acquisition of the
         Shares. In particular, Seller acknowledges that it has received and
         reviewed the financial statements of TCPD for the past two years and
         complete copies of all of TCPD's SEC Reports for such period. Seller is
         aware of, and has thoroughly evaluated, to its own satisfaction, the
         high degree of risk associated with investing in TCPD, including but
         not limited to, the specific risks associated with TCPD's business and
         the risks associated with the ownership of common stock.

ARTICLE 12. FORM OF AGREEMENT

12.1     HEADINGS. The subject headings of the Articles and Sections of this
         Agreement are included for purposes of convenience only, and shall not
         affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions.

12.2     ENTIRE AGREEMENT: MODIFICATION: WAIVER. This Agreement constitutes the
         entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter
         contained in it and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
         agreements, representations, and understandings of the parties. No
         supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be
         binding unless executed in writing by all the parties. No waiver of any
         of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed, or shall
         constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether or not similar,
         nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver shall be
         binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver.

12.3     COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or
         more counterparts, each of, which shall be deemed an original, but all
         of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

ARTICLE 13. PARTIES

13.1     PARTIES IN INTEREST. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or
         implied, is intended to confer any rights or remedies under or by
         reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the parties to it
         and their respective successors and assigns, nor is anything in this
         Agreement intended to relieve or discharge the obligation or liability
         of any third persons to any party to this Agreement, nor shall any
         provisions give any third persons any right of subrogation or action
         over against any party to this Agreement.


                                       16
<PAGE>

13.2     ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the
         benefit of the parties to it and their respective heirs, legal
         representatives, successors and assigns. Buyer agrees to obtain the
         written consent of Seller if Buyer sells, assigns or otherwise
         transfers all or any ownership interest in a material portion of the
         Assets prior to the time that the Buyer has completed the terms of
         payment above in Article 2. Seller agrees not to unduly withhold its
         consent to any sale, assignment or transfer of the assets after written
         notice is served upon it according to the terms of this Agreement.
         Seller shall give its written consent to the Buyer within five (5) days
         of receipt of the Buyer's request for Seller's consent. An assignment
         of the purchase to TCPD in hereby agreed to by the Seller.

ARTICLE 14. REMEDIES

14.1     RECOVERY OF LITIGATION COSTS. If any legal action or any arbitration or
         other proceeding so brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or
         because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in
         connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the successful
         or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover reasonable
         attorneys' fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding,
         in addition to any other relief to which it or they may be entitled.

14.2     CONDITIONS PERMITTING TERMINATION. Subject to the provisions of Article
         3 relating to the postponement of the Closing Date, either party may on
         or prior to the Closing Date terminate this Agreement by written notice
         to the other, without liability to the other, if any bona fide action
         or proceeding shall be pending against either party on the Closing Date
         that could result in an unfavorable judgment, decree or order that
         would prevent or make unlawful the carrying out of this Agreement.

14.3     DEFAULTS PERMITTING TERMINATION. If either Buyer or Seller materially
         defaults in the due and timely performance of any of its warranties,
         covenants, or agreements under this Agreement, the non-defaulting party
         or parties may on the Closing Date give notice of termination of this
         Agreement, in the manner provided in Article 16. The notice shall
         specify with particularity the default or defaults on which the notice
         is based. The termination shall be effective five days after the
         Closing Date, unless the specified default or defaults have been cured
         on or before this effective date for termination. Upon material default
         of the Buyer's payment obligations under this Agreement, the Seller may
         foreclose its security interest in the assets as referred to in
         paragraph 2(f) above.

ARTICLE 15. NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTIONS AND WARRANTIES

All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties
contained in this Agreement, or in any instrument, certificate, opinion or other
writing provided for in it, shall survive the Closing.


                                       17
<PAGE>

ARTICLE 16. NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of
service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, or on
the third day after mailing if mailed to the party to whom notice is to be
given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, and
properly addressed as follows:

Buyer:
                                                Telecommunication Products, Inc.
                                                9171 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite B
                                                Beverly Hills, California 90210
                                                Attn; Dennis H. Johnston, Esq

                                                Telephone: (310)281-2571
                                                Facsimile:  (310)281-2574


Sellers:
                                                Omega Funding, Inc.
                                                23402 Savona Court
                                                Boca Raton, Florida 33433
                                                Attn: Nina Cannon
                                                Telephone: (561) 361-0039
                                                Facsimile:  (561) 361-0515



Any party may change its address for purposes of this Article by giving the
other parties written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above.

ARTICLE 17.  GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by the laws
of the State of Florida.

ARTICLE 18. MISCELLANEOUS

18.1     ANNOUNCEMENTS. None of Sellers will make any announcements to the
         public or to employees of Seller concerning this Agreement or the
         transactions contemplated hereby without the prior approval of Buyer,
         which will not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding any failure of
         Buyer to approve it, Sellers may make an announcement of substantially
         the same information as theretofore announced to the public by Buyer or
         any announcement required by applicable law, but Seller shall in either
         case notify Buyer of the contents thereof reasonably promptly in
         advance of its issuance.

18.2     REFERENCES. Unless otherwise specified, references to Sections or
         Articles are to Sections or Articles in this Agreement.



                                       18
<PAGE>



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement have duly executed it as of
the day and year first above written.

BUYER: TELECOMMUNICATION PRODUCTS, INC.
a  Colorado corporation


By                                            Date:
   --------------------------------                 -------------------------
Its: Chief Executive Officer


SELLER: OMEGA FUNDING, INC.
a Florida corporation


By /s/ Nina L. Cannon                         Date:
   --------------------------------                 -------------------------
    Nina L. Cannon
    Its; President & Sole Shareholder.




                                       19

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
