<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>1997 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 10.f

                         WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP, INC.

                           1997 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Section 1.  Purpose

     The purpose of the  Washington  Trust Bancorp,  Inc. 1997 Equity  Incentive
Plan (the "Plan") is to attract and retain key  employees,  directors,  advisors
and  consultants,  to provide an incentive for them to assist  Washington  Trust
Bancorp,  Inc. (the "Corporation") to achieve long-range  performance goals, and
to enable them to participate in the long-term growth of the Corporation.

Section 2.  Definitions

(a)  "Affiliate"  means  any  business  entity  in which  the  Corporation  owns
     directly or indirectly  50% or more of the total  combined  voting power or
     has a significant financial interest as determined by the Committee.

(b)  "Annual  Meeting"  means the  annual  meeting  of  shareholders  or special
     meeting  in lieu of annual  meeting  of  shareholders  at which one or more
     directors are elected.

(c)  "Award" means any Option,  Stock Appreciation  Right,  Performance or Award
     Share, or Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan.

(d)  "Award  Share"  means a share  of  Common  Stock  awarded  to an  employee,
     director, advisor or consultant without payment therefor.

(e)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the  Corporation.

(f)  "Code" means  the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended from time to
     time.

(g)  "Committee"  means the Stock Option  Committee of the Board,  or such other
     committee  of not less than  three  members of the Board  appointed  by the
     Board to administer  the Plan,  provided that the members of such Committee
     must be  Non-Employee  Directors  as defined in Rule  16b-3(b)  promulgated
     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(h)  "Common  Stock" or "Stock"  means the Common  Stock,  par value  $.0625 per
     share, of the Corporation.

(i)  "Corporation" means Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.

(j)  "Designated Beneficiary" means the beneficiary designated by a Participant,
     in a manner  determined  by the Board,  to receive  amounts due or exercise
     rights of the Participant in the event of the  Participant's  death. In the
     absence  of  an  effective   designation  by  a   Participant,   Designated
     Beneficiary shall mean the Participant's estate.

(k)  "Fair  Market  Value"  means,  with  respect  to Common  Stock or any other
     property, the fair market value of such property as determined by the Board
     in good faith or in the manner established by the Board from time to time.

(l)  "Incentive  Stock  Option"  means an  option to  purchase  shares of Common
     Stock,  awarded to a Participant under Section 6, which is intended to meet
     the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision.

(m)  "Nonqualified  Stock Option"  means an option to purchase  shares of Common
     Stock, awarded to a Participant under Section 6 or Section 11, which is not
     intended to be an Incentive Stock Option.

(n)  "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option.

(o)  "Participant"  means a person  selected  by the Board to  receive  an Award
     under the Plan.

(p)  "Performance  Cycle" or "Cycle"  means the period of time selected  by the
     Board during which performance is measured for the purpose of determining
     the extent to which an award of Performance Shares has been earned.

(q)  "Performance Shares" mean shares of Common Stock which may be earned by the
     achievement of performance goals, awarded to a Participant under Section 8.

(r)  "Restricted  Period"  means the period of time selected by the Board during
     which an award of Restricted Stock may be forfeited to the Corporation.

(s)  "Restricted  Stock"  means shares of Common  Stock  subject to  forfeiture,
     awarded to a Participant under Section 9.

(t)  "Stock  Appreciation Right" or "SAR" means a right to receive any excess in
     value of shares of Common  Stock  over the  reference  price,  awarded to a
     Participant under Section 7.

(u)  "Stock Unit" means an award of Common Stock and/or other rights  granted as
     units that are  valued in whole or in part by  reference  to, or  otherwise
     based on, the value of Common Stock, awarded to a Participant under Section
     10.

Section 3.  Administration

     The Plan shall be administered  by the Committee,  which shall initially be
the Stock Option Committee.  The Board shall have authority to adopt,  alter and
repeal  such  administrative  rules,  guidelines  and  practices  governing  the
operation of the Plan as it shall from time to time consider  advisable,  and to
interpret the provisions of the Plan. The Board's  decisions  shall be final and
binding.  To the extent  permitted by applicable  law, the Board may delegate to
the Committee the power to make Awards to  Participants  and all  determinations
under the Plan with respect thereto.

Section 4.  Eligibility

     All  employees  and,  in the case of  Awards  other  than  Incentive  Stock
Options, directors, advisors and consultants of the Corporation or any Affiliate
capable of  contributing  significantly  to the  successful  performance  of the
Corporation, other than a person who has irrevocably elected not to be eligible,
are eligible to be Participants in the Plan.

Section 5.  Stock Available for Awards

(a)  Subject to adjustment  under  subsection  (b), Awards may be made under the
     Plan,  of  Options to  acquire  not in excess of  450,000  shares of Common
     Stock. Other Awards may be made as the Board may determine, provided that a
     maximum of 450,000 shares of Common Stock may be issued under this Plan. If
     any Award in respect  of shares of Common  Stock  expires or is  terminated
     unexercised  or is  forfeited  for any reason or  settled in a manner  that
     results in fewer shares outstanding than were initially awarded,  including
     without  limitation the surrender of shares in payment for the Award or any
     tax obligation thereon, the shares subject to such Award or so surrendered,
     as the  case  may  be,  to the  extent  of  such  expiration,  termination,
     forfeiture or decrease,  shall again be available for award under the Plan,
     subject, however, in the case of Incentive Stock Options, to any limitation
     required  under the Code.  Common Stock issued  through the  assumption  or
     substitution of outstanding  grants from an acquired  corporation shall not
     reduce the shares available for Awards under the Plan.  Shares issued under
     the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued  shares
     or treasury shares.

(b)  In  the  event  that  the  Board   determines   that  any  stock  dividend,
     extraordinary  cash  dividend,  creation  of a class of equity  securities,
     recapitalization,    reorganization,   merger,   consolidation,   split-up,
     spin-off,  combination,  exchange of shares, warrants or rights offering to
     purchase Common Stock at a price  substantially below fair market value, or
     other similar  transaction affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment
     is  required  in order to  preserve  the  benefits  or  potential  benefits
     intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Board,  subject,  in
     the case of Incentive Stock Options,  to any limitation  required under the
     Code,  shall  equitably  adjust  any or all of (i) the  number  and kind of
     shares in  respect of which  Awards  may be made  under the Plan,  (ii) the
     number and kind of shares  subject  to  outstanding  Awards,  and (iii) the
     award,  exercise or conversion  price with respect to any of the foregoing,
     and if  considered  appropriate,  the Board may make  provision  for a cash
     payment with respect to an outstanding  Award,  provided that the number of
     shares subject to any Award shall always be a whole number.

Section 6.  Stock Options

(a)  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board may award  Incentive Stock
     Options and  Nonqualified  Stock Options and determine the number of shares
     to be covered by each Option,  the option price therefor and the conditions
     and  limitations  applicable  to the exercise of the Option.  The terms and
     conditions  of Incentive  Stock Options shall be subject to and comply with
     Section 422 of the Code, or any successor  provision,  and any  regulations
     thereunder.

(b)  The Board  shall  establish  the  option  price at the time each  Option is
     awarded,  which price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market  Value
     of the Common Stock on the date of award with  respect to  Incentive  Stock
     Options.

(c)  Each Option  shall be  exercisable  at such times and subject to such terms
     and  conditions  as the  Board  may  specify  in the  applicable  Award  or
     thereafter.  The Board may  impose  such  conditions  with  respect  to the
     exercise of Options, including conditions relating to applicable federal or
     state securities laws, as it considers necessary or advisable.

(d)  No shares  shall be  delivered  pursuant to any exercise of an Option until
     payment  in  full  of  the  option  price   therefor  is  received  by  the
     Corporation.  Such  payment  may be made in whole or in part in cash or, to
     the extent  permitted by the Board at or after the award of the Option,  by
     delivery  of a note or shares of Common  Stock  owned by the  optionholder,
     including  Restricted Stock,  valued at their Fair Market Value on the date
     of  delivery,  by the  reduction  of the  shares of Common  Stock  that the
     optionholder would be entitled to receive upon exercise of the Option, such
     shares to be valued at their  Fair  Market  Value on the date of  exercise,
     less their option price (a so-called  "cashless  exercise"),  or such other
     lawful  consideration  as  the  Board  may  determine.   In  addition,   an
     optionholder  may engage in a successive  exchange (or series of exchanges)
     in which the shares of Common Stock that such  optionholder  is entitled to
     receive  upon the exercise of an Option may be  simultaneously  utilized as
     payment for the exercise of an additional Option or Options.

(e)  The  Board  may  provide  for the  automatic  award of an  Option  upon the
     delivery of shares to the Corporation in payment of an Option for up to the
     number of shares so delivered.

(f)  In the case of Incentive Stock Options the following additional conditions
     shall apply:

      (i)  Such options shall be granted only to employees of the  Corporation,
           and shall not be granted to any person who owns stock that possesses
           more  than  ten percent of  the total  combined  voting power of all
           classes  of  stock of the Corporation or of its parent or subsidiary
           corporation (as  those  terms are defined in Section  422(b) of the
           Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended, and the regulations
           promulgated thereunder), unless,  at  the time  of such grant,  the
           exercise  price of  such option is at least 110% of the fair market
           value  of  the  stock that is subject to such option and the option
           shall  not  be exercisable  more  than  five years after the date of
           grant;

      (ii) Such  options  shall  not  be  granted  more  than ten years from the
           effective  date  of  the  Plan and shall not be exercisable more than
           ten years from the date of grant;

      (iii)Such   options   shall,  by  their  terms,  be  transferable  by  the
           optionee  only by the laws of descent and distribution,  and shall be
           exercisable only by such employee during his lifetime.

Section 7.  Stock Appreciation Rights

     Subject to the  provisions of the Plan,  the Board may award SARs in tandem
with an Option (at or after the award of the Option),  or alone and unrelated to
an Option.  SARs in tandem with an Option shall terminate to the extent that the
related  Option is  exercised,  and the related  Option  shall  terminate to the
extent that the tandem SARs are exercised.

Section 8.  Performance Shares

(a)  Subject  to the  provisions  of the Plan,  the Board may award  Performance
     Shares and determine the number of such shares for each  Performance  Cycle
     and the  duration  of each  Performance  Cycle.  There may be more than one
     Performance  Cycle  in  existence  at any one  time,  and the  duration  of
     Performance  Cycles  may  differ  from each  other.  The  payment  value of
     Performance  Shares  shall be equal to the Fair Market  Value of the Common
     Stock on the date the  Performance  Shares are earned or, in the discretion
     of the Board, on the date the Board determines that the Performance  Shares
     have been earned.

(b)  The Board shall establish performance goals for each Cycle, for the purpose
     of  determining  the extent to which  Performance  Shares  awarded for such
     Cycle are earned,  on the basis of such  criteria  and to  accomplish  such
     objectives as the Board may from time to time select. During any Cycle, the
     Board may adjust the performance goals for such Cycle as it deems equitable
     in  recognition   of  unusual  or   non-recurring   events   affecting  the
     Corporation,  changes in applicable tax laws or accounting  principles,  or
     such other factors as the Board may determine.

(c)  As soon as  practicable  after the end of a  Performance  Cycle,  the Board
     shall determine the number of Performance  Shares which have been earned on
     the basis of performance in relation to the established  performance goals.
     The payment values of earned Performance Shares shall be distributed to the
     Participant  or,  if  the  Participant  has  died,  to  the   Participant's
     Designated Beneficiary,  as soon as practicable thereafter. The Board shall
     determine,  at or after the time of award,  whether  payment values will be
     settled  in whole or in part in cash or other  property,  including  Common
     Stock or Awards.

Section 9.  Restricted Stock

(a)  Subject  to the  provisions  of the Plan,  the  Board  may award  shares of
     Restricted Stock and determine the duration of the Restricted Period during
     which,  and the conditions  under which, the shares may be forfeited to the
     Corporation  and the other terms and  conditions of such Awards.  Shares of
     Restricted  Stock may be issued for no cash  consideration  or such minimum
     consideration as may be required by applicable law.

(b)  Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred,  pledged
     or  otherwise  encumbered,  except as  permitted  by the Board,  during the
     Restricted  Period.  Shares of Restricted  Stock shall be evidenced in such
     manner as the Board may determine.  Any  certificates  issued in respect of
     shares  of  Restricted  Stock  shall  be  registered  in  the  name  of the
     Participant and unless otherwise determined by the Board,  deposited by the
     Participant,  together  with a stock  power  endorsed  in  blank,  with the
     Corporation.  At the expiration of the restricted  Period,  the Corporation
     shall deliver such  certificates  to the  Participant or if the Participant
     has died, to the Participant's Designated Beneficiary.

Section 10.  Stock Units

(a)  Subject to the  provisions  of the Plan,  the Board may award  Stock  Units
     subject to such  terms,  restrictions,  conditions,  performance  criteria,
     vesting requirements and payment rules as the Board shall determine.

(b)  Shares of Common Stock awarded in connection  with a Stock Unit Award shall
     be issued for no cash consideration or such minimum consideration as may be
     required by  applicable  law. Such shares of Common Stock may be designated
     as Award Shares by the Board.

Section 11.  Options Granted to Non-Employee Directors

     Unless otherwise determined by the Board, each director of the Corporation
who is not an employee of the Corporation  shall  automatically  be  granted  a
Nonqualified Option covering 750 shares as of the date of each Annual Meeting of
the  Corporation  after which such director will continue to serve as a director
of the  Corporation,  beginning  with the  1997  Annual  Meeting  and in lieu of
options   which  would  have  been  granted   pursuant  to  Section  14  of  the
Corporation's  Amended and Restated 1988 Stock Option Plan, the option price for
which  shall be the Fair Market  Value of the Common  Stock on such date and the
expiration of which shall be the tenth anniversary thereof.

     Each  Nonqualified  Option  granted  pursuant  to  this  Section  11 may be
exercised on and after the date that is one year after the date of grant.

     In addition,  the Board may provide for such other terms and  conditions of
the Options granted  pursuant to this Section 11 as it may determine in its sole
discretion  and as  shall  be set  forth in the  applicable  Option  agreements,
including,  without  limitation,  acceleration  of  exercise  upon a  change  of
control,  termination  of the  Options,  and the  effect on such  Options of the
death,  retirement or other  termination  of service as a director of the option
holder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  nothing herein shall preclude the Board
from  granting  Options to such  non-employee  directors  in addition  to, or in
substitution  for,  those  provided for in this Section 11.

Section 12. General Provisions Applicable to Awards

(a)  Documentation.  Each Award under the Plan shall be  evidenced  by a written
     document  delivered to the Participant  specifying the terms and conditions
     thereof and containing  such other terms and  conditions  not  inconsistent
     with  the  provisions  of the  Plan as the  Board  considers  necessary  or
     advisable to achieve the purposes of the Plan or comply with applicable tax
     and regulatory laws and accounting principles.

(b)  Board  Discretion.  Each type of Award may be made alone, in addition to or
     in  relation  to any other  type of Award.  The terms of each type of Award
     need not be identical, and the Board need not treat Participants uniformly.
     Except  as  otherwise  provided  by the  Plan or a  particular  Award,  any
     determination with respect to an Award may be made by the Board at the time
     of award or at any time  thereafter.  Without  limiting the  foregoing,  an
     Award may be made by the Board, in its discretion,  to any 401(k), savings,
     pension, profit sharing or other similar plan of the Corporation in lieu of
     or  in  addition  to  any  cash  or  other  property  contributed  or to be
     contributed to such plan.

(c)  Settlement.  The Board shall determine  whether Awards are settled in whole
     or in part in cash,  Common Stock,  other  securities  of the  Corporation,
     Awards or other  property.  The Board may permit a Participant to defer all
     or any portion of a payment  under the Plan,  including  the  crediting  of
     interest on deferred amounts  denominated in cash and dividend  equivalents
     on amounts denominated in Common Stock.

(d)  Dividends and Cash Awards.  In the discretion of the Board, any Award under
     the  Plan may  provide  the  Participant  with (i)  dividends  or  dividend
     equivalents  payable  currently or deferred with or without  interest,  and
     (ii) cash payments in lieu of or in addition to an Award.

(e)  Termination of Employment. The Board shall determine the effect on an Award
     of the disability,  death, retirement or other termination of employment of
     a Participant  and the extent to which,  and the period  during which,  the
     Participant's legal representative,  guardian or Designated Beneficiary may
     receive payment of an Award or exercise rights thereunder.

(f)  Change in Control.  In order to preserve a  Participant's  rights  under an
     Award in the event of a change in control of the Corporation,  the Board in
     its discretion may, at the time an Award is made or at any time thereafter,
     take one or more of the following actions: (i) provide for the acceleration
     of any time period  relating to the exercise or  realization  of the Award,
     (ii) provide for the purchase of the Award upon the  Participant's  request
     for an amount of cash or other  property that could have been received upon
     the  exercise  or  realization  of the Award had the Award  been  currently
     exercisable  or  payable,  (iii)  adjust the terms of the Award in a manner
     determined  by the Board to reflect the change in  control,  (iv) cause the
     Award to be assumed, or new rights substituted therefor, by another entity,
     or (v) make such other provision as the Board may consider equitable and in
     the best interests of the Corporation.

(g)  Withholding.  The  Participant  shall  pay  to  the  Corporation,  or  make
     provision  satisfactory  to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by
     law to be  withheld  in respect of Awards  under the Plan no later than the
     date of the event  creating the tax liability.  In the Board's  discretion,
     such tax  obligations  may be paid in whole or in part in  shares of Common
     Stock,   including   shares  retained  from  the  Award  creating  the  tax
     obligation,  valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery. The
     Corporation and its Affiliates may, to the extent  permitted by law, deduct
     any such tax obligations  from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the
     Participant.

(h)  Amendment  of  Award.  The  Board  may  amend,   modify  or  terminate  any
     outstanding  Award,  including  substituting  therefor another Award of the
     same or a different type,  changing the date of exercise or realization and
     converting  an  Incentive  Stock  Option to a  Nonqualified  Stock  Option,
     provided  that the  Participant's  consent to such action shall be required
     unless the Board  determines  that the  action,  taking  into  account  any
     related action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.

Section 13.  Miscellaneous

(a)  No Right To  Employment.  No  person  shall  have any  claim or right to be
     granted  an Award,  and the grant of an Award  shall  not be  construed  as
     giving a Participant  the right to continued  employment.  The  Corporation
     expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss a Participant free from
     any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly  provided in the
     applicable Award.

(b)  No Rights As  Shareholder.  Subject  to the  provisions  of the  applicable
     Award, no Participant or Designated  Beneficiary shall have any rights as a
     shareholder  with respect to any shares of Common  Stock to be  distributed
     under the Plan until he or she becomes the holder thereof. A Participant to
     whom Common Stock is awarded shall be considered the holder of the Stock at
     the time of the Award except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award.

(c)  Effective  Date.  Subject  to  the  approval  of  the  shareholders  of the
     Corporation,  the Plan shall be effective on April 29, 1997.  Prior to such
     approval,  Awards  may be made  under the Plan  expressly  subject  to such
     approval.

(d)  Amendment of Plan.  The Board may amend,  suspend or terminate  the Plan or
     any portion  thereof at any time,  provided that no amendment shall be made
     without  shareholder  approval if such approval is necessary to comply with
     any applicable tax  requirement,  any applicable rules or regulation of the
     Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,   including  Rule  16(b)-3  (or  any
     successor  rule  thereunder),  or the rules and  regulations  of The Nasdaq
     Stock  Market  or any  other  exchange  or  stock  market  over  which  the
     Corporation's securities are listed.

(e)  Governing  Law.  The  provisions  of the  Plan  shall  be  governed  by and
     interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island.

(f)  Indemnity.  Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any members of either,
     nor any employees of the  Corporation or any parent,  subsidiary,  or other
     affiliate,   shall  be  liable  for  any  act,  omission,   interpretation,
     construction or  determination  made in good faith in connection with their
     responsibilities  with  respect to this Plan,  and the  Corporation  hereby
     agrees to indemnify the members of the Board, the members of the Committee,
     and the  employees of the  Corporation  and its parent or  subsidiaries  in
     respect of any  claim,  loss,  damage,  or  expense  (including  reasonable
     counsel  fees)  arising  from  any  such  act,  omission,   interpretation,
     construction or determination to the full extent permitted by law.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
