<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.57
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>doc5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT  10.57  FORM  OF  EXECUTIVE  EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT
----------------------------------------------------------

OFFERED  TO  THE FOLLOWING KEY EMPLOYEES ON FEBRUARY 11, 2003 WITH THE FOLLOWING
EXPIRATION  DATES:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
KEY EMPLOYEE               AGREEMENT EXPIRATION  MINIMUM SALARY
------------               --------------------  --------------
<S>                        <C>                   <C>
STEPHAN ANTHONY ROMANO     DECEMBER 31, 2005     $       205,000
JAMES RANDALL BAUMGARDNER  DECEMBER 31, 2004     $       174,000
JOHN SCOTT NICHOLSON       DECEMBER 31, 2004     $       155,000
MICHAEL JAMES GILBERG      DECEMBER 31, 2004     $       105,000
</TABLE>



                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                         ------------------------------

     THIS  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Employment Agreement") is made and entered
into  as  of  the  ____  day of February, 2003 (the "Commencement Date"), by and
between AMERICAN ECOLOGY CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company), and
_________________,  an  individual  ("Employee").

     WHEREAS,  the Company desires to employ Employee upon the terms and subject
to  the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in  this  Employment  Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the premises, the mutual promises,
covenants  and  conditions  herein  contained  and  for  other good and valuable
considerations,  the  receipt  and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the  parties  hereto  intending  to  be  legally  bound hereby agree as follows:

EMPLOYMENT.  The  Company  hereby  employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts
employment  with  the  Company, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set  forth  in  this  Employment  Agreement.

TERM  OF EMPLOYMENT.  The term of employment of Employee by the Company pursuant
to  this  Employment Agreement shall be for the period (the "Employment Period")
commencing  on the Commencement Date and ending _______________, or such earlier
date  that Employee's employment is terminated in accordance with the provisions
of  this  Employment  Agreement;  provided,  however, that the Employment Period
shall  automatically  renew  for  additional one (1) year periods if neither the
Company  nor  Employee has notified the other in writing of its or his intention
not to renew this Employment Agreement on or before sixty (60) days prior to the
expiration  of  the  Employment  Period  (including  any  renewal  thereof).

CAPACITY  AND DUTIES.  Employee is and shall be employed in the capacity of Vice
President and Controller of the Company and its subsidiaries and shall have such
other  duties, responsibilities and authorities as may be assigned to him by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") not materially inconsistent with
Employee's  positions  with  the  Company.  Except as otherwise herein provided,
Employee  shall  devote  his entire business time, best efforts and attention to
promote  and  advance  the  business  of the Company and its subsidiaries and to
perform  diligently  and  faithfully  all  the  duties,  responsibilities  and
obligations  of Employee to be performed by him under this Employment Agreement.


<PAGE>
Employee's  duties shall include all of those duties being performed by Employee
as of the date hereof.   Employee shall report to the Chief Financial Officer of
the  Company.

PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT.  Employee's principal place of work shall be main office of
the Company, currently located in Boise, Idaho provided that the location of the
Company  and its offices may be moved from time to time in the discretion of the
Board.

NO  OTHER  EMPLOYMENT.  During  the  Employment  Period,  Employee  shall not be
employed in any other business activity, whether or not such activity is pursued
for  gain,  profit  or  other  pecuniary advantage, provided, however, that this
restriction shall not be construed as preventing Employee from (i) participating
in  charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs;
and (ii) investing his personal assets in a business which does not compete with
the  Company  or its subsidiaries or with any other company or entity affiliated
with  the  Company, where the form or manner of such investment will not require
services on the part of Employee in the operation of the affairs of the business
in  which  such investment is made and in which his participation is solely that
of  a  passive  investor  or advisor, so long as the activities in (i) and (ii),
above,  do  not  materially  interfere with the performance of Employee's duties
hereunder  or  create  a  potential business conflict or the appearance thereof.

COMPENSATION.  During  the  Employment  Period,  subject  to  all  the terms and
conditions  of this Employment Agreement and as compensation for all services to
be  rendered  by Employee under this Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay
to  or  provide  Employee  with  the  following:

     1.   BASE  SALARY.  The Company shall pay to employee an annual base salary
          at the rate paid at the time this Employment Agreement is executed, or
          as  adjusted  in  the  future by the Company, but in no case shall the
          annual  base  salary  be less than $105,000. Such base salary shall be
          payable  in  accordance  with  the  regular  payroll  practices of the
          Company.

     2.   BONUS.  Employee  shall  be  eligible to participate in any cash bonus
          plan(s)  of  the  Company  which  are  in  effect  from  time to time,
          including  the  cash  bonus  opportunity granted to Employee under the
          Company's  Long-Term  Incentive  Compensation Program. Anything to the
          contrary  in  this Agreement notwithstanding, the Company reserves the
          right  to  modify  or  eliminate  the  cash bonus plan(s) at any time.

     3.   VACATION  AND  OTHER  BENEFITS. Employee shall be entitled to vacation
          and  other  benefits  applicable to other similarly situated employees
          based  on  length  of service, but in no event greater than the amount
          accrued  by  other  similarly  situated  employees  with an equivalent
          length  of  service.

     4.   OTHER.  The  Company  may provide Employee with other benefits. In the
          event  the  Company  provides  other  benefits not specifically stated
          herein,  these  other  benefits  be  specified in writing and attached
          hereto  in  an  attachment  entitled,  "Exhibit:  Other  Benefits".

     5.   STOCK  OPTION  GRANTS. During the Employment Period, Employee shall be
          eligible  to  participate  in  any equity-based incentive compensation
          plan or program adopted by the Company, including the grant of options
          to  purchase  stock  pursuant  to  the  Company's  Long-Term Incentive
          Compensation  Program.

EXPENSES.  The Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable, ordinary and
necessary  expenses including, but not limited to, automobile and other business
travel  and  customer entertainment expenses, incurred by him in connection with
his  employment  in  accordance with the Company's expense reimbursement policy;
however, Employee shall render to the Company a complete and accurate accounting
of  all  such expenses in accordance with the substantiation requirements of the
Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the "Code"), as a condition precedent to such
reimbursement.


<PAGE>
ADHERENCE  TO  STANDARDS.  Employee  shall  comply  with  the  written policies,
standards,  rules  and  regulations of the Company from time to time established
for  all  executive  officers of the Company consistent with Employee's position
and  level  of  authority.

REVIEW  OF  PERFORMANCE.  The Company shall periodically review and evaluate the
performance  of  Employee  under  this  Employment  Agreement  with  Employee.

TERMINATION  OF EMPLOYMENT.  Employee's employment and this Employment Agreement
may  be  terminated:

     1.   By  either  party  by delivering notice of non-renewal as set forth in
          "Term  of  Employment",  above;

     2.   Upon no less than thirty (30) days' written notice from the Company to
          Employee  at  any time without Cause (as defined below) and other than
          due  to  Employee's  death  or  Disability;

     3.   Immediately  upon  written  notice  from  the  Company to Employee for
          Cause;

     4.   Due to the death or Disability (as hereinafter defined) of Employee;

     5.   By  Employee  at  any time with or without Good Reason (as hereinafter
          defined)  upon  thirty  (30) days' written notice from Employee to the
          Company  (or  such  shorter period to which the Company may agree); or

     6.   Upon the mutual agreement of the Company or Employee.

In  the  event  of termination of Employee's employment with the Company for any
reason,  or if Employee is required by the Board, Employee agrees to resign, and
shall  automatically be deemed to have resigned, from any offices (including any
directorship)  Employee  holds  with the Company effective as of the termination
date  of  Employee's  employment hereunder, or, if applicable, effective as of a
date  selected  by  the  Board.

TERMINATION  BY  THE  COMPANY  FOR CAUSE OR BY EMPLOYEE WITHOUT GOOD REASON.  If
Employee's  employment  and  this  Employment  Agreement  are  terminated by the
Company  for  Cause (as hereinafter defined) or by Employee without Good Reason,
the Company shall pay Employee the Accrued Obligations (as hereinafter defined).

TERMINATION  BY  THE  COMPANY  WITHOUT CAUSE OR BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON.  If
Employee's  employment  and  this  Employment  Agreement  are  terminated by the
Company  without  Cause  or  if  Employee  terminates  his  employment  and this
Employment  Agreement for Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to receive his
base salary and medical, hospitalization and disability benefits to which he was
entitled  at the date of termination for the greater of (i) the remainder of the
term  of  the  Agreement  or  (ii)  twelve  (12)  months  after the date of such
termination  of  employment.  The  Company  shall  also pay Employee the Accrued
Obligations.

TERMINATION  DUE  TO  DEATH  OR  DISABILITY.  If  Employee's employment and this
Employment  Agreement  are  terminated  due  to  his  death  or  Disability  (as
hereinafter  defined),  the  Company  shall  continue to pay to Employee (or the
estate  of  Employee  in  the event of termination due to the death of employee)
Employee's  then-current  base  salary for six (6) months after the date of such
termination of employment.  In the event of termination by the Company by reason
of  Employee's  death  or  Disability,  the  Company  will  pay  all  medical,
hospitalization  or  disability  premiums  for  six  (6) months from the date of
termination  at  the  same  cost-sharing  basis as in effect on the date of such
termination.  Unless  required  by  law,  the  benefits  provided  under  this
sub-paragraph  shall  be  no  less  favorable  to  Employee in terms of amounts,
deductibles and costs to him, if any, than such benefits provided by the Company
to  him  prior  to his death or Disability and shall not be interpreted so as to
limit  any  benefits to which Employee, as a terminated employee of the Company,
or  his  family  may  be  entitled  under the Company's life insurance, medical,
hospitalization  or  disability plans following his Date of Termination or under
applicable  law.


<PAGE>
DEFINITIONS.  In  addition  to  the  words  and  terms elsewhere defined in this
Employment  Agreement,  certain  capitalized  words  and  terms  used  in  this
Employment  Agreement  shall  have the meanings given to them by the definitions
and  descriptions in this Section entitled Definitions unless the context or use
indicates  another  or different meaning or intent, and such definition shall be
equally  applicable  to  both  the  singular  and  plural  forms  of  any of the
capitalized  words  and terms herein defined.  The following words and terms are
defined  terms  under  this  Employment  Agreement:

     1.   "Disability"  shall  mean  a  physical or mental illness which, in the
          judgment  of  the Company after consultation with a licensed physician
          selected  by  the  Board,  and  as  to whom Employee has no reasonable
          objection,  impairs Employee's ability to perform any of the essential
          functions  of  his  position  under  this  Employment  Agreement as an
          employee  on  a full-time basis for three (3) consecutive months or an
          aggregate  period  of  three  (3) months out of any consecutive twelve
          (12)  months.  If  any  question  arises  as  to  whether  Employee is
          disabled,  upon  reasonable  request  therefor  by the Board, Employee
          shall  submit  to  reasonable  medical  examination for the purpose of
          determining  the  existence, nature and extent of any such disability.

     2.   A termination with "Cause" shall mean a termination of this Employment
          Agreement  by  reason  of  a  determination by two-thirds (2/3) of the
          members  of  the  Board  voting  that  Employee:

               a.   Has engaged in willful neglect (other than neglect resulting
                    from  his  incapacity  due to physical or mental illness) or
                    misconduct;

               b.   Has  engaged  in  conduct  the  consequences  of  which  are
                    materially  adverse to the Company, monetarily or otherwise;

               c.   Has  materially  breached  the  terms  of  this  Employment
                    Agreement  or  any change in control or similar agreement in
                    effect  between  Employee  and  the Company, and such breach
                    persisted  after  notice  thereof  from  the  Company  and a
                    reasonable  opportunity  to  cure;  or

               d.   Has been convicted of (or has plead guilty or no contest to)
                    any  felony  other  than  a  traffic  violation.

     3.   "Good  Reason"  shall  mean  the  occurrence  of  any of the following
          without Employee's prior written consent during the Employment Period,
          which  occurrence  continues  for  ten  (10) days after written notice
          thereof  from  Employee  to  the  Board:

               a.   Any  material  adverse  change  in Employee's status, title,
                    authorities  or  responsibilities  under  this  Employment
                    Agreement  which  represents  a  demotion  from such status,
                    title,  authorities or responsibilities which are materially
                    inconsistent  with  his  status,  title,  position  or  work
                    responsibilities  set forth in this Employment Agreement, or
                    any  removal of Employee from, or failure to appoint, elect,
                    reappoint  or  reelect  Employee  to,  any of his positions,
                    except  in connection with the termination of his employment
                    with  or  without  Cause,  or  as  a  result of his death or
                    Disability,  provided,  however,  that  no  change in title,
                    authorities  or  responsibilities  customarily  attributable
                    solely  to  the  Company  ceasing  to  be  a publicly traded
                    corporation  shall  constitute  Good  Reason  hereunder;

               b.   The  exclusion  of Employee in any incentive, bonus or other
                    compensation plan in which Employee participated at the time
                    that  this  Employment  Agreement  is  executed,  unless  an
                    equitable  arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or
                    alternative  plan) has been made with respect to the failure
                    to  continue  such  plan,  or  the failure by the Company to
                    continue  Employee's participation therein, or any action by
                    the  Company  which  would directly or indirectly materially
                    reduce  his  participation  therein  or reward opportunities
                    thereunder;  provided,  however,  that Employee continues to
                    meet  all  eligibility requirements thereof. Notwithstanding
                    the  foregoing,  this  provision  shall  not  apply  to  the


<PAGE>
                    exclusion  of  Employee  in  any  incentive,  bonus or other
                    compensation plan in which Employee participated at the time
                    that  this  Employment  Agreement  is executed to the extent
                    that  such  termination  is  required  by  law;

               c.   Any  amendment, modification or termination of the Company's
                    Management  Incentive  Plan  which  materially and adversely
                    affects  Employee's  rights  thereunder.

               d.   The  failure  by  the  Company  to  continue  in  effect any
                    employee  benefit  plan  (including  any  medical,
                    hospitalization,  life  insurance or disability benefit plan
                    in  which  Employee  participates),  or  any material fringe
                    benefit  or  prerequisite enjoyed by him unless an equitable
                    arrangement  (embodied  in  an  ongoing  substitute  or
                    alternative  plan) has been made with respect to the failure
                    to  continue  such  plan,  or  the failure by the Company to
                    continue  Employee's participation therein, or any action by
                    the  Company  which  would directly or indirectly materially
                    reduce  his  participation  therein  or reward opportunities
                    thereunder,  or  the  failure  by the Company to provide him
                    with  the  benefits  to  which  he  is  entitled  under this
                    Employment  Agreement;  provided,  however,  that  Employee
                    continues  to  meet  all  eligibility  requirements thereof.
                    Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  this  provision  shall not
                    apply  to  the exclusion of Employee in any employee benefit
                    plan  in  which  Employee participated at the time that this
                    Employment  Agreement  is  executed  to the extent that such
                    termination  is  required  by  law,  or  to  such failure to
                    continue  any  employee  benefit  plan or fringe benefit, or
                    Employee's  participation  therein  or  reward  opportunity
                    thereunder  if such failure to continue such plan or benefit
                    is  applicable  to  the  Company's executive officers and/or
                    employees  generally  ;

               e.   Any  material breach by the Company of any provision of this
                    Employment  Agreement;

               f.   The  failure  of  the  Company  to  obtain  a  reasonably
                    satisfactory  agreement  from any successor or assign of the
                    Company  to  assume  and  agree  to  perform this Employment
                    Agreement,  as  contemplated  in  the  Section  entitled
                    SUCCESSORS  hereof;  or

               g.   any  termination  by  Employee  during  the  thirty (30)-day
                    period  immediately  following  the first anniversary of the
                    date  of  any  Change  in Control (as defined herein) of the
                    Company.

     4.   "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred upon:

               a.   the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
                    with  or  into  another  entity  or  any  other  corporate
                    reorganization,  if  more  than  50%  of the combined voting
                    power  of  the  continuing  or surviving entity's securities
                    outstanding  immediately after such merger, consolidation or
                    other  reorganization  is  owned  by  persons  who  were not
                    stockholders  of  the  Company  immediately  prior  to  such
                    merger,  consolidation  or  other  reorganization; provided,
                    however,  that a public offering of the Company's securities
                    shall  not  constitute  a  corporate  reorganization;

               b.   the  sale,  transfer,  or  other  disposition  of  all  or
                    substantially  all  of  the  Company's  assets;

               c.   a  change  in  the  composition of the Board, as a result of
                    which  fewer  than  50%  of  the  incumbent  directors  are
                    directors  who  either (x) had been directors of the Company
                    on  the  date  24 months prior to the date of the event that
                    may  constitute  a  Change  of  Control  (the  "original
                    directors")  or (y) were elected, or nominated for election,
                    to  the  Board  with  the  affirmative  votes  of at least a
                    majority of the aggregate of the original directors who were
                    still  in  office  at the time of the election or nomination
                    and  the  directors  whose  election  or  nomination  was
                    previously  so  approved;  or


<PAGE>
               d.   any  transaction  as  a  result  of  which any person is the
                    "beneficial  owner"  (as  defined  in  Rule  13d-3 under the
                    Exchange  Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
                    Company representing more than 50% of the total voting power
                    represented  by  the  Company's  then  outstanding  voting
                    securities.  For  purposes  of  this paragraph 4.d, the term
                    "person"  shall  have  the  same  meaning  as  when  used in
                    sections  13(d)  and  14(d)  of  the Exchange Act, but shall
                    exclude  (x) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
                    under  an  employee  benefit  plan  of  the  Company or of a
                    Subsidiary  and  (y)  a  corporation  owned  directly  or
                    indirectly  by  the  stockholders  of  the  Company  in
                    substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the
                    common  stock  of  the  Company.

     5.  "Accrued  Obligations" shall include (i) any unpaid base salary through
the  date  of  termination  and  any  accrued  vacation  in  accordance with the
Company's  policy;  (ii) any unpaid bonus earned with respect to any fiscal year
ending  on  or  prior  to  the  date of termination; (iii) reimbursement for any
unreimbursed  business  expenses  incurred  through the date of termination; and
(iv)  all  other  payments, benefits or fringe benefits to which Employee may be
entitled  under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit,
equity  or fringe benefit plan or program or grant or this Employment Agreement.

NOTICES.  For  the  purposes of this Employment Agreement, notices and all other
communications  provided for in the Employment Agreement shall be in writing and
shall  be  deemed  to  have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by
certified  mail,  return  receipt  requested,  postage  prepaid, or by expedited
(overnight)  courier  with  established national reputation, shipping prepaid or
billed  to  sender,  in  either  case addressed to the respective addresses last
given by each party to the other (provided that all notices to the Company shall
be  directed  to  the  attention  of  the  Chairman,  Board,  with a copy to the
Secretary  of  the  Company)  or  to such other address as either party may have
furnished  to  the  other  in  writing  in accordance herewith.  All notices and
communication  shall  be  deemed  to  have been received on the date of delivery
thereof,  or  on  the second day after deposit thereof with an expedited courier
service,  except  that  notice of change of address shall be effective only upon
receipt.

     -    Company at: 300 East Mallard Drive, Suite 300, Boise, Idaho 83706.

     -    Employee at: 300 East Mallard Drive, Suite 300, Boise, Idaho 83706.

LIFE  INSURANCE.  The  Company  may,  at  any  time  after the execution of this
Employment  Agreement,  apply  for and procure as owner and for its own benefit,
life  insurance  on  Employee,  in such amounts and in such form or forms as the
Company may determine.  Employee shall, at the request of the Company, submit to
such  medical  examinations, supply such information, and execute such documents
as may be required by the insurance company or companies to whom the Company has
applied for such insurance.  Employee hereby represents that to his knowledge he
is  in excellent physical and mental condition and is not under the influence of
alcohol,  drugs  or  similar  substance.

CONFIDENTIALITY.  Employee  agrees  not  to  disclose or reveal to any person or
entity outside the Company any secret or confidential information concerning any
Company  product,  process,  equipment, machinery, design, formula, business, or
other  activity  (collectively,  "Confidential  Information")  without  prior
permission  of  Company  in writing.  Confidential Information shall not include
any  information which is in the public domain or becomes publicly known through
no  wrongful act on the part of Employee or breach of this Employment Agreement.
Employee  acknowledges  that  the  Confidential Information is vital, sensitive,
confidential  and  proprietary  to  the  Company.  The obligation to protect the
secrecy  of  such  information  continues  after  employment with Company may be
terminated.  In  furtherance  of  this agreement, Employee acknowledges that all
Confidential  Information  which  Employee  now  possesses,  or  shall hereafter
acquire,  concerning  and  pertaining to the business and secrets of the Company
and  all  inventions  or  discoveries  made  or developed, or suggested by or to
Employee during said term of employment relating to Company's business shall, at
all  times and for all purposes, be regarded as acquired and held by Employee in
his  fiduciary  capacity  and  solely  for  the  benefit  of  Company.

Employee  agrees  that  all  inventions,  innovations,  improvements,  technical
information,  systems,  software  developments,  methods,  designs,  analyses,
drawings,  reports,  service  marks,  trademarks,  trade  names,


<PAGE>
logos  and  all  similar  or  related  information  (whether  patentable  or
unpatentable)  which  relate  to  the  Company's  or  any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates' actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing
or  future  products  or  services and which are conceived, developed or made by
Employee (whether or not during usual business hours and whether or not alone or
in  conjunction  with any other person) while employed by the Company (including
those conceived, developed or made prior to the date of this Agreement) together
with  all patent applications, letters patent, trademark, trade name and service
mark  applications or registrations, copyrights and reissues thereof that may be
granted for or upon any of the foregoing (collectively referred to herein as the
"Work  Product"),  belong in all instances to the Company or its subsidiaries or
affiliates.  Employee  will promptly perform all actions reasonably requested by
the Board (whether during or after his employment with the Company) to establish
and  confirm  the Company's or its subsidiaries or affiliates' ownership of such
Work  Product  (including,  without  limitation,  the  execution and delivery of
assignments,  consents, powers of attorney and other instruments) and to provide
reasonable  assistance  to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates
in  connection with the prosecution of any applications for patents, trademarks,
trade  names, service marks or reissues thereof or in the prosecution or defense
of  interferences  relating  to  any  Work  Product.

COVENANT  NOT  TO  COMPETE.  Employee  acknowledges that his employment with the
Company  has  special,  unique  and extraordinary value to the Company; that the
Company  has  a  lawful  interest in protecting its investment in entrusting its
Confidential  Information  to  him;  and  that  the Company would be irreparably
damaged  if  Employee  were  to  provide  services  to  any  person or entity in
violation  of  this  Employment  Agreement  because  in performing such services
Employee  would  inevitably  disclose  the Company's Confidential Information to
third  parties  and  that  the restrictions, prohibitions and other provision of
this Section are reasonable, fair and equitable in scope, terms, and duration to
protect  the  legitimate  business  interests of the Company, and are a material
inducement  to  the  Company  to  enter  into  this  Employment  Agreement.

     1.   Non-Competition. Without the consent in writing of the Board, Employee
          will  not,  during  the  Employment Agreement and, in the event of the
          termination  of  Employee's  employment by the Company for Cause or by
          Employee without Good Reason, for a period of two (2) years after such
          termination  of  employment if employment is terminated by the Company
          for  Cause  or  by  Employee  without  Good Reason, acting alone or in
          conjunction  with  others,  directly  or  indirectly engage (either as
          owner, investor, partner, stockholder, employer, employee, consultant,
          advisor or director) in activities on behalf of any entity or entities
          engaged  in  waste  processing  and  disposal  services  for low-level
          radioactive-wastes,  naturally  occurring,  accelerator  produced, and
          exempt  radioactive  materials,  and  hazardous  and PCB wastes. It is
          agreed  that the ownership of not more than five percent of the equity
          securities  of  any company having securities listed on an exchange or
          regularly  traded in the over-the-counter market shall not, of itself,
          be  deemed  inconsistent  with  this  sub-paragraph.

     2.   Non-Solicitation  of  Vendors  and  Customers.  Without the consent in
          writing  of  the Board, after Employee's employment has terminated for
          any reason, Employee will not, during the Employment Agreement and for
          a  period  of  one  (1)  year  thereafter (two (2) years thereafter if
          employment  is  terminated  by  the  Company  for Cause or by Employee
          without  Good  Reason),  acting  alone  or in conjunction with others,
          either  directly  or indirectly induce any vendors or customers of the
          Company to curtail or cancel their business with the Company or any of
          its  subsidiaries.

     3.   Non-Solicitation  of  Employees. Without the consent in writing of the
          Board,  after  Employee's  employment  has  terminated for any reason,
          Employee will not, during the Employment Agreement and for a period of
          one  (1)  year thereafter, acting alone or in conjunction with others,
          either  directly  or  indirectly  induce, or attempt to influence, any
          employee  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its subsidiaries to terminate
          his/her  employment.

The  provisions of the Section entitled CONFIDENTIALITY hereof and subparagraphs
(1),  (2),  and  (3)  of  this  paragraph  are separate and distinct commitments
independent  of  each  of  the  other  subparagraphs.  Employee


<PAGE>
acknowledges  that  the  covenants  and  agreements  which  he  has made in this
Employment  Agreement  are  reasonable  and  are  required  for  the  reasonable
protection  of  the Company and its business. Employee agrees that the breach of
any  covenant or agreement contained herein will result in irreparable injury to
the  Company  and  that, in addition to all other remedies provided by law or in
equity with respect to the breach of any provision of this Employment Agreement,
the  Company  and  its  successors  and  assigns will be entitled to enforce the
specific  performance by Employee of his obligations hereunder and to enjoin him
from  engaging in any activity in violation hereof and that no claim by Employee
against  the  Company  or its successors or assigns will constitute a defense or
bar  to  the  specific enforcement of such obligations. Employee agrees that the
Company  and  any  successor or assign shall be entitled to recover all costs of
enforcing  any  provision  of  this  Employment  Agreement,  including,  without
limitation,  reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of litigation. In the event of
a  breach by Employee of any covenant or agreement contained herein, the running
of  the  restrictive  covenant  periods  (but  not  of  Employee's  obligations
hereunder)  shall  be  tolled during the period of the continuance of any actual
breach  or  violation.

In  addition,  the  Company  may,  at  the sole discretion of the Board, cancel,
rescind,  suspend,  withhold  or  otherwise  limit  or  restrict  any unexpired,
unexercised  stock  options  and any bonus payouts under the Company's Long-Term
Incentive  Plan  granted  to  Employee,  whether  vested  or not, at any time if
Employee is not in compliance with all of the provisions of the Section entitled
CONFIDENTIALITY  hereof  and  subparagraphs (1), (2), and (3) of the immediately
preceding  paragraph.  As a condition to the exercise of any stock option or the
receipt  of any such bonus payout, Employee shall certify to the Company that he
is  in  compliance  with  the  provisions  set  forth  above.  In the event that
Employee  fails  to  comply  with  the provisions set forth above in the Section
entitled  CONFIDENTIALITY  hereof and subparagraphs (1), (2) and (3) prior to or
within  12 months after any exercise of a stock option or payment by the Company
with  respect to any stock options or bonus payout, such exercise or payment may
be  rescinded  by the Company within 12 months thereafter.  In the event of such
rescission, Employee shall pay to the Company the amount of any gain realized or
payment  received  as  a  result  of  the rescinded exercise or payment, in such
manner  and  on such terms and conditions as may be required by the Company, and
the  Company  shall  be  entitled to set-off against the amount of such gain any
amount  owed  to  Employee  by  the  Company.  Employee  acknowledges  that  the
foregoing  provisions  are  fair, equitable and reasonable for the protection of
the  Company's  interests  in  a  stable  workforce and the time and expense the
Company  has  incurred  to  develop  its  business  and  its customer and vendor
relationships.

PRIOR  EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENTS.  Employee represents and warrants that Employee's
performance  of all the terms of this Employment Agreement and as an employee of
the Company does not, and will not, breach any employment agreement, arrangement
or  understanding  or  any  agreement,  arrangement  or understanding to keep in
confidence  proprietary  information  acquired  by  Employee in confidence or in
trust  prior  to Employee's employment by the Company.  Employee has not entered
into,  and  shall  not  enter into, any agreement, arrangement or understanding,
either  written  or oral, which is in conflict with this Employment Agreement or
which  would  be  violated  by  Employee  entering  into,  or  carrying  out his
obligations  under,  this  Employment  Agreement.  This  Employment  Agreement
supersedes any former oral agreement and any former written agreement heretofore
executed  relating  generally  to  the  employment of Employee with the Company;
provided,  however,  that  nothing in this Section shall be deemed to terminate,
supersede,  extinguish or otherwise amend any outstanding stock options or stock
option  agreements  currently  in  effect  between  Employee  and  the  Company.

SUCCESSORS.  This  Employment  Agreement shall be binding on the Company and any
successor  to  any  of its businesses or assets.  Without limiting the effect of
the  prior  sentence,  the  Company  shall  use  its best efforts to require any
successor  or  assign  (whether  direct  or  indirect,  by  purchase,  merger,
consolidation  or  otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets  of  the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Employment
Agreement  in  the  same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
required  to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place.  As
used  in  this  Employment  Agreement,  "Company"  shall  mean  the  Company  as
hereinbefore  defined  and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets
as  aforesaid  which  assumes and agrees to perform this Employment Agreement or
which  is  otherwise  obligated  under  this  Employment  Agreement by the first
sentence of this Section, entitled Successors, by operation of law or otherwise.


<PAGE>
BINDING  EFFECT.  This Employment Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable  by  Employee's personal representatives, executors, administrators,
successors,  heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  If Employee should die
while any amounts would still be payable to him hereunder if he had continued to
live,  all  such  amounts,  unless  otherwise  provided herein, shall be paid in
accordance  with  the  terms  of this Employment Agreement to Employee's estate.

HEADINGS.  Headings  used  in this Employment Agreement are for convenience only
and  shall  not  be  used  to  interpret  or  construe  its  provisions.

WAIVER.  No  provision  of this Employment Agreement may be waived or discharged
unless  such  waiver  or  discharge  is  agreed  to in writing and signed by the
Chairman  of  the  Board  or any other member of the Board to which the Chairman
delegates  such  authority.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any
breach  by  the  other  party  hereto  of,  or compliance with, any condition or
provision of this Employment Agreement to be performed by such other party shall
be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same
or  at  any  prior  or  subsequent  time.

AMENDMENTS.  No  amendments  or  variations  of the terms and conditions of this
Employment  Agreement shall be valid unless the same is in writing and signed by
the  parties  hereto.

SEVERABILITY.  The  invalidity  or  unenforceability  of  any  provision of this
Employment  Agreement,  whether in whole or in part, shall not in any way affect
the validity and/or enforceability of any other provision contained herein.  Any
invalid  or  unenforceable  provision shall be deemed severable to the extent of
any  such invalidity or unenforceability.  It is expressly understood and agreed
that  while the Company and Employee consider the restrictions contained in this
Employment  Agreement  reasonable  for the purpose of preserving for the Company
the  good  will,  other  proprietary rights and intangible business value of the
Company,  if  a  final  judicial  determination  is  made  by  a  court  having
jurisdiction  that  the  time or territory or any other restriction contained in
this  Employment  Agreement  is  an  unreasonable  or  otherwise  unenforceable
restriction  against  Employee,  the  provisions  of  such  clause  shall not be
rendered  void  but  shall  be  deemed  amended  to apply as to maximum time and
territory  and  to  such  other extent as such court may judicially determine or
indicate  to  be  reasonable.

GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Employment  Agreement  shall  be  construed  and enforced
pursuant  to  the  laws  of  the  State  of  Idaho.

DISPUTE  RESOLUTION.

     1.  The  Company  and Employee agree to resolve all disputes arising out of
     their  employment  relationship  by  the  following  alternative  dispute
     resolution  process:  (a) the Company and Employee agree to seek a fair and
     prompt negotiated resolution; but if this is not possible, (b) all disputes
     shall  be  resolved  by  binding  arbitration;  provided,  that during this
     process,  at the request of either party, made not later than 60 days after
     the initial arbitration demand, the parties agree to attempt to resolve any
     dispute  by  non-binding,  third-party  intervention,  including  either
     mediation  or  evaluation  or  both  but  without  delaying the arbitration
     hearing date. By entering into this Employment Agreement, both parties give
     up  their  right  to  have the dispute decided in court by a judge or jury.

     2.  Any  controversy  or  claim arising out of or connected with Employee's
     employment  at  the  Company,  including  but  not  limited  to  claims for
     compensation  or  severance and claims of wrongful termination, age, sex or
     other  discrimination  or  civil rights shall be decided by arbitration. In
     the  event  the  parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, then the arbitrator
     shall  be  selected  by  the  administrator  of  the  American  Arbitration
     Association ("AAA") office in Salt Lake City, Utah. The arbitrator shall be
     an  attorney with at least 15 years' experience in employment law in Idaho.
     Boise,  Idaho  shall  be  the  site  of  the  arbitration.  All statutes of
     limitation,  which  would  otherwise  be  applicable,  shall  apply  to any
     arbitration  proceeding hereunder. Any issue about whether a controversy or
     claim  is  covered  by this Employment Agreement shall be determined by the
     arbitrator.


<PAGE>
     3.  The  arbitration  shall be conducted in accordance with this Employment
     Agreement, using as appropriate the AAA Employment Dispute Resolution Rules
     in  effect  on  the  date  hereof. The arbitrator shall not be bound by the
     rules  of  evidence  or  of  civil  procedure, but rather may consider such
     writings  and oral presentations as reasonable business people would use in
     the  conduct  of  their day-to-day affairs, and may require both parties to
     submit some or all of their respective cases by written declaration or such
     other  manner  of  presentation  as  the  arbitrator  may  determine  to be
     appropriate.  The  parties  agree  to  limit  live  testimony  and
     cross-examination  to  the  extent  necessary  to  ensure a fair hearing on
     material  issues.

     4.  The  arbitrator  shall  take  such  steps as may be necessary to hold a
     private  hearing within 120 days of the initial request for arbitration and
     to  conclude  the  hearing  within  two  days; and the arbitrator's written
     decision  shall  be made not later than 14 calendar days after the hearing.
     The  parties  agree  that  they have included these time limits in order to
     expedite  the  proceeding,  but  they  are  not  jurisdictional,  and  the
     arbitrator  may for good cause allow reasonable extensions or delays, which
     shall  not  affect  the  validity  of the award. Both written discovery and
     depositions  shall  be  allowed.  The  extent  of  such  discovery  will be
     determined  by  the  parties and any disagreements concerning the scope and
     extent  of  discovery  shall  be  resolved  by  the arbitrator. The written
     decision  shall  contain  a brief statement of the claim (s) determined and
     the  award  made  on  each  claim.  In  making  the decision and award, the
     arbitrator shall apply applicable substantive law. The arbitrator may award
     injunctive  relief  or  any  other remedy available from a judge, including
     consolidation of this arbitration with any other involving common issues of
     law  or  fact  which may promote judicial economy, and may award attorneys'
     fees  and  costs  to  the prevailing party, but shall not have the power to
     award  punitive  or  exemplary damages. The parties specifically state that
     the  agreement  to  limit  damages  was  agreed  to  by  the  parties after
     negotiations.

ATTORNEY  FEES.

     1.  In  any  action at law or in equity to enforce any of the provisions or
     rights  under  this  Employment  Agreement,  the unsuccessful party to such
     litigation,  as determined by the arbitrator in accordance with the dispute
     resolution  provisions  set  forth above, shall pay the successful party or
     parties all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred therein
     by  such  party  or  parties  (including,  without  limitation, such costs,
     expenses and fees on appeal), and if such successful party or parties shall
     recover judgment in any such action or proceeding, such costs, expenses and
     attorneys'  fees  shall  be  included  as  part  of  such  judgment.

     2.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing  provision,  in  no  event  shall  the
     successful  party  or  parties  be  entitled  to recover an amount from the
     unsuccessful party for costs, expenses and attorneys' fees that exceeds the
     unsuccessful  party's  or  parties'  costs, expenses and attorneys' fees in
     connection  with  the  action  or  proceeding.


<PAGE>
EXECUTIVE  OFFICER STATUS.  Employee acknowledges that he may be deemed to be an
"executive  officer"  of the Company for purposes of the Securities Act of 1993,
as amended (the "1933 Act"), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  "1934 Act") and, if so, he shall comply in all respects with all the rules
and  regulations  under  the  1933  Act  and the 1934 Act applicable to him in a
timely  and  non-delinquent manner.  In order to assist the Company in complying
with  its obligations under the 1933 Act and 1934 Act, Employee shall provide to
the  Company  such  information  about  Employee as the Company shall reasonably
request  including, but not limited to, information relating to personal history
and  stockholdings.  Employee  shall  report  to the Secretary of the Company or
other  designated  officer of the Company all changes in beneficial ownership of
any  shares  of  the  Company's  Common Stock deemed to be beneficially owned by
Employee  and/or  any  members of Employee's immediate family.  Employee further
agrees  to  comply with all requirements placed on him by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of  2002,  Pub.L.  No.107-204

PRONOUNS.  All  pronouns  and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to
the  masculine,  feminine,  neuter,  singular, or plural, as the identity of the
person  or  entity  may  require.  As  used  in this agreement: (1)


<PAGE>
words  of the masculine gender shall mean and include corresponding neuter words
or  words  of  the  feminine  gender,  (2)  words in the singular shall mean and
include  the plural and vice versa, and (3) the word "may" gives sole discretion
without  any  obligation  to  take  any  action.

COUNTERPARTS.  This  Employment  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which
together  shall  constitute  but  one  document.

EXHIBITS.  Any Exhibits attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference and
are  an  integral  part  of  this  Employment  Agreement.


<PAGE>
IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Employment  Agreement has been duly executed by the
Company  and  Employee  as  of  the  date  first  above  written.

                                            EMPLOYEE:

                                            ----------------------------------

                                            AMERICAN ECOLOGY CORPORATION

                                            By:
                                               -------------------------------
                                            Name:
                                                 -----------------------------
                                            Its:
                                                ------------------------------


<PAGE>
                          BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION FORM

I  hereby  designate  the  following person or persons as Beneficiary to receive
severance  and  any  management  incentive bonus payments due under the attached
Employment  Agreement  made  and  entered  into  as  of the _____________ day of
January,  2003,  between American Ecology Corporation and me, in the event of my
death,  reserving  the  full  right to revoke or modify this designation, or any
modification thereof, at any time by a further written designation:

PRIMARY BENEFICIARY


-------------------------------     ----------------------        --------------
Name of Individual                  Relationship to Me            Birth Date
                                                                  (if minor)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address

-----------------------------------------------           ----------------------
Name of Trust                                             Date of Trust


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trustee

Provided,  however,  that if such Primary Beneficiary shall not survive me by at
least sixty (60) days, the following shall be the Beneficiary:

CONTINGENT BENEFICIARY


-------------------------------     ----------------------        --------------
Name of Individual                    Relationship to Me          Birth Date
                                                                  (if minor)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address


-------------------------------     ----------------------        --------------
Name of Individual                    Relationship to Me          Birth Date
                                                                  (if  minor)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address

This  beneficiary designation shall not affect any other beneficiary designation
form  that  I  may  have  on file with the Company regarding benefits other than
those  referred  to  above.

Date:
     ----------------------


---------------------------------           ------------------------------------
Employee's Printed Name                     Employee's Signature


<PAGE>
NOTE:  If  Employee  is  married,  and  the  Primary  Beneficiary  is other than
Employee's spouse, the spouse's signature shall be required below.

I  am  the  spouse  of  the  above-named  Employee,  and  hereby  consent to the
designation of a Primary Beneficiary other than myself.

Date:
     ---------------------


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
