<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cooagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(Y)
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(y)
                         SEVERANCE PROTECTION AGREEMENT

     THIS SEVERANCE  PROTECTION AGREEMENT is made and effective as of October 1,
2002,  by and  between  Invacare  Corporation,  an  Ohio  corporation  with  its
principal place of business at One Invacare Way, Elyria,  Ohio 44036 ("Invacare"
or the "Company"), and Gerald B. Blouch (the "Executive").
WITNESSETH:
     WHEREAS, Executive is considered a key employee of the Company; and
     WHEREAS,  the Company desires to retain and motivate  Executive  consistent
with the terms of this Agreement; and
     WHEREAS,  the  Company  and  Executive,  in  order  to  insure  Executive's
continued  attention  and  dedication  to his  duties,  desire to  execute  this
Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof;
     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  promises and  covenants
contained herein, the Company and Executive agree as follows:
     1. Acknowledgement of Position.  The Company currently employs Executive as
President and Chief  Operating  Officer of the Company,  having those duties and
responsibilities,  and the authority, customarily possessed by the President and
Chief Operating  Officer of a major  corporation  and such additional  duties as
have been and may be  assigned  to him from time to time by the Chief  Executive
Officer  and/or the Board of Directors of the Company  (the  "Board")  which are
consistent  with the  positions of President  and Chief  Operating  Officer of a
major  corporation.  Service by Executive on the boards of other companies shall
not be deemed to be a violation of this  Agreement,  provided  such service does
not significantly  interfere with the confidentiality  provisions or performance
of his duties hereunder.
     2. Termination of Employment.
          A.  Termination  Due  to  Death  or  Disability.  In  the  event  that
     Executive's  employment  with the Company is terminated due to his death or
     disability as defined in Section 3 hereof, respectively,  his estate or his
     beneficiaries,  as the case may be,  shall be entitled  to any  payments or
     benefits  (including  salary,  etc.)  accrued  but  unpaid  at the  time of
     Executive's  termination  due to his death or  disability,  all as  payable
     under Company plans in effect at the time of termination. If Executive dies
     or becomes  disabled during the term of this  Agreement,  the duties of the
<page>
     Company  and  Executive,  one to the  other,  under  this  Agreement  shall
     terminate as of the date of Executive's death, except as provided above.
          B.  Termination  by the Company for Cause or  Resignation by Executive
     other than for Good Reason.  Upon  Executive's  resignation  other than for
     "Good  Reason"  as  defined  in  Section  3, or  upon  the  termination  of
     Executive's  employment by the Company for "Cause" as defined in Section 3,
     Executive shall be entitled to any payments or benefits  accrued but unpaid
     at the  time  of  Executive's  termination  by the  Company  for  Cause  or
     resignation by Executive  other than for Good Reason,  all as payable under
     Company plans in effect at the time of termination.
          C.  Termination  by the Company other than for Cause or Resignation of
     Executive  for Good Reason.  Upon  Executive's  termination  by the Company
     other than for  "Cause" as  defined in Section 3 of this  Agreement,  or by
     Executive  for "Good  Reason" as described in Section 3 of this  Agreement,
     Executive shall be entitled to the following amounts and benefits:
               (i) Compensation  payable to the extent of three times the amount
          of Executive's then applicable  annual base salary to be paid in three
          (3) equal annual  installments  commencing 30 days after  cessation of
          employment;
               (ii)  75% of  Executive's  target  bonus  for the  year in  which
          employment   terminates   to  be  paid  in  three  (3)  equal   annual
          installments commencing 30 days after cessation of employment;
               (iii) Any  then-outstanding  stock  option  grant or award  shall
          immediately  vest in full as of the date of  termination of employment
          (notwithstanding any provision therein contained); and
               (iv) The exercise period of any unexercised stock option shall be
          extended  until  the  earlier  of two  (2)  years  after  the  date of
          termination of employment or expiration of the option (notwithstanding
          any provision  therein  contained).  In addition,  Executive  shall be
          permitted to exercise any such option by means of a cashless  exercise

                                       2
<page>
          program,  so long as (a) such program is allowed under all  applicable
          laws and regulations, and (b) the Company is not required to recognize
          additional compensation expense as a result thereof.
               In the event Executive violates any of the Restrictive Covenants,
          as defined in Section 11 of this Agreement,  Executive shall no longer
          be entitled to receive any further cash severance  amounts pursuant to
          subclauses  (i) and (ii) above,  and thereafter  subclauses  (iii) and
          (iv) shall terminate and instead, the treatment of Executive's options
          will be  governed  by the terms of the  option  plans  and  agreements
          thereunder.
     3. Definitions.
               A. Disability.
               The  term  "disability"  as  used in this  Agreement  shall  mean
          Executive's  inability,  due to a mental  or  physical  condition,  to
          continue to provide services to the Company  substantially  consistent
          with past  practice for a period of at least  ninety (90)  consecutive
          days,  as evidenced by a written  certification  as to such  condition
          from a physician designated by Executive and reasonably  acceptable to
          the Board.
               B. Good Reason.
               Executive  shall have "Good Reason" to terminate  his  employment
          under  this  Agreement  if one or more  of the  events  listed  in (a)
          through  (f) of this  Section  occurs  and,  based  upon  that  event,
          Executive  gives notice of his intention to terminate  his  employment
          effective on a date that is within 90 days of the  occurrence  of that
          event:
                    (i) Executive is subjected to Demotion or Removal;
                    (ii)  Executive's  Annual Base Salary,  which shall mean his
               salary  for  the  most  recent  fiscal  year of the  Company,  is
               reduced;
                    (iii) Executive's  opportunity for incentive compensation as
               an officer or employee  of the Company is reduced  from the level
               of his opportunity for such incentive  compensation for the prior
               year, without his prior written consent;
                    (iv)  Executive is excluded from full  participation  in any
               benefit plan or arrangement  maintained for senior  executives of
               the Company generally;

                                       3
<page>
                    (v)   Executive   determines   in  good   faith   that   his
               responsibilities,  duties, or authority as an officer or employee
               of the Company are at any time materially reduced from those then
               currently held by him and the shortfall or reduction has not been
               cured  within 90 days  after the  Executive  gives  notice to the
               Board of  Directors  of the Company of his  election to terminate
               his  employment  for Good  Reason  based upon that  shortfall  or
               reduction; or
                    (vi) Executive's  principal place of employment is relocated
               more than 35 miles from One Invacare  Way,  Elyria,  Ohio without
               his prior written consent.
               C. Cause.
               The  employment  of  Executive  by the  Company  shall  have been
          terminated for "Cause" if any of the following has occurred:
                    (i) Executive shall have been convicted of a felony;
                    (ii)  Executive   commits  an  act  or  series  of  acts  of
               dishonesty  in the  course of  Executive's  employment  which are
               materially  inimical  to the best  interests  of the  Company and
               which  constitutes the commission of a felony,  all as determined
               by the vote of  three-fourths  of all of the members of the Board
               (exclusive  of the  Executive,  if the Executive is a Director of
               the  Company),  which  determination  is  confirmed by a panel of
               three  arbitrators  appointed and acting in  accordance  with the
               rules of the American Arbitration  Association for the purpose of
               reviewing that determination;
                    (iii)  any   federal  or  state   regulatory   agency   with
               jurisdiction  over the Company has issued a final order,  with no

                                       4
<page>
               further  right of  appeal,  that has the  effect  of  suspending,
               removing,  or barring Executive from continuing his service as an
               officer or Director of the Company;
                    (iv) after  being  notified in writing by the Board to cease
               any   particular    Competitive    Activity,    Executive   shall
               intentionally  continue  to engage in such  Competitive  Activity
               while Executive remains in the employ of the Company; or
                    (v) Executive shall fail to devote his full business time to
               the  business of the Company  (excluding  for these  purposes any
               services   performed  for  any   charitable   organizations,   or
               organizations   where  he  is   participating  as  the  Company's
               representative),  which failure continues after 30 days following
               the Company's notice to Executive specifying such failure, during
               which time he will have the right to cure.
               E. Demotion or Removal.
                    Executive   shall  be  deemed  to  have  been  subjected  to
               "Demotion or Removal" if (other than by voluntary  resignation or
               with Executive's  written  consent)  Executive ceases to hold the
               highest position as an  employee/officer  of Invacare held by him
               at any time during the  effectiveness  of this Agreement with all
               of the duties,  authority, and responsibilities of that office as
               in effect at any time during the effectiveness of this Agreement.
               F. Competitive Activity.
                    Executive  shall be deemed to have  engaged in  "Competitive
               Activity"  if  Executive  engages  in any  business  or  business
               activity (other than as a Director,  officer,  or employee of the
               Company) that violates Section 7 hereof.
     4. Notice of Termination.
     Any  termination of  Executive's  employment by the Company or by Executive
shall be  communicated  by  written  Notice of  Termination  to the other  party
hereto,  which  shall set  forth the  effective  date of such  termination  (not
earlier than the date of mailing, or delivery by other means, of the notice).
     5. Expenses.
     In the event either party to this Agreement  shall be forced to enforce the
terms of this Agreement,  the party  successfully  enforcing such terms shall be
entitled to  reimbursement  of its reasonable legal and accounting fees from the
other party hereto.
     6. Term; Change of Control.
     This  Agreement's  term shall begin on the effective date written above and
shall  terminate  three (3) years  thereafter or upon a Change of Control of the

                                       5
<page>
Company as defined in the Change of Control  Agreement between Executive and the
Company  dated as of April 1,  2000,  as the  same may be  amended  ("Change  of
Control Agreement");  provided, however, that if such Change in Control does not
occur, then the term of this Agreement automatically shall extend for additional
one (1) year terms  unless  terminated  by either  party upon  ninety  (90) days
written notice.  For purposes of this Agreement,  "Change in Control" shall have
the meaning ascribed to it in the above referenced Change of Control  Agreement.
The  Company  and  Executive  acknowledge  that if a Change of  Control  occurs,
Executive  will  thereafter be protected to the extent and on the terms provided
in the Change of Control Agreement.
     7. Noncompetition.
     Executive  agrees  that from the date  hereof  until the end of the two (2)
year period  commencing  on the date of his  cessation  of  employment  with the
Company  or the two (2) year  period  after the last  payment  due to  Executive
hereunder,  whichever occurs later (the "Noncompetition  Period"),  he will not,
either directly or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever,  (a) compete with the
Company by  soliciting  any  customer of the  Company by whatever  method or (b)
operate,  control, advise, be employed and/or engaged by, perform any consulting
services  for,  invest in (other than the  purchase of no more than 5 percent of
the publicly  traded  securities of a company whose  securities  are traded on a
national  stock  exchange)  or otherwise  become  associated  with,  any person,
company or other  entity  who or which,  at any time  during the  Noncompetition
Period,  competes with the Company.  As used above,  "compete" is defined as the
marketing, distribution or sale of products substantially similar to or directly
competitive with those sold by the Company in any geographical area in which the
Company maintains  offices,  sales agents,  has customers or otherwise  conducts
business, at the time of Executive's cessation of employment.  Executive further
expressly   represents  and  understands  that  if  Executive's   employment  is
terminated,  this Agreement will prohibit  Executive from future employment with
all major companies that compete with the Company, as defined in this Agreement,
and as such, will constrain some of Executive's overall possibilities for future
employment.  By Executive's  signature to this  Agreement,  Executive  expressly
represents that his training, education and background are such that his ability
to earn a living shall not be impaired by the restriction in this Agreement.

                                       6
<page>
     8. Nondisclosure.
     Executive  agrees at all times to hold as secret and  confidential  (unless
disclosure  is required  pursuant to court order,  subpoena,  in a  governmental
proceeding,  arbitration,  or pursuant to other  requirement of law) any and all
proprietary   knowledge,    technical    information,    business   information,
developments,  trade  secrets and  confidences  of the Company or its  business,
including,  without limitation,  (a) information or business secrets relating to
the products,  customers,  business, conduct or operations of the Company or any
of its respective clients,  customers,  consultants or licensees; and (b) any of
the Company's  customer  lists,  pricing and purchasing  information or policies
(collectively,  "Confidential Information"),  of which he has acquired knowledge
during or after his employment with the Company, to the extent that such matters
(i) have not previously been made public or are not thereafter made public by or
through the Executive,  or (ii) do not otherwise  become available to Executive,
in either case, via a source not bound by any confidentiality obligations to the
Company.  The phrase  "made  public" as used in this  Agreement  shall  apply to
matters  within  the domain of the  general  public or the  Company's  industry.
Executive agrees not to use, directly or indirectly,  such knowledge for his own
benefit  or for  the  benefit  of  others  and  not  to  disclose  any  of  such
Confidential  Information  without the prior written consent of the Company.  At
the  cessation  of  employment  with the Company,  Executive  agrees to promptly
return to the Company any and all written Confidential Information received from
the Company which  relates in any way to any of the  foregoing  items covered in
this paragraph and to destroy any  transcripts  or copies  Executive may have of
such  Confidential  Information  unless an alternative  method of disposition is
approved by the Company.
     9. Nonsolicitation/Noninterference/Nondisparagement.
     Executive  agrees  that  during the  period  that is  coterminous  with the
Noncompetition Period (the  "Nonsolicitation  Period"), he will not at any time,
without  the prior  written  consent  of the  Company,  directly  or  indirectly
solicit,  induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any employee,  former employee
(as herein defined), agent, consultant,  or other significant  representative of
the  Company  for  the  purpose  of  providing  employment  opportunities  or to
terminate such  individual's  relationship  with the Company.  Executive further
covenants  and agrees  that,  during the  Nonsolicitation  Period,  he will not,
without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, induce
or attempt to induce any actual or  prospective  customers  or  suppliers of the
Company to  terminate,  alter or change  its  relationship  with the  Company or

                                       7
<page>
otherwise  interfere  with any  relationship  between the Company and any of its
actual or prospective suppliers or customers. A "former employee" shall mean any
person  who was  employed  by the  Company  at any time  during the one (1) year
period prior to Executive's cessation of employment with the Company.  Executive
further  covenants that at all times after  cessation of his employment with the
Company,  Executive  shall  refrain from making any  statements  (whether  oral,
written or electronic) to any person or organization, including, but not limited
to, members of the press and media, and other members of the public, which would
disparage the Company or its officers, Directors or affiliates.
     10. Intellectual Property Assignment.
     Executive agrees that all ideas, improvements,  computer programs, code, or
flowcharts,  inventions,  and  discoveries  that  are  directly  related  to the
business of the Company  either as  previously  conducted or as conducted at any
time  during  Executive's  employment,  that  Executive  may  have  made or that
Executive may make or conceive, alone or jointly with others, prior to or during
Executive's  employment  with the  Company  shall be the  sole  property  of the
Company, and Executive agrees:
          (A) to promptly disclose any such ideas, improvements, inventions, and
     discoveries to the Company; and
          (B) to treat such ideas, improvements,  inventions, and discoveries as
     the trade secrets of the Company; and
          (C)  not  to  disclose  such  ideas,  improvements,   inventions,  and
     discoveries to anyone,  both during and after  Executive's  employment with
     the Company, without the Company's prior written approval.
Executive hereby assigns all of Executive's right, title and interest, in and to
any such ideas, improvements, inventions, or discoveries, including any
potential patent rights and any additional rights conferred by law upon
Executive as the author, designer, or inventor thereof, to (a) vest full title
in the idea, improvement, invention, or discovery in the Company, and (b) to
enable the Company to seek, maintain or enforce patent or other protection
thereon anywhere in the world.
     Executive  agrees  that the  Company is the  author  (owner) of any work of
authorship or copyrightable  work ("Work") created by Executive,  in whole or in

                                       8
<page>
part, during Executive's  employment by the Company and directly relating to the
business of the Company as  previously  conducted  or as  conducted  at any time
during  Executive's  employment.  Executive  acknowledges  that each writing and
other literary Work , each drawing and other  pictorial  and/or graphic Work and
any audio-visual Work,  created by Executive,  in whole or in part, and directly
relating to his position or responsibilities  with the Company has been prepared
by Executive  for the Company as a Work for hire.  Executive  agrees that in the
event that such Work is not considered Work for hire,  Executive  hereby assigns
all  copyright  and any other rights  conferred in law unto  Executive in and to
such Work to the Company.  Executive  agrees that at the request of the Company,
Executive will execute any documents deemed necessary by the Company to (a) vest
full title to the Work in the  Company,  and (b) enable the Company to register,
maintain,  or enforce  copyrights in the Work  anywhere in the world.  Executive
will  treat any such  Work as the  trade  secrets  of the  Company  and will not
disclose  it to anyone  both  during  and after  Executive's  employment  by the
Company, without the Company's prior written approval.
     11. Severability.
     In the event  that  Sections  7, 8, 9 or 10 (the  "Restrictive  Covenants")
hereof  shall be found by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  invalid or
unenforceable  as written as a matter of law, the parties hereto agree that such
court(s) may exercise its discretion in reforming such  provision(s)  to the end
that   Executive   shall   be   subject   to   noncompetition,    nondisclosure,
nonsolicitation/noninterference,   nondisparagement  and  intellectual  property
assignment covenants that are reasonable under the circumstances and enforceable
by the Company.
     12. Acknowledgment.
     Executive  specifically  acknowledges  that the  Restrictive  Covenants are
reasonable,  appropriate,  and necessary as to duration,  scope,  and geographic
area in view of the nature of the relationship between Executive and the Company
and the  investment  by the Company of  significant  time and  resources  in the
training,  development,  and  employment  of Executive.  Executive  warrants and
represents  that in the  event  that  any of the  Restrictive  Covenants  become
operative,  he will be able to engage in other  activities  for the  purpose  of
earning a livelihood, and shall not be impaired by these restrictions.
     Executive  further  acknowledges  that the  remedy at law for any breach of
these  covenants,  including  monetary  damages  to  which  the  Company  may be
entitled,  will be  inadequate  and  that the  Company,  its  successors  and/or

                                       9
<page>
assigns, shall be entitled to injunctive relief against any breach without bond.
Such injunctive  relief shall not be exclusive,  but shall be in addition to any
other rights or remedies which the Company may have for any such breach.
     Executive  further  acknowledges  that he is an "at will"  employee  of the
Company and nothing  expressed  or implied in this  Agreement  shall  create any
right or duty on the part of the Company or Executive to have Executive continue
as an officer of the Company or to remain in the employment of the Company.
     14. Limitation of Payment.
     Notwithstanding  anything in this Agreement to the contrary,  if receipt of
any of the benefits  hereunder would subject Executive to tax under Section 4999
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or similar successor  statute)
(hereafter "Section 4999"), the Company shall promptly pay to Executive a "gross
up" amount that would allow the Executive to receive the net after-tax amount he
would have received but for the application of said Section 4999 to any payments
hereunder, including any payments made pursuant to this Section 14.
     15. Successor to Invacare.
     The Company shall not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation,
or  transfer  all or  substantially  all of its assets to  another  corporation,
unless such other  corporation  shall assume this  Agreement in a signed writing
and deliver a copy thereof to  Executive.  Upon such  assumption,  the successor
corporation  shall become  obligated to perform the  obligations  of the Company
under this Agreement and the term  "Company" as used in this Agreement  shall be
deemed to refer to such successor corporation.
     16. Notices.
     Notices and all other  communications  provided for in this Agreement shall
be in  writing  and shall be deemed to have been duly given  when  delivered  in
person or by  confirmed  facsimile  transmission  (Chairman  of the Board of the
Company in the case of notices to the  Company and to  Executive  in the case of
notices to the  Executive) or mailed by United States  registered  mail,  return
receipt  requested,  postage  prepaid,  addressed  as follows  (or to such other
address as may be specified in accordance herewith):

                                       10
<page>
                           If to Company:
                                    Invacare Corporation
                                    899 Cleveland Street
                                    P.O. Box 4028
                                    Elyria, OH 44036-2125
                                    Attention: Chairman of the Board

                           If to Executive:
                                    Gerald B. Blouch
                                    30700 Lake Road
                                    Bay Village, Ohio  44140

     17. Entire Agreement; Supercession.
     Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Agreement, including
its attachments,  contains the entire agreement  between the parties  concerning
the subject  matter hereof and  incorporates  and  supersedes  any and all prior
discussions  or  agreements,  written  or oral,  the  parties  may have had with
respect to such  subject  matter;  provided,  however,  that except as expressly
provided  otherwise  herein,  nothing in this Agreement  shall affect any rights
Executive or anyone claiming through Executive may have in respect of either (a)
any  employee  benefit  plan  which  provides  benefits  to or in respect of the
Executive or (b) any other agreements the Executive may have with the Company or
an Affiliate,  including the Change of Control  Agreement,  except to the extent
any such employee  benefit plan or other agreement  provides  benefits which are
duplicative of those provided under this Agreement.
     18. Post-Mortem Payments; Designation of Beneficiary.
     In the event that, following the termination of Executive's employment with
the Company,  the Executive is entitled to receive any payments pursuant to this
Agreement and Executive  dies,  such payments  shall be made to the  Executive's
beneficiary  designated  hereunder.  At any time  after  the  execution  of this
Agreement,  the Executive may prepare,  execute,  and file with the Secretary of
the  Company a copy of the  Designation  of  Beneficiary  form  attached to this
Agreement as Exhibit A. Executive  shall  thereafter be free to amend,  alter or
change such form;  provided,  however,  that any such  amendment,  alteration or
change shall be made by filing a new  Designation of  Beneficiary  form with the
Secretary  of  the  Company.  In  the  event  Executive  fails  to  designate  a
beneficiary,  following  the death of  Executive  all  payments  of the  amounts
specified  by this  Agreement  which  would  have been  paid to the  Executive's
designated  beneficiary  pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall  instead be paid to

                                       11
<page>
Executive's  spouse, if any, if she survives Executive or, if there is no spouse
or she does not survive Executive, to Executive's estate.
     19. Representations and Warranties of the Company.
     The Company  represents and warrants to Executive that (i) the Company is a
corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing,  and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Ohio; (ii) the Company has the power and authority to enter
into and carry out this  Agreement,  and there  exists no  contractual  or other
restriction upon its so doing; (iii) the Company has taken such corporate action
as is  necessary  or  appropriate  to enable it to enter  into and  perform  its
obligations under this Agreement; and (iv) this Agreement constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company,  enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms.
     20. Governing Law.
     All questions  concerning the construction,  validity and interpretation of
this  Agreement  and the  exhibits  hereto will be governed by and  construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to
any choice of law or conflict of law  provision or rule (whether of the State of
Ohio or any other  jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of
any jurisdiction other than the State of Ohio.
     21. Assignment.
     Neither the Company nor Executive  shall assign this Agreement  without the
prior written consent of the other party hereto.
     22. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Waivers.
     This  Agreement  contains the entire  agreement  between the parties hereto
with  respect to the  subject  matter  hereof and  replaces  or  supersedes  any
previous  agreements on such subject matter.  It may not be changed orally,  but
only by agreement,  in writing,  signed by each of the parties hereto. The terms
or  covenants  of this  Agreement  may be waived  only by a  written  instrument
specifically  referring  to  this  Agreement,  executed  by  the  party  waiving
compliance. Any such waiver, amendment or modification on behalf of the Company,
unless otherwise specified herein, may be authorized either by a simple majority
of the  Board  (excluding  Executive  for all  purposes)  or a  majority  of the
Compensation  Committee members. The failure of the Company at any time, or from
time to time, to require  performance  of any of Executive's  obligations  under
this  Agreement  shall in no manner  affect the  Company's  right to enforce any

                                       12
<page>
provision of this Agreement at a subsequent  time; and the waiver by the Company
of any right arising out of any breach shall not be construed as a waiver of any
right arising out of any subsequent breach.
     23. Headings.
     The headings in this  Agreement  are  intended  solely for  convenience  of
reference and shall be given no effect in the construction or  interpretation of
this Agreement.
     24. Counterparts.
     This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts each of which shall
be deemed an original but all of which  together  shall  constitute  one and the
same document.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.


                                                       INVACARE CORPORATION
                                                       "Invacare"

                                                        /s/A. Malachi Mixon,III
                                                           ---------------------
                                                           A. Malachi Mixon, III
                                                           Chairman of the Board


                                                        GERALD B. BLOUCH
                                                        "Executive"

                                                        /s/GERALD B. BLOUCH
                                                           ---------------------



                                       13
<PAGE>


                                    Exhibit A
                        to Severance Protection Agreement

                           DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY


To:      Invacare Corporation
         Attention:  Secretary

     I, the  undersigned  Gerald B.  Blouch,  am a party to a certain  Severance
Protection Agreement with Invacare Corporation, an Ohio corporation, dated as of
October 1, 2002 (the "Agreement").  Pursuant to the Agreement,  I have the right
to  designate  a person or persons  to  receive,  in the event of my death,  any
amounts that might become payable to me under the Agreement.  I hereby  exercise
this right and direct that,  upon my death,  any amounts payable to me under the
Agreement  shall  be  distributed  in the  proportions  set  forth  below to the
following person(s) if he, she or they survive me, namely:


Beneficiary                       Relationship                    Percent Share
-------------------------         -------------------------       -------------
Gerald B. Blouch
Revocable Trust


     If none of the above-designated  person(s) survives me, any amounts payable
under the Agreement shall be distributed to Gerald B. Blouch Revovable Trust.
     Any and all  previous  designations  of  beneficiary  made by me are hereby
revoked,  and  I  hereby  reserve  the  right  to  revoke  this  designation  of
beneficiary.

Date: October 6, 2002                 /s/ Gerald B. Blouch
                                          ----------------
                                          Gerald B. Blouch





                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
