<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>changecontrol.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(V)
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(v)

                                FORM OF AGREEMENT

     This AGREEMENT  ("Agreement"),  is made as of the ____ day of ____________,
20--,  between  INVACARE  CORPORATION,  an Ohio  corporation  ("Invacare"),  and
____________ (the "Executive").

     Invacare is entering into this  Agreement in  recognition of the importance
of the  Executive's  services to the  continuity  of  management of Invacare and
based upon its  determination  that it will be in the best interests of Invacare
to  encourage  the  Executive's   continued  attention  and  dedication  to  the
Executive's  duties in the potentially  disruptive  circumstances  of a possible
Change of Control of Invacare.  (As used in this Agreement,  the term "Change of
Control" and certain other  capitalized terms have the meanings ascribed to them
in Section 9 hereof.)

     Invacare and the Executive agree,  effective as of the date first set forth
above (the "Effective Date"), as follows:

     1.  Retention   Bonus  if  Executive  is  Employed  by  Invacare  on  First
Anniversary of the Date of a Change of Control.  If, following the occurrence of
a Change of Control,  the Executive  continues to be employed by Invacare on the
first  anniversary  of the date of the Change of Control,  Invacare shall pay to
the Executive, within ten business days after such first anniversary, a lump-sum
amount equal to the sum of (a) the  Executive's  Annual Base Salary plus (b) the
Executive's Target Bonus.

     2. Severance Benefits if Employment is Terminated in Certain  Circumstances
Within Three Years of a Change of Control.  If, within three years following the
occurrence of a Change of Control,  the Executive's  employment with Invacare is
terminated by Invacare for any reason other than Cause, Disability, or death, or
by the Executive  for Good Reason,  this Section 2 shall become  applicable  and
Invacare shall pay to the Executive the amounts  specified in Sections 2.1, 2.2,
and 2.3 on the dates  indicated  therein and shall  provide to the Executive the
benefits specified in Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7 for the respective periods
specified  therein,  and shall cause certain  rights of the Executive to vest as
provided in Sections 2.7 and 2.8.

     2.1 Lump Sum Severance Benefit. Invacare shall pay to the Executive, within
ten business days after the Termination Date, a lump sum severance benefit equal
to (a) minus (b) below where:

          (a) equals  three  times the sum of (i) the  Executive's  Annual  Base
     Salary plus (ii) the Executive's Target Bonus; and

          (b) equals the  amount,  if any,  paid to the  Executive  pursuant  to
     Section 1 above.

     2.2 401(k) Profit Sharing.  Invacare shall pay to the Executive,  within 60
days after the  Termination  Date,  a lump sum amount  equal to three  times the
highest amount of total contributions (including both matching contributions and
Profit  Sharing  Contributions)  made by Invacare to the Invacare  401(k) Profit
Sharing Plan with respect to the Executive for any single plan year ending on or
after the date that is three years before the date of the Change of Control.

     2.3 SERP.  Invacare  shall pay to the  Executive,  within 60 days after the
Termination  Date,  a lump sum  amount  equal  to the  amount  by which  (a) the
actuarial  equivalent  of the annual SERP  Benefit  that would have been payable
<page>
under Section 6.7 of the Invacare Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan, as in
effect on the Termination Date, calculated as though the Executive had continued
in the employ of Invacare through the third  anniversary of the Termination Date
with  annual  compensation  for each of those  three  years equal to the highest
annual  compensation  received by the Executive  from  Invacare  during any year
ending on or after the date that is three years before the date of the Change of
Control, exceeds (b) the actuarial equivalent of the annual SERP Benefit that is
payable under that Section 6.7 taking into account only  Executive's  employment
with Invacare through the Termination Date.

     2.4 Insurance Benefits.  Invacare shall provide to the Executive,  from the
Termination  Date  through  the  third  anniversary  of  the  Termination  Date,
continuing  coverage under health,  life, and disability  insurance  programs at
least equal in all respects to the highest  level of such  coverage  provided by
Invacare  to the  Executive  at any time  during the period  beginning  one year
before the Change in Control and ending on the Termination Date.

     2.5 Club Dues.  During the period  from the  Termination  Date  through the
third anniversary of the Termination Date,  Invacare shall continue to reimburse
the Executive for club dues on at least as favorable basis as the most favorable
basis in effect at any time  during the  period  beginning  one year  before the
Change of Control and ending on the Termination Date.

     2.6  Automobile.  During the period from the  Termination  Date through the
third anniversary of the Termination Date, Invacare shall continue to provide to
the  Executive  an  automobile  (and  reimbursement  for  mileage,  maintenance,
insurance,  repairs,  and similar  items) on at least as favorable  basis as the
most favorable basis in effect at any time during the period  beginning one year
before the Change of Control and ending on the Termination Date.

     2.7 Stock  Options.  In respect of all options to purchase  Invacare  stock
that have been previously  granted to the Executive pursuant to any stock option
plan or  arrangement  sponsored  by  Invacare,  and  notwithstanding  any  other
provision  to the contrary  contained  in any stock option plan or  arrangement,
Invacare shall cause such options:

          (a) to become exercisable in full as of the Termination Date; and

          (b) to  continue to be  exercisable  until the earlier to occur of the
     second  anniversary of the  Termination  Date or the expiration date of the
     option; and

          (c)  to  be  exercisable   (and/or  to  satisfy  any  tax  withholding
     requirements  in connection  with the exercise of the options) using shares

                                       2
<page>
     of Invacare common stock  previously  owned by the Executive  and/or shares
     subject to the options being exercised as  consideration  in lieu of a cash
     payment or other  arrangement,  but only if any such exercise of the option
     would not result in Invacare  being required to take a charge in respect of
     such  exercise  in  determining  its net  income for  financial  accounting
     purposes.

     2.8 Vesting of Certain Rights.  Invacare shall cause the Executive's rights
under  (a) the  Invacare  401(k)  Profit  Sharing  Plan,  and  (b) the  Invacare
Supplemental  Executive  Retirement Plan, to become, as of the Termination Date,
immediately vested.

     2.9 Death of the Executive.  In the event of the  Executive's  death at any
time from the Termination Date through the third  anniversary of the Termination
Date,  then,  assuming any applicable  conditions  precedent set forth above are
satisfied:

          (a) the amount  described  in Section 1, to the extent not paid to the
     Executive,  shall  be  paid  to the  Beneficiary  as  soon  as  practicable
     following the Executive's death;

          (b) the amount described in Section 2.1, to the extent not paid to the
     Executive,  shall  be  paid  to the  Beneficiary  as  soon  as  practicable
     following the Executive's death;

          (c) the amount described in Section 2.2, to the extent not paid to the
     Executive,  shall  be  paid  to the  Beneficiary  as  soon  as  practicable
     following the Executive's death;

          (d) the amount described in Section 2.3, to the extent not paid to the
     Executive,  shall  be  paid  to the  Beneficiary  as  soon  as  practicable
     following the Executive's death;

          (e) any  person  who  would  have been  entitled  to  coverage  as the
     Executive's  dependent (or otherwise  because of the Executive's  coverage)
     under any health insurance program  maintained by Invacare (as described in
     Section 2.4) shall continue to be provided with such coverage as though the
     Executive had survived  through the third  anniversary  of the  Termination
     Date;

          (f) the  benefits  described in Sections 2.5 and 2.6 shall cease to be
     provided  on the first to occur of either  (i) the 60th day  following  the
     Executive's death or (ii) the third anniversary of the Termination Date;

          (g)  such  persons  as may be  entitled  thereto  shall  receive  such
     benefits as may be provided under any Employee  Benefit Plans in accordance
     with the terms of such Employee Benefit Plans;

          (h)  such  persons  as may be  entitled  thereto  shall  receive  such
     benefits as may be provided  under any other  agreement  the  Executive may
     have with  Invacare or an  Affiliate  including,  without  limitation,  any
     agreement relating to options to purchase Invacare stock.

                                       3
<page>
     2.10 Alternate Form of Benefit. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of
this  Section 2, to the  extent the  Executive  cannot,  as a matter of law,  or
pursuant to the customs or policies of any  insurance  underwriter,  realize any
benefit  or  advantage  described  above  in  this  Section  2,  or if  Invacare
reasonably  believes  that  providing  the  Executive  with any such  benefit or
advantage  would be  economically  disadvantageous  because doing so would cause
Invacare to lose tax or other benefits,  Invacare shall notify the Executive and
shall pay to the Executive an additional  amount which shall,  taking account of
any federal,  state and local income taxes  incurred by the Executive in respect
of such  payments,  place the  Executive in the same  position,  on an after-tax
basis, as though he had realized such benefit or advantage;  provided,  further,
that the amount of any payment to the Executive pursuant to the preceding clause
shall be calculated at the Company's  cost and expense by the  Accounting  Firm,
and its  determination  of such amount  shall be final and binding upon both the
Executive  and Invacare,  and the Executive and Invacare  shall each provide the
Accounting Firm with such  information as it may reasonably  request in order to
calculate any such amount.

     3. Excess Parachute Payment Gross-Up.

     3.1 Potential  for Excess  Parachute  Payments.  Invacare and the Executive
acknowledge  that,  following  a Change  of  Control,  one or more  payments  or
distributions  to be made by  Invacare  to or for the  benefit of the  Executive
(whether paid or payable or distributed or  distributable  pursuant to the terms
of this  Agreement,  under  some  other  plan,  agreement,  or  arrangement,  or
otherwise) (a "Payment") may be determined to be an "excess  parachute  payment"
that is not  deductible  by Invacare  for Federal  income tax  purposes and with
respect to which the  Executive  will be  subject  to an excise  tax  because of
Sections 28OG and 4999, respectively,  of the Internal Revenue Code. If benefits
become  payable to the Executive  under Sections 1 or 2 of this  Agreement,  the
Accounting Firm, which shall make all  determinations  required to be made under
this Section 3, shall determine whether any Payment would be an excess parachute
payment  and  shall  communicate  its  determination,   together  with  detailed
supporting  calculations,  to Invacare and to the Executive within 30 days after
the Termination Date or such earlier time as is requested by Invacare.  Invacare
and the Executive  shall  cooperate with each other and the Accounting  Firm and
shall provide  necessary  information so that the  Accounting  Firm may make all
such  determinations.  Invacare shall pay all of the fees of the Accounting Firm
for services performed by the Accounting Firm as contemplated in this Section 3.

     3.2  Gross-Up  of  Payments.   If  any  Payment  gives  rise,  directly  or
indirectly,  to  liability  on the part of the  Executive  for  excise tax under
Section 4999 of the Internal  Revenue Code,  Invacare shall make additional cash
payments  to the  Executive,  from  time to time  and at the same  time,  as any
Payment  constituting  an excess  parachute  payment is paid or  provided to the
Executive (or as soon  thereafter as is practicable  and, in any event, no later
than March 15 of the calendar  year which follows the calendar year in which the
excess parachute payment was made or provided to the Executive), in such amounts
as are necessary to put the Executive in the same position, after payment of all
federal,  state,  and local taxes  (whether  income  taxes,  excise  taxes under
Section 4999 of the Code or otherwise,  or other taxes),  as the Executive would
have been in after payment of all federal,  state, and local income taxes if the
Payments had not given rise to an excise tax under  Section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

                                       4
<page>
     4. Other Benefits.

     4.1  Reimbursement of Certain Expenses After a Change of Control.  Invacare
shall pay, as incurred,  all expenses  incurred by the Executive,  including the
reasonable fees of counsel engaged by the Executive, in respect of enforcing the
Executive's  rights  hereunder  and/or defending any action brought to have this
Agreement declared invalid or unenforceable.

     4.2 Incapacity of Executive. If, after a Change of Control and prior to the
Termination  Date, the Executive is unable to perform  services for Invacare for
any period by reason of accidental bodily injury or sickness,  Invacare will pay
and  provide  to the  Executive  all  compensation  and  benefits  to which  the
Executive  would have been entitled had the  Executive  continued to be actively
employed by Invacare  through the earliest of the following dates: (a) the first
date on which the Executive is again capable of performing services for Invacare
consistent  with  past  practice,  or (b) the  date  on  which  the  Executive's
employment is terminated by Invacare by reason of Disability, or (c) the date on
which Invacare has paid and provided 36 months of  compensation  and benefits to
the Executive during the period of the Executive's  incapacity,  or (d) the date
of the Executive's death.

     5. No Set-Off;  No  Obligation  to Seek Other  Employment  or to  Otherwise
Mitigate Damages; No Effect Upon Other Plans.  Invacare's obligation to make the
payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations
hereunder  shall  not be  affected  by any  set-off,  counterclaim,  recoupment,
defense,  or  other  claim  whatsoever  which  Invacare  may  have  against  the
Executive. The Executive shall not be required to mitigate damages or the amount
of any payment  provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or
otherwise. The amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement shall not
be reduced by any compensation or benefits earned by the Executive as the result
of  employment by another  employer or otherwise  after the  termination  of the
Executive's employment.

     6. Taxes;  Withholding of Taxes.  Without limiting the right of Invacare to
withhold  taxes  pursuant to this Section 6, the Executive  shall be responsible
(after  taking into  account all payments to be made by Invacare to or on behalf
of the Executive under Sections 1 or 2 hereof) for all income, excise, and other
taxes (federal,  state,  city, or other) imposed on or incurred by the Executive
as a result of receiving  the payments  provided in this  Agreement,  including,
without  limitation,  the  payments  provided  under  Sections  1 or  2 of  this
Agreement. Subject to Section 3.1 hereof, Invacare may withhold from any amounts
payable  under this  Agreement  all  federal,  state,  city,  or other  taxes as
Invacare  shall  determine  to be  required  pursuant  to any law or  government
regulation or ruling. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Invacare
may withhold from any amount payable under any of Section 1 and/or  Sections 2.1
through 2.3 of this  Agreement  amounts  sufficient  to satisfy any  withholding
requirements  that may arise out of any benefit provided to or in respect of the
Executive by Invacare under Section 2 of this Agreement.

                                       5
<page>
     7. Term of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date
first  above  written  and  shall  thereafter  apply to any  Change  of  Control
occurring  on or before  December 31, 2000 or during any  succeeding  applicable
term,  and on  December  31, 2000 and on  December  31 of each  succeeding  year
thereafter (a "Renewal  Date"),  the term of this  Agreement,  if not previously
terminated, shall be automatically extended for an additional year unless either
party  has given  notice to the  other,  at least  one year in  advance  of that
Renewal  Date,  that the  Agreement  shall  not apply to any  Change of  Control
occurring after that Renewal Date.

     7.1 Termination of Agreement Upon Termination of Employment Before a Change
of Control.  This  Agreement  shall  automatically  terminate  on the first date
occurring  before a Change  of  Control  on which  the  Executive  is no  longer
employed  by  Invacare,  except  that,  for  purposes  of  this  Agreement,  any
termination of employment of the Executive that is effected before and primarily
in  contemplation  of a Change of Control that actually occurs after the date of
the  termination  shall  be  deemed  to  be a  termination  of  the  Executive's
employment as of the date immediately after that Change of Control.

     7.2 No Termination of Agreement  During Three Year Period Beginning on Date
of a Change of Control.  After a Change of Control,  this  Agreement  may not be
terminated.  However, if the Executive's  employment with Invacare continues for
more than three years following the occurrence of a Change of Control, then, for
all purposes of this  Agreement  other than Sections 1 and 3.1, that  particular
Change of Control shall thereafter be treated as if it never occurred.

     8. Miscellaneous.

     8.1 Successor to Invacare.  Invacare  shall not  consolidate  with or merge
into any other  corporation,  or transfer all or substantially all of its assets
to  another  corporation,  unless  such  other  corporation  shall  assume  this
Agreement in a signed writing and deliver a copy thereof to the Executive.  Upon
such assumption, the successor corporation shall become obligated to perform the
obligations of Invacare under this Agreement and the term  "Invacare" as used in
this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to such successor corporation.

     8.2  Notices.  Notices and all other  communications  provided  for in this
Agreement  shall be in writing  and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered  in person or by  confirmed  facsimile  transmission  (to the  General
Counsel of Invacare in the case of notices to Invacare  and to the  Executive in
the case of  notices to the  Executive)  or mailed by United  States  registered
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

                                       6
<page>

                           If to Invacare:

                                    Invacare Corporation
                                    One Invacare Way
                                    Elyria, OH 44035
                                    Attention: General Counsel

                           If to the Executive:

                                    ======================
                                    ----------------------

          or such other address as either party may have  furnished to the other
          in writing in  accordance  herewith,  except that notices of change of
          address shall be effective only upon receipt.

     8.3 Employment Rights. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall
create any right or duty on the part of  Invacare or the  Executive  to have the
Executive  continue as an officer of Invacare or to remain in the  employment of
Invacare.

     8.4   Administration.   Invacare  shall  be  responsible  for  the  general
administration  of this Agreement and for making  payments under this Agreement.
All fees and expenses  billed by the Accounting  Firm for services  contemplated
under this Agreement shall be the responsibility of Invacare.

     8.5 Source of Payments.  Any payment specified in this Agreement to be made
by Invacare may be made directly by Invacare solely from its general assets, and
the Executive shall have the rights of an unsecured general creditor of Invacare
with respect thereto.

     8.6 Validity.  The invalidity or  unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect.

     8.7  Modification;  Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be modified,
waived, or discharged unless such waiver,  modification,  or discharge is agreed
to in a writing signed by the Executive and Invacare.  No waiver by either party
hereto at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance  with, any
condition  or  provision  of this  Agreement to be performed by such other party
shall be deemed a waiver of similar or  dissimilar  provisions  or conditions at
the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.

     8.8  Entire  Agreement;  Supercession.  Except  as  otherwise  specifically
provided herein, this Agreement, including its attachments,  contains the entire
agreement  between  the  parties   concerning  the  subject  matter  hereof  and

                                       7
<page>
incorporates and supersedes any and all prior discussions or agreements, written
or oral, the parties may have had with respect to such subject matter; provided,
however,  that except as expressly  provided  otherwise  herein  nothing in this
Agreement shall affect any rights the Executive or anyone  claiming  through the
Executive  may have in  respect of either (a) any  Employee  Benefit  Plan which
provides  benefits to or in respect of the Executive or (b) any other agreements
the Executive  may have with Invacare or an Affiliate,  except to the extent any
such  Employee  Benefit  Plan or other  agreement  provides  benefits  which are
duplicative of those provided under this Agreement.

     8.9 Post-Mortem  Payments;  Designation of Beneficiary.  In the event that,
following the  termination of the  Executive's  employment  with  Invacare,  the
Executive is entitled to receive any payments pursuant to this Agreement and the
Executive  dies,  such  payments  shall be made to the  Executive's  Beneficiary
designated  hereunder.  At any time after the execution of this  Agreement,  the
Executive  may prepare,  execute,  and file with the  Secretary of the Company a
copy of the  Designation  of  Beneficiary  form  attached to this  Agreement  as
Exhibit A. The Executive shall thereafter be free to amend, alter or change such
form; provided, however, that any such amendment,  alteration or change shall be
made by filing a new  Designation of Beneficiary  form with the Secretary of the
Company. In the event the Executive fails to designate a beneficiary,  following
the  death of the  Executive  all  payments  of the  amounts  specified  by this
Agreement which would have been paid to the Executive's  designated  beneficiary
pursuant to this Agreement shall instead be paid to the Executive's  spouse,  if
any, if she  survives  the  Executive  or, if there is no spouse or she does not
survive the Executive, to the Executive's estate.

     8.10 Service with  Affiliates.  Any services the Executive  performs for an
Affiliate  shall  be  deemed  performed  for  Invacare.   Any  transfer  of  the
Executive's  employment  from Invacare to an Affiliate,  or from an Affiliate to
Invacare,  or from an  Affiliate  to  another  Affiliate  shall be deemed not to
constitute a termination of the Executive's employment with Invacare.

     8.11 Time  Periods.  Any action  required to be taken under this  Agreement
within a certain  number of days shall be taken  within  that number of calendar
days; provided,  however, that if the last day for taking such action falls on a
weekend or a holiday,  the period during which such action may be taken shall be
automatically  extended  to the next  business  day.  If the day for  taking any
action under this Agreement falls on a weekend or a holiday,  such action may be
taken on the next business day.

     8.12 Incorporation by Reference.  The incorporation  herein of any terms by
reference to another  document  shall not be affected by the  termination of any
agreement set forth in such other  document or the  invalidity of any provisions
thereof.

     8.13 Binding Effect;  Construction of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure
to  the   benefit   of  and  be   enforceable   by  the   Executive's   personal
representatives,  executors,  administrators,  successors,  heirs, and designees
(including,  without limitation,  the Beneficiary).  Upon the Executive's death,
for purposes of this Agreement, the term "Executive" shall be deemed to include,

                                       8
<page>
as applicable,  any person (including,  without limitation, the Beneficiary) who
is entitled to benefits under this Agreement following the Executive's death.

     8.14 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and
interpretation of this Agreement and the exhibits hereto will be governed by and
construed in  accordance  with the internal  laws of the State of Ohio,  without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether
of the State of Ohio or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Ohio.

     8.15  Representations  and Warranties of Invacare.  Invacare represents and
warrants to the  Executive  that (i) Invacare is a corporation  duly  organized,
validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio; (ii)
Invacare has the power and authority to enter into and carry out this Agreement,
and there exists no contractual or other  restriction  upon its so doing;  (iii)
Invacare  has taken such  corporate  action as is necessary  or  appropriate  to
enable it to enter into and perform its obligations  under this  Agreement;  and
(iv) this  Agreement  constitutes  the legal,  valid and binding  obligation  of
Invacare, enforceable against Invacare in accordance with its terms.

     9. Definitions.

     9.1  Accounting  Firm.  The term  "Accounting  Firm" means the  independent
auditors of Invacare for the fiscal year  preceding the year in which the Change
of Control occurred and such firm's successor or successors;  provided, however,
if such  firm is unable  or  unwilling  to serve  and  perform  in the  capacity
contemplated  by  this  Agreement,   Invacare  shall  select  another   national
accounting  firm of  recognized  standing to serve and perform in that  capacity
under this  Agreement,  except that such other  accounting firm shall not be the
then independent auditors for Invacare or any of its Affiliates.

     9.2 Affiliate.  The term "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any person
or entity,  any other person or entity which  controls,  is controlled by, or is
under common control with such person or entity.

     9.3 Annual Base Salary.  "Annual Base Salary" means the highest annual rate
of base  salary  payable by Invacare to the  Executive  at any time  between the
Effective Date and the Termination Date.

     9.4 Beneficiary. "Beneficiary" means the person designated by the Executive
as his  beneficiary  pursuant to Section 8.9 or such other person as  determined
pursuant to Section 8.9 hereof.

     9.5 Cause.  The  employment  of the  Executive by Invacare  shall have been
terminated  for  "Cause"  if,  after  a  Change  of  Control  and  prior  to the
termination of employment, any of the following has occurred:

          (a) the Executive shall have been convicted of a felony,

                                       9
<page>
          (b) the  Executive  commits an act or series of acts of  dishonesty in
     the course of the Executive's  employment which are materially  inimical to
     the best  interests of Invacare and which  constitutes  the commission of a
     felony,  all as  determined  by the  vote  of  three-fourths  of all of the
     members of the Board of Directors of Invacare (other than the Executive, if
     the Executive is a Director of Invacare),  which determination is confirmed
     by a panel of three arbitrators appointed and acting in accordance with the
     rules of the American Arbitration  Association for the purpose of reviewing
     that determination,

          (c) any  federal or state  regulatory  agency with  jurisdiction  over
     Invacare has issued a final order,  with no further  right of appeal,  that
     has the effect of  suspending,  removing,  or barring  the  Executive  from
     continuing his service as an officer or director of Invacare, or

          (d) after  being  notified  in  writing by the Board of  Directors  of
     Invacare to cease any particular  Competitive Activity, the Executive shall
     intentionally  continue to engage in such  Competitive  Activity  while the
     Executive remains in the employ of Invacare.

          9.6 Change of Control.  A "Change of Control"  shall be deemed to have
     occurred at the first time on which, after the Effective Date:

               (a) (1) There is a report filed on Schedule 13D or Schedule 14D-1
          (or any successor  schedule,  form, or report),  each as adopted under
          the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended,  disclosing  the
          acquisition,  in a transaction or series of transactions by any person
          (as the term "person" is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d)(2) of
          the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended),  other  than A.
          Malachi Mixon and/or any Affiliate of A. Malachi Mixon, of such number
          of shares of Invacare as entitles  that person to exercise 20% or more
          of the voting power of Invacare in the election of Directors and (2) a
          majority  of  those  members  of the  Board of  Directors  who are not
          individually  a party to an  agreement  which  is,  mutatis  mutandis,
          substantially   similar   to  this   Agreement   (the   "Disinterested
          Directors")    determine   that   the   acquisition   (the   "Reported
          Acquisition") is likely to result in a change in the effective control
          of Invacare; or

               (b)  During  any  period  of  24  consecutive   calendar  months,
          individuals  who  at the  beginning  of  such  period  constitute  the
          Directors of Invacare  cease for any reason to  constitute  at least a
          majority of the Directors of Invacare  unless the election of each new
          Director of Invacare  was  approved or  recommended  by the vote of at
          least two-thirds of the Directors of Invacare then still in office who
          were Directors of Invacare at the beginning of the period; or

               (c) There is a merger, consolidation,  combination (as defined in
          Section 1701.01(Q), Ohio Revised Code), majority share acquisition (as
          defined in Section  1701.01(R),  Ohio Revised Code),  or control share
          acquisition (as defined in Section  1701.01(Z)(1),  Ohio Revised Code,
          or in Invacare's Articles of Incorporation)  involving Invacare and as

                                       10
<page>
          a result of which the  holders  of  shares  of  Invacare  prior to the
          transaction become, by reason of the transaction,  the holders of such
          number of shares of the surviving or acquiring corporation as entitles
          them to exercise less than fifty percent (50 %) of the voting power of
          the surviving or acquiring  corporation  in the election of Directors;
          or

               (d) There is a sale, lease,  exchange,  or other transfer (in one
          transaction   or  a  series  of  related   transactions)   of  all  or
          substantially  all  of  the  assets  of  Invacare,  but  only  if  the
          transferee  of the assets in such  transaction  is not an Affiliate of
          Invacare; or

               (e) The shareholders of Invacare approve any plan or proposal for
          the liquidation or dissolution of Invacare, but only if the transferee
          of the assets of Invacare in such liquidation or dissolution is not an
          Affiliate of Invacare.

     If an event  described in any of Clauses (b), (c),  (d), and (e) occurs,  a
     Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred for all purposes of this
     Agreement and, except as provided in the last sentence of Section 7.2, that
     Change in Control shall be irrevocable. If an event described in Clause (a)
     occurs,  a Change  of  Control  (hereinafter,  sometimes  referred  to as a
     "Clause (a) Change of  Control")  shall be deemed to have  occurred;  but a
     Clause  (a) Change of Control  shall be subject to  reversal,  and shall be
     deemed to have  been  reversed  if,  on a  subsequent  date,  a two  thirds
     majority  of  the  Disinterested  Directors  determine  that  the  Reported
     Acquisition  is no longer  likely  to  result in a change in the  effective
     control of Invacare;  provided, that any such subsequent  determination may
     not be made after the Termination Date or after the occurrence of any event
     described in any of Clauses (b),  (c), (d), and (e). If a Clause (a) Change
     of Control is deemed to have been  reversed  as a result of the  two-thirds
     majority  determination  described above,  then, from and after the date of
     the  reversal,  that  Clause  (a) Change of  Control  shall be treated  for
     purposes of this Agreement as if it had never occurred.

     9.7 Competitive Activity.  The Executive shall be deemed to have engaged in
"Competitive  Activity"  if the  Executive  engages in any  business or business
activity (other than as a director,  officer,  or employee of Invacare) in which
Invacare engages as of the time of the notice provided in Section 9.5(d).

     9.8  Demotion  or  Removal.  The  Executive  shall be  deemed  to have been
subjected to "Demotion or Removal" if,  during the three year period  commencing
on the date of a Change of Control,  other than by Voluntary Resignation or with
the  Executive's  written  consent,  the  Executive  ceases to hold the  highest
position  held by him at any time during the one year period  ending on the date
of the Change of Control with all of the duties, authority, and responsibilities
of that office as in effect at any time during the one year period ending on the
date of the Change of Control.

     9.9 Disability.  For purposes of this Agreement, the Executive's employment
will have been terminated by Invacare by reason of "Disability" of the Executive
only if (a) as a result of accidental  bodily injury or sickness,  the Executive
has been unable to perform his normal  duties for  Invacare  for a period of 180
consecutive  days,  and (b) the Executive  begins to receive  payments under the

                                       11
<page>
executive long term disability plan sponsored by Invacare not later than 30 days
after the Termination Date.

     9.10  Employee  Benefit  Plan.  "Employee  Benefit  Plan" means any plan or
arrangement  defined as such in 29 U.S.C.ss.1002  which provides benefits to the
employees of Invacare or its Affiliates.

     9.11 Good Reason.  The Executive  shall have "Good Reason" to terminate his
employment  under this  Agreement  if, at any time after a Change of Control has
occurred and before the third anniversary of that Change of Control, one or more
of the events  listed in (a) through (f) of this Section 9.11 occurs and,  based
on that event,  the  Executive  gives notice of his  intention to terminate  his
employment effective on a date that is both (i) within 90 days of the occurrence
of that event and (ii) not later than the third  anniversary  of that  Change of
Control:

          (a) The Executive is subjected to Demotion or Removal; or

          (b) The Executive's Annual Base Salary is reduced; or

          (c) The Executive's  opportunity for incentive compensation is reduced
     from the level of his opportunity  for incentive  compensation as in effect
     immediately  before  the date of the Change of Control or from time to time
     thereafter; or

          (d) The Executive is excluded from full  participation  in any benefit
     plan or arrangement maintained for senior executives of Invacare generally;
     or

          (e) The Executive determines in good faith that his  responsibilities,
     duties,  or authority with Invacare are at any time materially less than or
     reduced from those held by him immediately before the Change of Control and
     the  shortfall  or  reduction  has not been cured  within 90 days after the
     Executive  gives  notice  to the  Board of  Directors  of  Invacare  of his
     election  to  terminate  his  employment  for Good  Reason  based upon that
     shortfall or reduction; or

          (f) The  Executive's  principal  place of  employment  for Invacare is
     relocated more than 35 miles from One Invacare Way, Elyria, Ohio.

     9.12  Internal  Revenue  Code. A reference to any provision of the Internal
Revenue  Code means that  provision of the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as
amended, and any successor provision, and any applicable regulations promulgated
thereunder.

     9.13 Target Bonus.  "Target Bonus" means the Executive's Annual Base Salary
multiplied  by the higher of (a) the target bonus  percentage  in effect for the
Executive  under  Invacare's  bonus  plan  during the  fiscal  year  immediately
preceding  the fiscal  year in which the Change of  Control  occurs,  or (b) the
target bonus  percentage in effect for the Executive under Invacare's bonus plan
during the fiscal year in which the Change of Control occurs.

                                       12
<page>
     9.14  Termination  Date.  "Termination  Date"  means  the date on which the
Executive's employment with Invacare terminates.

     9.15 Voluntary Resignation.  A "Voluntary  Resignation" shall have occurred
if  the  Executive  terminates  his  employment  with  Invacare  by  voluntarily
resigning  at his own  instance  without  having been  requested to so resign by
Invacare,  except that any resignation by the Executive will not be deemed to be
a Voluntary  Resignation if, at the time of that resignation,  the Executive had
Good Reason to resign.



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above.

                                                          INVACARE CORPORATION
                                                          ("Invacare")


                                                    By
                                                           --------------------





                                                            --------------------
                                                            (the "Executive")


                                       13
<PAGE>



             Schedule of Agreements with Current Executive Officers



Name                      Position                             Date of Agreement
----                      --------                             -----------------
A. Malachi Mixon, III     Chairman of the Board of Directors   April 1, 2000
                          and Chief Executive Officer
Gerald B. Blouch          President, Chief Operating Officer   April 1, 2000
Gregory C. Thompson       Senior Vice President and Chief      November 12, 2002
                          Financial Officer
Joseph B. Richey, II      President - Invacare Technologies,   April 1, 2000
                          Senior Vice President - Electronics
                          and Design Engineering
Louis F.J. Slangen        Senior Vice President - Sales &      April 1, 2000
                          Marketing
Diane J. Davie            Senior Vice President - Human        February 24, 2003
                          Resources
Kenneth A. Sparrow        President - Invacare Europe          April 1, 2000
Neal J. Curran            Vice President - Engineering and     April 1, 2000
                          Product Development
Michael A. Perry          Vice President - Distributed Products April 1, 2000



                                       S-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
