<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>indemnity.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10 (W)
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10(w)

                              INVACARE CORPORATION

                           FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT



     THIS  AGREEMENT  is  made as of the ___  day of  __________,  20--,  by and
between  INVACARE  CORPORATION,  an Ohio corporation  (the  "Corporation"),  and
_______________ ("Indemnitee"), a Director and an Officer of the Corporation.

     WHEREAS,  it is  essential  to the  Corporation  to retain  and  attract as
Directors  and/or  Officers  the  most  capable  persons   available,   such  as
Indemnitee; and

     WHEREAS,  the  prevalence of corporate  litigation  subjects  directors and
officers to expensive  litigation risks, and it is the policy of the Corporation
to  indemnify  its  Directors  and/or  Officers  so as to provide  them with the
maximum possible protection permitted by law; and

     WHEREAS, in addition,  because the statutory indemnification  provisions of
the Ohio Revised Code expressly provide that they are  non-exclusive,  it is the
policy of the Corporation to indemnify  Directors and Officers who, on behalf of
the Corporation,  have entered into settlements of derivative suits or have paid
judgments,  fines or  penalties  therefor,  provided  they have not breached the
applicable statutory standard of conduct; and

     WHEREAS,  Indemnitee  does not regard the  protection  available  under the
Corporation's  Code of  Regulations  and  insurance,  if any, as adequate in the
present  circumstances,  and  considers it necessary and desirable to his or her
service  as a  Director  and/or  Officer  to have  maximum  protection,  and the
Corporation  desires to provide such protection to induce Indemnitee to serve in
such capacity; and

     WHEREAS,  the Ohio Revised Code Section  1701.13(E)  and the  Corporation's
Code of Regulations  Article V(a) provide that  indemnification of Directors and
Officers  of the  Corporation  may  be  authorized  by  agreement,  and  thereby
contemplates  that  contracts  of this  nature may be entered  into  between the
Corporation  and Indemnitee with respect to  indemnification  of Indemnitee as a
Director or an Officer of the Corporation.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  for good and valuable  consideration,  the sufficiency and
adequacy of which is hereby  acknowledged,  the  Corporation  and  Indemnitee do
hereby agree as follows:

     1. Agreement to Serve. Indemnitee agrees to serve or continue to serve as a
Director  and/or  Officer  of the  Corporation  for so long as he or she is duly
elected  or  appointed  or  until  such  time  as he or she  tenders  his or her
resignation in writing or is otherwise terminated or removed from office.

     The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this
Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on the Corporation hereby in order
<page>
to induce  Indemnitee to continue to serve as a Director  and/or  Officer of the
Corporation,  and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in
continuing in such capacity.

     2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

     The term "Proceeding" shall include any threatened,  pending,  or completed
action,  suit  or  proceeding,  whether  brought  by  or in  the  right  of  the
Corporation  or otherwise and whether of a civil,  criminal,  administrative  or
investigative  nature, in which Indemnitee may be or may have been involved as a
party or otherwise,  by reason of the fact that  Indemnitee is or was a Director
and/or  Officer of the  Corporation  or any  subsidiary of the  Corporation,  by
reason of any action taken by  Indemnitee  or of any inaction on his or her part
while acting as such a Director and/or Officer, or by reason of the fact that he
or she is or was  serving  at the  request  of the  Corporation  as a  director,
officer,  member or  manager,  partner,  trustee,  employee  or agent of another
corporation,  domestic or foreign, non-profit or for-profit, a limited liability
company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise; in each case
whether or not he or she is acting or serving in any such  capacity  at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which  indemnification or reimbursement
can be provided under this Agreement.

     The  term  "Expenses"  shall  include,  without  limitation,   expenses  of
investigations,  judicial or administrative  proceedings or appeals,  attorneys'
fees  and   disbursements   and  any  expenses  of   establishing   a  right  to
indemnification  under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement,  but shall not include the
amount  of  judgments,  fines  or  penalties  against  or  settlements  paid  by
Indemnitee.

     References  to  "other  enterprise"  shall  include,   without  limitation,
employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include, without limitation,
any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to
"serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include,  without  limitation,
any service as a Director or Officer of the Corporation which imposes duties on,
or involves  services  by, such  Director or Officer with respect to an employee
benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries;  and a person who acted in good
faith and in a manner he or she reasonably  believed to be in the best interests
of the  participants  and  beneficiaries  of an employee  benefit  plan shall be
deemed to have  acted in a manner  "not  opposed  to the best  interests  of the
Corporation" as referred to in this Agreement.

     3. Indemnity in Third-Party  Proceedings.  The Corporation  shall indemnify
Indemnitee in accordance  with the  provisions of this Paragraph 3 if Indemnitee
is a party to or threatened  to be made a party to or otherwise  involved in any
Proceeding  (other than a Proceeding  by or in the right of the  Corporation  to
procure a judgment in its favor) by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
a Director and/or Officer of the Corporation or a subsidiary of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the  Corporation as a director,  officer,
member or manager,  partner,  trustee, employee or agent of another corporation,
domestic or foreign,  non-profit or for-profit, a limited liability company or a
partnership,  joint venture,  trust or other  enterprise,  against all Expenses,
judgments, settlements, fines and penalties, actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee in connection with the defense or settlement of such Proceeding,  but
only  if  Indemnitee  acted  in  good  faith  and in a  manner  which  he or she
reasonably  believed  to be in or not  opposed  to  the  best  interests  of the
Corporation and, in the case of a criminal  proceeding,  had no reasonable cause
to believe that his or her conduct was  unlawful.  The  termination  of any such

                                       2
<page>
Proceeding by judgment, order of court, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of
nolo contendere,  or its equivalent,  shall not, of itself, create a presumption
that  Indemnitee  did not act in good  faith  and in a  manner  which  he or she
reasonably  believed  to be in or not  opposed  to  the  best  interests  of the
Corporation,  and with respect to any criminal proceeding,  that such person had
reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

     4.  Indemnity  for  Expenses  in  Proceedings  by or in  the  Right  of the
Corporation.  The Corporation shall indemnify  Indemnitee in accordance with the
provisions  of this  Paragraph 4 if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be
made a party to any Proceeding by or in the right of the  Corporation to procure
a  judgment  in its  favor by reason  of the fact  that  Indemnitee  is or was a
Director and/or Officer of the  Corporation or a subsidiary of the  Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the  Corporation as a director,  officer,
member or manager,  partner,  trustee, employee or agent of another corporation,
domestic or foreign,  non-profit or for-profit, a limited liability company or a
partnership,  joint  venture,  trust or other  enterprise,  against all Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the defense of
such Proceeding, but only if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which
he or she  reasonably  believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the Corporation, except that no indemnification for Expenses shall be made under
this Paragraph 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee
shall have been  adjudged by a court order or judgment,  by a court of competent
jurisdiction,  to be liable to the  Corporation,  unless  and only to the extent
that any  court in which  such  Proceeding  was  brought  shall  determine  upon
application  that,  despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the
circumstances  of the case,  Indemnitee  is fairly and  reasonably  entitled  to
indemnity for such expenses as such court shall deem proper.

     5.  Indemnity for Amounts Paid in Settlement  in  Proceedings  by or in the
Right  of  the  Corporation.  The  Corporation  shall  indemnify  Indemnitee  in
accordance  with the  provisions of this Paragraph 5 if Indemnitee is a party to
or  threatened  to be made a party to any  Proceeding  by or in the right of the
Corporation  to  procure  a  judgment  in its  favor by  reason of the fact that
Indemnitee  is or  was  a  Director  and/or  Officer  of  the  Corporation  or a
subsidiary  of the  Corporation,  or is or was  serving  at the  request  of the
Corporation  as a  director,  officer,  member  or  manager,  partner,  trustee,
officer,  employee,  or agent  of  another  corporation,  domestic  or  foreign,
non-profit or for-profit,  a limited liability  company or a partnership,  joint
venture, trust or other enterprise,  against all amounts actually and reasonably
paid in settlement by Indemnitee  in connection  with any such  Proceeding,  but
only if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation.

     6.  Indemnity for Amounts Paid for in Judgments in Proceedings by or in the
Right  of  the  Corporation.  The  Corporation  shall  indemnify  Indemnitee  in
accordance  with the  provisions of this Paragraph 6 if Indemnitee is a party to
or  threatened  to be made a party to any  Proceeding  by or in the right of the
Corporation  to  procure  a  judgment  in its  favor by  reason of the fact that
Indemnitee  is or  was  a  Director  and/or  Officer  of  the  Corporation  or a

                                       3
<page>
subsidiary  of the  Corporation,  or is or was  serving  at the  request  of the
Corporation  as a  director,  officer,  member  or  manager,  partner,  trustee,
officer,  employee,  or agent  of  another  corporation,  domestic  or  foreign,
non-profit or for-profit,  a limited liability  company or a partnership,  joint
venture, trust or other enterprise,  against all judgments,  fines and penalties
actually and  reasonably  incurred by  Indemnitee  in  connection  with any such
Proceeding,  but only if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner  which he
or she reasonably  believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation.

     7.  Indemnification  of Expenses of Successful Party.  Notwithstanding  any
other  provision  of this  Agreement,  to the extent  that  Indemnitee  has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding or in defense
of any claim,  issue or matter therein,  including  dismissal without prejudice,
Indemnitee  shall be  indemnified  against all Expenses  incurred in  connection
therewith.

     8.  Advances  of  Expenses.  Any  Expenses  incurred  by  or on  behalf  of
Indemnitee  pursuant to Paragraphs 3 or 4 in any Proceeding shall be paid by the
Corporation  in advance upon the written  request of  Indemnitee  if  Indemnitee
shall  undertake  to (a) repay such amount to the extent  that it is  ultimately
determined by clear and  convincing  evidence in a court that  Indemnitee is not
entitled to  indemnification  hereunder,  and (b) reasonably  cooperate with the
Corporation  concerning  the  action,  suit  or  proceeding  giving  rise to the
Expenses.  Any  advances to be made under this  Paragraph 8 shall be paid by the
Corporation  to  Indemnitee  within  twenty  (20) days  following  delivery of a
written request therefor by Indemnitee to the Corporation.

     9. Procedure. Any indemnification and advances provided for in Paragraph 3,
4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 shall be made no later than twenty  (20) days after  receipt of
the written request of Indemnitee.  If a claim under this  Agreement,  under any
statute,  or under any provision of the  Corporation's  Code of  Regulations  or
Articles of Incorporation providing for indemnification,  is not paid in full by
the  Corporation  within  twenty  (20) days after a written  request for payment
thereof has been first  received by the  Corporation,  Indemnitee  may, but need
not, at any time  thereafter  bring an action against the Corporation to recover
the unpaid  amount of the claim and,  subject  to the other  provisions  of this
Agreement,  Indemnitee  also shall be  entitled  to be paid for the  Expenses of
bringing  such action.  It shall be a defense to any such action  (other than an
action brought to enforce a claim for Expenses  incurred in connection  with any
action,  suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition) that Indemnitee
has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible  under applicable
law for the Corporation to indemnify  Indemnitee for the amount claimed, but the
burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation and Indemnitee  shall
be entitled to receive  advance  payments  of expenses  pursuant to  Paragraph 8
hereof unless and until such defense may be finally  adjudicated  by court order
or judgment  from which no further  right of appeal  exists.  It is the parties'
intention   that   if   the   Corporation   contests   Indemnitee's   right   to
indemnification,  the question of Indemnitee's right to indemnification shall be
for the  court  to  decide.  There  shall  exist  in such  action  a  rebuttable
presumption that Indemnitee has met the applicable standard(s) of conduct and is
therefore  entitled to indemnification  pursuant to this Agreement.  Neither the
failure of the Corporation  (including its Board of Directors,  any committee or
subgroup  of  the  Board  of  Directors,   independent   legal  counsel  or  its
shareholders) to have made a determination that indemnification of Indemnitee is
proper in the circumstances  because Indemnitee has met the applicable  standard
of conduct as may be required by applicable law, nor any actual determination by

                                       4
<page>
the Corporation (including its Board of Directors,  any committee or subgroup of
the Board of Directors,  independent legal counsel,  or its  shareholders)  that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall (a) constitute
a defense to such action,  (b) create a presumption  that  Indemnitee has or has
not  met  the  applicable  standard  of  conduct,  or (c)  otherwise  alter  the
presumption in favor of Indemnitee referred to in the preceding sentence.

     10. Allowance for Compliance with SEC Requirements. Indemnitee acknowledges
that the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") has expressed the opinion
that  indemnification  of directors  and  officers  from  liabilities  under the
Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended (the "Act"),  is against  public  policy as
expressed  in the  Act  and  is,  therefore,  unenforceable.  Indemnitee  hereby
acknowledges  and agrees that it will not be a breach of this  Agreement for the
Corporation to undertake with the SEC in connection  with the  registration  for
sale of any capital stock or other  securities of the  Corporation  from time to
time that,  in the event a claim for  indemnification  against such  liabilities
(other than the  payment by the  Corporation  of expenses  incurred or paid by a
director or officer of the Corporation in the successful  defense of any action,
suit or proceeding)  is asserted in connection  with such capital stock or other
securities being registered,  the Corporation will, unless in the opinion of its
counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,  submit to a court
of competent jurisdiction on the question of whether or not such indemnification
by it is against  public  policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by
the final  adjudication  of such  issue.  Indemnitee  further  agrees  that such
submission  to a court of competent  jurisdiction  shall not be a breach of this
Agreement.

     11. Indemnification  Hereunder Not Exclusive.  The indemnification provided
by this  Agreement  shall not be deemed  exclusive  of any other rights to which
Indemnitee  may be entitled under the Articles of  Incorporation  or the Code of
Regulations of the  Corporation,  any  agreement,  any vote of  shareholders  or
disinterested directors,  the Ohio General Corporation Laws, or otherwise,  both
as to  action  in his or her  official  capacity  and as to  action  in  another
capacity while holding such office.

     The indemnification  under this Agreement for any action taken or not taken
while serving in an indemnified  capacity  shall continue as to Indemnitee  even
though he or she may have ceased to be a Director and/or Officer and shall inure
to  the  benefit  of  the  heirs,  executors  and  personal  representatives  of
Indemnitee.

     12. Partial Indemnification.  If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for some claims,  issues
or matters,  but not as to other  claims,  issues or  matters,  or for some or a
portion of the Expenses,  judgments,  fines or penalties actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee or amounts  actually and reasonably paid in settlement by
Indemnitee  in  the  investigation,   defense,   appeal  or  settlement  of  any
Proceeding,  but  not  for the  total  amount  thereof,  the  Corporation  shall
nevertheless  indemnify  Indemnitee  for the portion of such  claims,  issues or
matters or Expenses,  judgments,  fines, penalties or amounts paid in settlement
to which Indemnitee is entitled.

     13. No Rights of Continued Employment.  Nothing contained in this Agreement
is intended to create in Indemnitee any right to continued  employment  with the
Corporation.

                                       5
<page>
     14. Reimbursement to Corporation by Indemnitee;  Limitation on Amounts Paid
by Corporation. To the extent Indemnitee has been indemnified by the Corporation
hereunder and later receives  payments from any insurance  carrier  covering the
same  Expenses,  judgments,  fines,  penalties or amounts paid in  settlement so
indemnified by the Corporation hereunder, Indemnitee shall immediately reimburse
the Corporation hereunder for all such amounts received from the insurer.

     Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitee shall
not be entitled to recover amounts under this Agreement which, when added to the
amount of indemnification  payments made to, or on behalf of, Indemnitee,  under
the Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations of the Corporation,  in the
aggregate exceed the Expenses,  judgments,  fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee ("Excess Amounts"). To
the extent the  Corporation  has paid Excess Amounts to  Indemnitee,  Indemnitee
shall be obligated to  immediately  reimburse  the  Corporation  for such Excess
Amounts.

     Notwithstanding  anything contained herein to the contrary, the Corporation
shall  not  be  obligated  under  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  to  indemnify
Indemnitee:

          (a) or advance  expenses to Indemnitee  with respect to proceedings or
     claims  initiated or brought  voluntarily  by Indemnitee  and not by way of
     defense, except with respect to Proceedings brought to establish or enforce
     a right to indemnification under this Agreement or any other statute or law
     or otherwise,  but such  indemnification  or advancement of expenses may be
     provided by the  Corporation  in specific  cases if the Board of  Directors
     finds it appropriate;

          (b) if it is proved by final judgment in a court of law or other final
     adjudication to have been based upon or attributable to the Indemnitee's in
     fact having gained any personal  profit or advantage to which he or she was
     not legally entitled;

          (c) for any  expenses  incurred  by  Indemnitee  with  respect  to any
     proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement,
     if a court of competent  jurisdiction  determines that each of the material
     assertions made by Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith
     or was frivolous;

          (d) for a  disgorgement  of profits made from the purchase and sale by
     Indemnitee  of  securities  pursuant  to  Section  16(b) of the  Securities
     Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended,  or  similar  provisions  of any state
     statutory law or common law; or

          (e) for any Expenses,  judgment, fine or penalty which the Corporation
     is prohibited  by applicable  law from paying as indemnity or for any other
     reason.

     15. Scope.  Notwithstanding  any other provision of this Agreement,  except
Paragraph 14 hereof,  the Corporation  hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee
to  the   fullest   extent   permitted   by  law,   notwithstanding   that  such
indemnification  is not specifically  authorized by the other provisions of this
Agreement,  the Corporation's  Code of Regulations or Articles of Incorporation,
or by statute. In the event of any change, after the date of this Agreement,  in

                                       6
<page>
any  applicable  law,  statute  or  rule  which  expands  the  right  of an Ohio
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer,  such
change shall be deemed to be within the purview of the  Indemnitee's  rights and
the Corporation's  obligations under this Agreement.  In the event of any change
in any  applicable  law,  statute  or rule  which  narrows  the right of an Ohio
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer,  such
change, to the extent not otherwise  required by such law, statute or rule to be
applied  to this  Agreement,  shall  have no  effect  on this  Agreement  or the
parties' rights and obligations hereunder.

     16. Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of a written request
of Indemnitee  pursuant to Paragraph 9 hereof,  the Corporation has director and
officer liability  insurance in effect, the Corporation shall give prompt notice
of the  commencement  of such  proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the
procedures  set  forth  in  the  respective  policies.   The  Corporation  shall
thereafter take all necessary or desirable action, using commercially reasonable
efforts, to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts
payable  as a result of such  proceeding  in  accordance  with the terms of such
policies.

     17.  Continuation of Rights and Obligations.  All rights and obligations of
the Corporation and Indemnitee hereunder shall continue in full force and effect
despite the subsequent  amendment or modification of the Corporation's  Articles
of  Incorporation  or Code of  Regulations,  as such are in  effect  on the date
hereof,  and such  rights  and  obligations  shall not be  affected  by any such
amendment or  modification,  any resolution of directors or  shareholders of the
Corporation,  or by any other corporate  action which conflicts with or purports
to amend,  modify,  limit or eliminate any of the rights or  obligations  of the
Corporation and/or Indemnitee hereunder.

     18.  Amendment  and  Modification.  This  Agreement  may  only be  amended,
modified  or  supplemented  by the  written  agreement  of the  Corporation  and
Indemnitee.

     19. Assignment.  This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Corporation or
Indemnitee without the prior written consent of the other party thereto,  except
that the  Corporation  may freely assign its rights and  obligations  under this
Agreement to any subsidiary for whom  Indemnitee is serving as a director and/or
officer thereof;  provided,  however, that no permitted assignment shall release
the assignor from its  obligations  hereunder.  Subject to the  foregoing,  this
Agreement  and all of the  provisions  hereof shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their  respective  successors and assigns,
including,  without  limitation,  any  successor  to the  Corporation  by way of
merger,  consolidation and/or sale or disposition of all or substantially all of
the capital stock of the Corporation.

     20.  Saving  Clause.  If this  Agreement  or any portion  thereof  shall be
invalidated  on  any  ground  by  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction,   the
Corporation shall nevertheless  indemnify Indemnitee as to Expenses,  judgments,
fines,  penalties and amounts paid in settlement  with respect to any Proceeding
to the full extent  permitted by any  applicable  portion of this Agreement that
shall not have been invalidated or by any other applicable law.

     21.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in two or more fully or
partially  executed  counterparts  each of which  shall be  deemed  an  original
binding  the  signer  thereof  against  the  other  signing  parties,   but  all
counterparts  together shall  constitute one and the same  instrument.  Executed

                                       7
<page>
signature pages may be removed from  counterpart  agreements and attached to one
or more fully  executed  copies of this  Agreement.  The parties may execute and
deliver this Agreement by facsimile signature, which shall have the same binding
effect as an original ink signature.

     22. Notice.  Indemnitee shall, as a condition precedent to his or her right
to be  indemnified  under  this  Agreement,  give to the  Corporation  notice in
writing as soon as  practicable  of any claim made  against him or her for which
indemnity  will  or  could  be  sought  under  this  Agreement.  Notice  to  the
Corporation shall be directed to the Corporation at its headquarters  located at
One Invacare Way, Elyria, Ohio 44035, Attention: Chairman (or such other address
as the Corporation  shall  designate in writing to Indemnitee).  Notice shall be
deemed  received  three days after the date  postmarked if sent by prepaid mail,
properly  addressed.  In addition,  Indemnitee  shall give the Corporation  such
information  and  cooperation as it may reasonably  require within  Indemnitee's
power.

     23. Applicable Law. All matters with respect to this Agreement,  including,
without limitation, matters of validity,  construction,  effect and performance,
shall be governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of
Ohio  applicable  to  contracts  made and to be  performed  therein  between the
residents  thereof  (regardless  of the laws that might  otherwise be applicable
under principles of conflict of law).

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereby have caused this  Agreement to be
duly executed and signed as of the day and year first above written.

                                                     INVACARE CORPORATION
                                                       THE "CORPORATION"



                                                     By
                                                       -------------------------
                                                       Its:


                                                    "INDEMNITEE"





                                       8
<PAGE>

  Schedule of Indemnity Agreements with Current Directors and Executive Officers



Name                     Position                              Date of Agreement
----                     --------                              -----------------
A. Malachi Mixon, III    Chairman of the Board of Directors    May 24, 2001
                         and Chief Executive Officer
Gerald B. Blouch         President, Chief Operating Officer    May 24, 2001
                         and Director
Gregory C. Thompson      Senior Vice President and Chief       November 12, 2002
                         Financial Officer
Joseph B. Richey, II     President - Invacare Technologies,    May 24, 2001
                         Senior Vice President - Electronics
                         and Design Engineering and Director
Louis F.J. Slangen       Senior Vice President - Sales &       May 24, 2001
                         Marketing
Diane J. Davie           Senior Vice President - Human         February 24, 2003
                         Resources
Thomas Kroeger           Vice President - Human Resources      May 24, 2001
Neal J. Curran           Vice President - Engineering and      May 24, 2001
                         Product Development
Michael A. Perry         Vice President - Distributed Products May 24, 2001
James C. Boland          Director                              May 24, 2001
Michael F. Delaney       Director                              May 24, 2001
Whitney Evans            Director                              May 24, 2001
Dr. C. Martin Harris     Director                              January 24, 2003
Dr. Bernadine P.Healy    Director                              May 24, 2001
John R. Kasich           Director                              May 24, 2001
Dan T. Moore, III        Director                              May 24, 2001
E.P. Nalley              Director                              May 24, 2001
William M. Weber         Director                              May 24, 2001




                                      S-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
