<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.58
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>doc6.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                  EXHIBIT 10.58 FORM OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

THE FOLLOWING OPTIONS WERE OFFERED TO THE BELOW NAMED KEY EMPLOYEES ON FEBRUARY
11, 2003:

EXERCISE PRICE   STEPHEN ANTHONY  JAMES RANDALL  JOHN SCOTT  MICHAEL JAMES
                     ROMANO        BAUMGARDNER   NICHOLSON      GILBERG

3.00                    131,868         52,747      52,747         32,967
4.50                    153,846         61,538      61,538         38,462
6.50                     84,396         33,758      33,758         21,099


                          AMERICAN ECOLOGY CORPORATION

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
                             ----------------------

     Effective  this 11th day of February, 2003, American Ecology Corporation, a
Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"), hereby grants to _________________ (the
"Optionee")  a  stock  option  (the "Option") to purchase from the Company, that
number  of  shares  of the Company's authorized and unissued common stock, $0.01
par  value per share (the "Common Stock"), at the exercise price(s) set forth on
Schedule  1  and  upon  the  terms and conditions set forth in this Stock Option
-----------
Agreement  (the  "Agreement"):

     1.     STOCK OPTION PLAN.  This Agreement and the Option granted herein are
made  and  accepted pursuant to and in accordance with the Company's Amended and
Restated  1992 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") as amended from time to time.  The
terms  and  provisions of the Plan, and any amendments thereto, are incorporated
herein  by  reference.  In  the  event of any conflict between the provisions of
this  Agreement  and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will
prevail.

     2.     TERM  AND  VESTING.  The  Option will vest in four installments over
three  years:  25%  upon  the  date  hereof,  and 25% on each of the first three
anniversaries  of  the  date  hereof.

     3.     EXERCISABILITY.

          (a)     The  Option  granted  herein  may  be exercised in whole or in
part,  to  the extent then vested and subject to earlier termination as provided
herein,  continuing  to  a  date  10  years  subsequent  to the date hereof (the
"Expiration  Date").  In  the  event  the Option is exercised in full or in part
prior to a Change of Control of the Company, the Optionee agrees, as a condition
to  such  exercise,  that  he will retain 75% of the "after-tax" shares received
from any such exercise for a period of two years from the date of such exercise;
provided,  that  such  retention  obligation shall terminate and no longer apply
upon  a  Change  of  Control  or  termination  of  employment  without  Cause or
resignation  for  Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement).  Failure
to  comply  with  this provision will result in the Optionee's forfeiture of the


<PAGE>
unvested portion of the Option and ineligibility to participate in the Company's
incentive  programs.

          (b)     In  the  event of the Optionee's death, Disability (as defined
in  that  certain Executive Employment Agreement made and entered into as of the
first  day of January, 2003 (the "Employment Agreement")) or termination without
Cause  or  resignation  for  Good  Reason  (each  as  defined  in the Employment
Agreement), the next 25% tranche of the Option will vest, and the vested portion
of  such Option will stay outstanding and remain exercisable until 30 days after
termination  of  employment  (one  year,  if  termination  is  due  to  death).

          (c)     The  Option  will  fully  vest  on  a Change of Control of the
Company  (as  defined in the Employment Agreement) and will stay outstanding and
remain  exercisable  until 30 days after termination of employment (one year, if
termination  is  due  to  death).

          (d)     Except  in  the  event  of  termination  of  the  Optionee's
employment  after a Change of Control or due to death, Disability or termination
without  Cause,  the  Option  will  expire  upon  termination  of the Optionee's
employment.  In such event, to the extent not exercised by the Optionee prior to
termination  of  his  employment,  the  Option  will  be  canceled.

     4.     TRANSFERABILITY.  The  Option  granted  under  this Agreement is not
transferable  otherwise  than  by  will  or  operation  of  laws  of descent and
distribution  or  pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in
the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended, or Title I of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act, or the rules thereunder.  During the lifetime of
the  Optionee, the Option granted in this Agreement shall be exercisable only by
the  Optionee,  the  Optionee's  guardian  or  legal  representative.

     5.     METHOD OF EXERCISE.  Any exercise of the Option granted herein shall
be by written notice delivered by the Optionee to the Company.  Once the Company
has  received  written  notice  of  an exercise of the Option, the Company shall
issue  the  shares  covered  by  any  such  notice  to  the  Optionee as soon as
practicable  after receipt of such notice.  Such shares of Common Stock shall be
delivered to the Optionee against payment therefore in accordance with the Plan.
All  federal  and state stock transfer, issuance and sales taxes relating to the
sale of said Common Stock of the Company to the Optionee shall be borne and paid
by  the  Optionee.

     6.     CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION.

          (a)     The Optionee agrees not to disclose or reveal to any person or
entity outside the Company any secret or confidential information concerning any
Company  product,  process,  equipment, machinery, design, formula, business, or
other  activity  (collectively,  "Confidential  Information")  without  prior
permission  of  Company  in writing.  Confidential Information shall not include
any  information which is in the public domain or becomes publicly known through
no  wrongful  act  on the part of the Optionee or breach of this Agreement.  The
Optionee  acknowledges  that  the  Confidential Information is vital, sensitive,
confidential  and  proprietary  to  the  Company.  The obligation to protect the
secrecy  of  such  information  continues  after  employment with Company may be
terminated.  In  furtherance  of  this agreement, the Optionee acknowledges that
all  Confidential  Information  which  the  Optionee  now  possesses,  or  shall
hereafter  acquire, concerning and pertaining to the business and secrets of the
Company


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
and  all  inventions or discoveries made or developed, or suggested by or to the
Optionee during said term of employment relating to Company's business shall, at
all times and for all purposes, be regarded as acquired and held by the Optionee
in  his  fiduciary  capacity  and  solely  for  the  benefit  of  Company.

          (b)     The  Optionee  agrees  that  all  inventions,  innovations,
improvements,  technical  information,  systems, software developments, methods,
designs,  analyses,  drawings,  reports, service marks, trademarks, trade names,
logos  and  all  similar  or  related  information  (whether  patentable  or
unpatentable)  which  relate  to  the  Company's  or  any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates' actual or anticipated business, research and development or existing
or future products or services and which are conceived, developed or made by the
Optionee (whether or not during usual business hours and whether or not alone or
in  conjunction  with any other person) while employed by the Company (including
those conceived, developed or made prior to the date of this Agreement) together
with  all patent applications, letters patent, trademark, trade name and service
mark  applications or registrations, copyrights and reissues thereof that may be
granted for or upon any of the foregoing (collectively referred to herein as the
"Work  Product"),  belong in all instances to the Company or its subsidiaries or
affiliates.  The Optionee will promptly perform all actions reasonably requested
by  the  Board  (whether  during  or  after  his employment with the Company) to
establish and confirm the Company's or its subsidiaries or affiliates' ownership
of  such Work Product (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery
of  assignments,  consents,  powers  of  attorney  and other instruments) and to
provide  reasonable  assistance  to  the  Company or any of its subsidiaries and
affiliates  in  connection with the prosecution of any applications for patents,
trademarks, trade names, service marks or reissues thereof or in the prosecution
or  defense  of  interferences  relating  to  any  Work  Product.

     7.     RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS GENERALLY.  The Optionee acknowledges that his
employment  with  the Company has special, unique and extraordinary value to the
Company;  that the Company has a lawful interest in protecting its investment in
entrusting  its Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7) to him; and
that  the  Company  would be irreparably damaged if the Optionee were to provide
services  to  any  person  or  entity  in violation of this Agreement because in
performing  such  services  the Optionee would inevitably disclose the Company's
Confidential  Information  to  third  parties  and  that  the  restrictions,
prohibitions  and  other  provision  of  this  Section  are reasonable, fair and
equitable  in  scope,  terms,  and  duration  to protect the legitimate business
interests  of the Company, and are a material inducement to the Company to enter
into  this  Agreement.

     8.     NON-COMPETITION.  Without  the  consent  in  writing of the Board of
Directors  of  the  Company  (the  "Board"),  the  Optionee will not, during his
employment  with  the  Company  and  for  a  period  of two years thereafter, if
employment  is  terminated  by  the Company for Cause or by the Optionee without
Good  Reason  (each  as defined in the Employment Agreement), acting alone or in
conjunction  with  others,  directly  or  indirectly  engage  (either  as owner,
investor,  partner,  stockholder,  employer,  employee,  consultant,  advisor or
director)  in  activities  on  behalf of any entity or entities engaged in waste
processing  and  disposal  services  for low-level radioactive-wastes, naturally
occurring, accelerator produced, and exempt radioactive materials, and hazardous
and  PCB  wastes.  It is agreed that the ownership of not more than five percent
of  the equity securities of any company having securities listed on an exchange
or  regularly  traded  in  the  over-the-counter market shall not, of itself, be
deemed  inconsistent  with  this  Paragraph  8.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>
     9.     NON-SOLICITATION.

          (a)     Without  the  consent  in  writing  of  the  Board,  after the
Optionee's  employment  has  terminated  for  any reason, the Optionee will not,
during  his employment with the Company and for a period of one year thereafter,
(two  years  if  employment  is  terminated  by  the Company for Cause or by the
Optionee  without  Good  Reason  (each as defined in the Employment Agreement)),
acting alone or in conjunction with others, either directly or indirectly induce
any vendors or customers of the Company to curtail or cancel their business with
the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries.

          (b)     Without  the  consent  in  writing  of  the  Board,  after the
Optionee's  employment  has  terminated  for  any reason, the Optionee will not,
during  his employment with the Company and for a period of one year thereafter,
acting  alone  or  in  conjunction  with  others,  either directly or indirectly
induce,  or  attempt  to  influence,  any  employee of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  to  terminate  his  employment.

     10.     REMEDIES.

          (a)     The  provisions  of  Paragraphs  6-9  of  this  Agreement  are
separate  and  distinct  commitments independent of each of the Paragraphs.  The
Optionee  acknowledges  that  the  covenants and agreements which he has made in
this  Agreement are reasonable and are required for the reasonable protection of
the  Company  and  its  business.  The  Optionee  agrees  that the breach of any
covenant  or agreement contained herein will result in irreparable injury to the
Company and that, in addition to all other remedies provided by law or in equity
with  respect  to the breach of any provision of this Agreement, the Company and
its  successors and assigns will be entitled to enforce the specific performance
by  the Optionee of his obligations hereunder and to enjoin him from engaging in
any  activity  in violation hereof and that no claim by the Optionee against the
Company  or  its  successors  or assigns will constitute a defense or bar to the
specific  enforcement of such obligations.  The Optionee agrees that the Company
and  any successor or assign shall be entitled to recover all costs of enforcing
any  provision  of  this  Agreement,  including,  without limitation, reasonable
attorneys'  fees  and  costs  of  litigation.  In  the  event of a breach by the
Optionee  of  any  covenant  or  agreement  contained herein, the running of the
restrictive  covenant  periods (but not of the Optionee's obligations hereunder)
shall  be  tolled  during  the period of the continuance of any actual breach or
violation.

          (b)     The  parties  hereto  agree  that  the  covenants set forth in
Paragraphs  6-9 are reasonable with respect to their duration, geographical area
and  scope.  If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares
that  any  term  or  provision  of  Paragraph  6,  7,  8  or  9  is  invalid  or
unenforceable,  the  parties  agree  that  the court making the determination of
invalidity  or  unenforceability  shall  have  the  power  to  reduce the scope,
duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases,
or  to  replace  any  invalid  or unenforceable term or provision with a term or
provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the
intention  of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement
shall  be  enforceable  as  so  modified after the expiration of the time within
which  the  judgment  may  be  appealed.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>
          (c)     In  addition,  the  Company may, at the sole discretion of the
Board,  cancel,  rescind,  suspend,  withhold or otherwise limit or restrict the
Option to the extent it is unexpired, and unexercised, whether vested or not, at
any  time  if  the  Optionee  in not in compliance with all of the provisions of
Paragraphs  6-9.  As  a condition to the exercise of any part of the Option, the
Optionee  shall  certify  to  the  Company  that  he  is  in compliance with the
provisions set forth above.  In the event that the Optionee fails to comply with
the  provisions  set  forth above in Paragraphs 6-9 prior to or within 12 months
after  any  exercise  of  any  part of the Option or payment by the Company with
respect  to the Option, such exercise or payment may be rescinded by the Company
within  12  months  thereafter.  In  the  event of such rescission, the Optionee
shall  pay to the Company the amount of any gain realized or payment received as
a  result of the rescinded exercise or payment, in such manner and on such terms
and  conditions  as  may  be  required  by the Company, and the Company shall be
entitled  to  set-off  against  the  amount  of such gain any amount owed to the
Optionee  by  the  Company.  The  Optionee  acknowledges  that  the  foregoing
provisions  are  fair,  equitable  and  reasonable  for  the  protection  of the
Company's  interests  in a stable workforce and the time and expense the Company
has  incurred to develop its business and its customer and vendor relationships.

     11.     SUCCESSORS  OF COMPANY AND OPTIONEE.  This Agreement shall inure to
the  benefit  of  and  be  binding  upon  the Company and the Optionee and their
respective  heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns, subject to the
restrictions  on  assignability  and  transferability  set  forth  herein.

     12.     ADJUSTMENTS.  The  number  of shares of Common Stock and prices per
share  contained  herein  shall be proportionately adjusted from time to time as
and  when  provided  in  the  Plan.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed effective the 10th day
of  February,  2003.



                              AMERICAN ECOLOGY CORPORATION



                              By:
                                   -----------------------------------
                              Name:
                                   -----------------------------------
                              Its:
                                  ------------------------------------


                              OPTIONEE


                              ----------------------------------------
                              Name:
                                       -------------------------------
                              Address:
                                       -------------------------------

                                       -------------------------------


                                      -5-
<PAGE>
                              SS#:
                                       -------------------------------




                                      -6-
<PAGE>
                                   Schedule 1
                                   ----------


                      NUMBER OF SHARES     EXERCISE PRICE

                      ___________          $3.00
                      ___________          $4.50
                      ___________          $6.50


     For  purposes  of  vesting  and whenever applicable in this Agreement, each
tranche  of stock options (a tranche shall consist only of the shares which have
the same exercise price) shall be treated as separate Options.  For example, 25%
of  the  Options  with  an  exercise  price of $3.00, 25% of the Options with an
exercise  price  of $4.50 and 25% of the Options with an exercise price of $6.50
will vest on the date hereof and on each of the first three anniversaries of the
date  hereof.


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
