<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cfoagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(X)
<TEXT>
                                                                 Exhibit 10(x)


September 25, 2002

Mr. Gregory Thompson
3923 NW 53rd Street
Boca Raton, FL 33486


Dear Greg:

We are pleased to confirm our offer of the position of Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial  Officer  reporting  directly to A. Malachi Mixon, III, Chairman
and CEO.

     The following represents the terms and conditions of your employment:

1.       Salary

     Your starting  base salary for this position will be $26,250.00  per month,
     which is $315,000 when calculated on an annual basis.

2.       Bonus

     Beginning in January,  2003,  as a member of Invacare's  senior  management
     group, your target bonus  eligibility will be at the  seventy-fifth  (75th)
     percent bonus level. This bonus will be based on corporate performance. For
     2002, you will receive a prorata portion of any bonus earned under the plan
     based on your start  date.  For 2003,  we will  guarantee  a minimum  bonus
     payment of $70,000, regardless of performance.

3.       Sign-On Bonus

     You will receive a sign-on bonus in the amount of $26,000, payable upon the
     first day you commence employment with Invacare Corporation, providing that
     date is on or before November 4, 2002.

4.       Stock Option Program

     Upon acceptance of our offer, you will be eligible to receive non-qualified
     options to purchase  50,000  shares,  without par value,  of Invacare stock
     pursuant to the Company's  Executive Stock Option Plan.  Stock options vest
     at a rate of 25% per  year  with an  exercise  period  of ten  (10)  years.
     Additionally,  you will receive  non-qualified  options to purchase  32,000
     shares,  without par value, as a participant of the Annual  Executive Stock
     Option Program.
<page>
5.       Restricted Stock

     Upon acceptance of our offer,  you will be eligible to receive a restricted
     stock grant in the amount of 4,600  shares.  Restrictions  lapse at 25% per
     year.  Subject to review and approval by the Compensation  Committee of the
     Board of Directors of Invacare Corporation, you will be eligible to receive
     restricted stock grants on an annual basis.

6.       Automobile Leasing & Insurance Program

     You will be  eligible  to  participate  in  Invacare's  automobile  leasing
     program.  Under this program,  the Company will provide a monthly allowance
     of $850 for auto leasing purposes. The details of this plan will be covered
     with you upon your  employment  with  Invacare.  In addition to the leasing
     program, personal auto insurance will be provided for all automobiles owned
     by you and your spouse.

7.       Benefits

     Medical - You will be eligible to  participate  in  CHOICEPlus,  Invacare's
     flexible benefits program.  CHOICEPlus includes medical,  dental and vision
     coverage, as well as increased term life insurance for eligible dependents.
     This  program  will  be  available  to you on the  first  day of the  month
     following employment.  In addition,  you will be eligible for the Company's
     Life  Insurance,  Short  and  Long  Term  Disability,  Retirement  Plan and
     Educational   Assistance   programs.   The  average  benefit  package  adds
     approximately 28% to your base salary.

     Retirement Plan - Invacare offers a qualified plan, The Invacare Retirement
     Savings  Plan,   and  a   non-qualified   plan,  The  401(k)  Plus  Benefit
     Equalization  Plan ("Plus  Plan").  The  Invacare  Retirement  Savings Plan
     includes  a  401(k)   program,   Employer  Match  and  Invacare   Quarterly
     Contribution  (IQC).  The Plus Plan is offered to those  individuals  whose
     annual   income   exceeds   $90,000  and  includes  an  enhanced   employee
     contribution  plan along with the  Employer  Match and  Invacare  Quarterly
     Contribution.  The Plus Plan  allows  you to  contribute  up to 50% of your
     compensation.  Invacare will make matching  contributions  equal to 100% of
     the  first  1% of your  salary  deferrals,  plus 50% of the next 2% of your
     salary  deferrals  after you have  completed  six  months of  service.  The
     Quarterly Contribution is equal to 4% of your eligible earnings and will be
     made at the  conclusion of each calendar  quarter after you have  completed
     six months of  service.  You do not have to  contribute  to either  Plan to
     receive the Quarterly Contribution.

     Vacation - You are eligible for three weeks  vacation  beginning in January
     2003.
<page>
8. Executive Benefits (Additional details of each of these plans are enclosed)

     Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan  (SERP) - You will be eligible to
     participate  in the Invacare SERP.  The SERP is a  non-qualified  plan that
     provides  retirement  income to supplement income available from Invacare's
     qualified  plans  and to  supplement  the  401(k)  Plus  Plan.  The  Target
     Retirement Ratio is 50% of final  compensation.  You will receive a service
     credit of five (5) years to count  toward  the  fifteen  (15) year  service
     requirement.

     Life  Insurance Plan - You will be eligible to participate in the Executive
     Life Insurance  plan.  This plan provides a level of death benefit equal to
     three (3) times  compensation  at  pre-retirement  and one (1) times  final
     compensation at post-retirement.

     Disability  Income  Plan - You  will  be  eligible  to  participate  in the
     Executive  Disability Income Plan. This disability plan,  combined with the
     Invacare Group Long Term  Disability  Income plan,  can provide  disability
     income of up to 70% of your compensation.

     Health  Management  Program - You will be  eligible to  participate  in the
     Executive  Health  Management  Program.  Through this program,  you will be
     entitled to one physical  exam every two years  performed at the  Cleveland
     Clinic Department of Preventative Medicine.

     Club Membership - You are eligible to become a member of a golf/social club
     of your choosing.  Invacare  Corporation  will pay all initiation  fees and
     annual membership dues.

     Personal  Liability  -  Invacare  will also  provide 5 million  dollars  of
     personal umbrella coverage over certain underlying retention amounts.  This
     coverage provides you with liability coverage anywhere in the world subject
     to the terms and  conditions  of the  policy.  This  coverage  will  become
     effective on January 10, 2003 upon the policy renewal.

9.       Relocation

     You will be entitled to all benefits under  Invacare's  Relocation  policy,
     including home sale and purchase  assistance,  movement of household  goods
     and  temporary  living up to six months.  You will also  receive a one-time
     lump  payment  of $15,000 to offset  miscellaneous  expenses  you may incur
     during your move. You will be eligible to receive the  relocation  benefits
     outlined in the attached policy for up to two years from your date of hire.

10.      Severance

     If you  are  terminated  for  any  reason  other  than  cause  during  your
     employment,  you  will be  provided  one  year of  salary  continuation  as
     severance pay. You will also receive a prorata portion of your target bonus
     based on the date of  termination.  In addition,  Invacare will continue to
     provide health insurance during your severance  period, or until you obtain
     employment that provides you with such coverage, whichever comes first.
<page>
     Termination  for cause is  defined  as fraud,  misrepresentation,  theft or
     embezzlement  of company assets,  intentional  violations of law or company
     policies or a substantial failure to perform assigned duties.

11.      Change of Control

     The Change in Control  agreement  would include  provisions  for a lump sum
     cash amount  equal to three (3) times  annual base salary plus target bonus
     and continued  participation  in the Company's  employee  benefit plans, as
     described in more detail in the enclosed Change in Control Agreement.

This offer is contingent upon verification of employment under the provisions of
the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986. Upon reporting to work, you will
be  required to present  your  Social  Security  card or birth  certificate  and
state-issued photo identification.

You will be required to review and sign a  non-compete  agreement and a conflict
of interest document as a condition of your employment.

This offer is also contingent upon you successfully  completing a pre-employment
drug screen,  post-offer physical  examination and  reference-checking  process.
Please  contact Ann Wilgor at  440/329-6906  to arrange for your drug screen and
post-offer physical examination.

     Greg, we are excited at the prospect of you joining the Invacare team. Upon
signing this offer, a mutually agreed upon start date will be determined. In the
interim,  if there are any questions  regarding this offer, please contact me at
440/329-6427.

                                 Sincerely,


                                 /s/Thomas Kroeger
                                 -----------------
                                 Thomas Kroeger
                                 SVP, Human Resources



I acknowledge  acceptance of this offer and its  conditions  for the position of
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and have signed two copies of
this letter and am returning one to your attention.



/s/ Gregory C. Thompson                              October 2002
---------------------------------                    ------------------------
Signature                                            Date


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
