<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(C), 2002 ORI STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10(C)


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                                      2002
                     OLD REPUBLIC INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
                         NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN


1.        Purpose
          -------

               The purpose of this Non-Qualified  Stock Option Plan (the "Plan")
          is to promote the interests of Old Republic International Corporation,
          a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  and its  shareholders  by
          providing key employees on whom rests the major responsibility for the
          present and future success of the Company and its subsidiaries with an
          opportunity  to acquire a  proprietary  interest  in the  Company  and
          thereby  develop a stronger  incentive to put forth maximum effort for
          the continued  success and growth of the Company and its subsidiaries.
          In addition,  the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the
          Company  will  aid  in  attracting  and  retaining  key  personnel  of
          outstanding  ability.  Only  designated  salaried  officers  and other
          designated salaried key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries,
          who are in a position  to affect the  profitability  and growth of the
          Company,  will be eligible to receive options to purchase common stock
          under the Plan.  Directors who are  designated  salaried key employees
          within the meaning of the foregoing are eligible to participate in the
          Plan. Except as otherwise  provided,  for all purposes of the Plan the
          term "subsidiary" or "subsidiary  corporation"  shall have the meaning
          ascribed in the  Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended.  As used
          herein, the term "optionee" applies both to male and female designated
          salaried  officers or other  designated  salaried key employees of the
          Company or of any subsidiary corporation eligible under the Plan.

2.        Administration
          --------------

               The  Compensation  Committee  of the  Board of  Directors  of the
          Company  ("Compensation  Committee"),  which shall consist of three or
          more disinterested  directors,  shall act as a committee to administer
          this Plan. The  Compensation  Committee  shall be responsible  for the
          interpretation  of  the  provisions  of  the  Plan.   Subject  to  the
          provisions of the Plan,  the  Compensation  Committee may from time to
          time, and at its sole discretion, adopt such rules and regulations for
          the administration of the Plan as it deems appropriate. Except for the

<PAGE>

          terms  and   conditions   explicitly  set  forth  in  this  Plan,  the
          Compensation  Committee  shall have the  authority  to  determine  all
          matters relating to awards under the Plan, including:

          (a)  which individuals shall receive options;

          (b)  the  terms  and  conditions  of the  options  including  terms of
               exercise, limitations on exercise, the price, and payment terms;

          (c)  the number of options to be granted;

          (d)  the number of shares subject to each option;

          (e)  the form or  forms  of the  instruments  evidencing  any  options
               granted  under  the Plan and of any  other  instruments  required
               under the Plan,  and to change  such forms from time to time,  as
               may be required or necessary.

          All  determinations,  selections,  decisions  and rulings  made by the
          Compensation Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be
          final and binding.

               Except  with  respect to awards  made to  executive  officers  or
          directors of the  Company,  before  making  awards,  the  Compensation
          Committee may consult with the Office of the Chief  Executive  Officer
          (OCEO) and may seek the OCEO's recommendations and advice. The OCEO is
          comprised  of  the  Chairman  of the  Board  of the  Company  and  the
          President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

               The OCEO will have the responsibility for maintaining the records
          concerning  options  granted  to  optionees,   including  the  records
          concerning  exercises,  lapses  or  forfeitures  of  options  held  by
          optionees.

3.        Shares Subject to the Plan
          --------------------------

               The shares that may be made subject to options  granted under the
          Plan shall be shares of Common Stock of the  Company,  $1.00 par value
          ("Common  Stock").  The aggregate  number of shares subject to options
          and issued  pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed at six percent (6%)
          of the Common Stock of the Company issued and  outstanding  (excluding
          Common  Stock  held by the  Company  and any of its  subsidiaries)  at

                                       2
<PAGE>

          December 31 of the preceding year ("Maximum  Number").  However, in no
          event  shall the  aggregate  number of shares  subject to  outstanding
          options  pursuant  to this  Plan  and all  other  stock  option  plans
          sponsored by the Company exceed the Maximum  Number.  If any option is
          forfeited,  terminated  or  cancelled  for  any  reason  before  being
          completely  exercised,  the shares  covered by the unvested as well as
          the  unexercised  portion of such option shall again be available  for
          the  granting  of  options  and said  shares  may be used to grant new
          options under the Plan subject to the aforementioned Maximum Number of
          shares.  Appropriate  adjustments  in the  number of shares and in the
          option price per share will be made to give effect to adjustments made
          in  the  number  of   outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock  through
          recapitalization,  reclassification,  stock  dividend,  stock split or
          other similar relevant changes. Shares issued upon exercise of options
          granted  under the Plan may be shares  held by the Company as treasury
          shares or authorized but previously unissued shares.

               Although  the shares  subject to option  shall be Common Stock as
          described  above,  the  optionee  shall  have a right of  election  to
          receive Series G-3 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock as set forth
          in paragraph 4 hereof.

4.        Election to Receive Series G Preferred Stock
          --------------------------------------------

               In lieu of exercising a right to receive  Common Stock under this
          Plan,  an  optionee  may elect to receive the same number of shares of
          Series G-3 Convertible  Preferred Stock ("Series G-3 Preferred Stock")
          at the same  price and under the same terms and  conditions  as if the
          optionee had elected  Common  Stock.  Notice of an election to receive
          Series G-3  Preferred  Stock shall be made in writing and delivered as
          part of the written notice of exercise required by Paragraph 9 of this
          Plan.

               Any optionee  electing to exercise  vested options for Series G-3
          Preferred  Stock  may do so only on the first  business  day of March,
          June,  September or December each year. Written notice of the election
          and exercise of options under this paragraph must be received by these
          dates.

                                       3
<PAGE>

5.        Eligibility
          -----------

               The  individuals who shall be eligible to participate in the Plan
          shall  be  such  designated  salaried  officers  or  other  designated
          salaried key employees described in Paragraph 1 hereof of the Company,
          or of any subsidiary corporation,  as the Compensation Committee shall
          determine from time to time.

6.        Granting of Options
          -------------------

               Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Compensation
          Committee,  may from time to time prior to May 31, 2012, grant to such
          eligible employees options to purchase such number of shares of Common
          Stock under such terms and  conditions as the  Compensation  Committee
          may  determine.  More  than  one  option  may be  granted  to the same
          employee.  The day on which the  Compensation  Committee  approves the
          granting of an option  shall be  considered  as the date on which such
          option is granted.

7.        Option Price
          ------------

               The purchase price per share of Common Stock subject to an option
          shall be fixed by the  Compensation  Committee  but  shall not be less
          than 100% of the fair  market  value per share of Common  Stock on the
          date the option is granted.  For the  purposes of this Plan,  the fair
          market value of the Common Stock shall be determined as follows:

          (a)  If the Common Stock is listed on a national  securities  exchange
               or admitted to unlisted  trading  privileges on such an exchange,
               fair market  value shall be the  composite  transactions  closing
               price for the Common Stock on the immediately  preceding  trading
               date of such securities exchange, as published in The Wall Street
               Journal,  or, if there was no trading of the Common Stock on such
               day, then the composite transactions closing price for the Common
               Stock on the last  previous  trading  date for  which  there  was
               trading  on  such  exchange,  as  published  in The  Wall  Street
               Journal; or

          (b)  If the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to unlisted trading
               privileges,  fair  market  value  shall  be the  mean of the last
               reported  bid and asked prices of the Common Stock as reported by

                                       4
<PAGE>

               the National Quotation Bureau, Inc. on the date in question; or

          (c)  If the  Common  Stock is not so listed or  admitted  to  unlisted
               trading  privileges  and bid and asked  prices are not  reported,
               fair market  value shall be an amount,  not less than book value,
               determined in such reasonable  manner as may be prescribed by the
               Board of Directors of the Company.

8.        Term of Options
          ---------------

               The term of each option  shall not exceed ten (10) years from the
          date of grant.  Except as provided in Paragraph  12 hereof,  no option
          may be  exercised  at any time  unless the  holder  thereof is then an
          employee of the  Company or of a  subsidiary.  An employee  shall have
          none of the rights of a shareholder  with respect to any of the shares
          subject to option  until such shares  shall be issued to the  optionee
          upon the exercise of said option.

9.        Method of Exercising Options
          ----------------------------

               Any option granted  hereunder may be exercised by the optionee by
          delivering  to the Company at its main office  (attention of the OCEO)
          written  notice  of the  number of shares  with  respect  to which the
          option  rights are being  exercised.  Payment in full of the  purchase
          price plus the amount  required  to be  withheld  by the then  current
          Internal Revenue  Regulations will be required before the issuance and
          delivery of certificates.

10.       Amount Exercisable
          ------------------

               Each  option  may  be  exercised,  so  long  as it is  valid  and
          outstanding,  from time to time in part or as a whole,  subject to the
          following  percentage  limitations and any limitations with respect to
          the  number of  shares  for which the  option  may be  exercised  at a
          particular  time  and to such  other  conditions  as the  Compensation
          Committee  in its  discretion  may specify  upon  granting the option.
          Options may be exercised as follows:

          (a)  If the price per share of Common Stock does not reach the Vesting
               Acceleration  Price,  then,  in  accordance  with  the  following
               schedule of vesting:

                                       5
<PAGE>

               Annual                                                Cumulative
               ------                                                ----------

               10% in the fiscal year of the grant                      10%

               15% in the second fiscal year following                  25%
               the date of the grant

               20% in the third fiscal year following                   45%
               the date of the grant

               25% in the fourth fiscal year following                  70%
               the date of the grant

               30% in the fifth fiscal year following                  100%
               the date of the grant;

          (b)  If the  price  per  share of Common  Stock  reaches  the  Vesting
               Acceleration Price, then, to the extent of the higher of:

               (1)  10% of the  number of shares  covered by the option for each
                    year that the optionee  has been  employed by the Company or
                    any subsidiary; or

               (2)  the actual  vested  percentage  determined  pursuant  to the
                    schedule in subparagraph (d) above, plus 50% of the unvested
                    remaining shares;

               and whatever  shares  remain  unvested  thereafter  shall vest in
               accordance with the vesting schedule in subparagraph (d) above;

          (c)  If the price per share of Common Stock does not reach the Vesting
               Acceleration  Price and the optionee  dies while in the employ of
               the Company or any subsidiary or is retired in good standing from
               the employ of the Company or any subsidiary  after  attaining age
               57 or as a result of disability under the then established  rules
               of the  Company  or the  subsidiary,  then to the same  extent as
               provided under subparagraph (b) above,  determined as of the date
               of the optionee's death or retirement, with no additional vesting
               thereafter; or

          (d)  If there is any Change in Control of the Company,  regardless  of
               the  resulting  price  per  share  of  Common  Stock,   then,  in

                                       6
<PAGE>

               accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the preceding
               subparagraph (b) hereof.

          The right to purchase  shall be cumulative  and may be exercised as to
          any shares not previously  purchased  during the remainder of the term
          of the option.

               For purposes of  subparagraphs  (a), (b), (c) and (d) above,  the
          price per share of Common  Stock shall be the  composite  transactions
          closing  price  for the  Common  Stock  on the  immediately  preceding
          trading date, as published in The Wall Street Journal, with respect to
          the national  securities  exchange on which the Common Stock is listed
          or admitted to unlisted trading privileges. Vesting Acceleration Price
          shall be a price established by the Compensation Committee at the time
          of grant. The Vesting  Acceleration  Price shall be the higher of 100%
          of the book value per common share as of the most recent year-end,  or
          150% of the market value at date of grant.  Years of employment  shall
          be  measured  from the date an  employee  was  first  employed  by the
          Company or any  subsidiary  and shall  include  periods of  employment
          prior to the time when the  subsidiary  or division of the Company was
          acquired by the Company.  As used in subparagraph  (d) above, the term
          "Change  of  Control  of the  Company"  refers to: (i) the date of any
          consolidation or merger of the Company in which the Company is not the
          continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of the
          Company's  Common Stock would be converted  into cash,  securities  or
          other property; or (ii) the date of any sale, lease, exchange or other
          transfer (in one transaction or a series of related  transactions)  of
          all, or  substantially  all, of the assets of the Company,  other than
          any sale,  lease,  exchange or other transfer to any corporation where
          the  Company  owns,  directly  or  indirectly,  at  least  80%  of the
          outstanding  voting  securities  of such  corporation  after  any such
          transfer;  or  (iii)  the  date  of  any  plan  or  proposal  for  the
          liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or (iv) the date any person
          (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act
          of 1934,  hereinafter  the "1934  Act"),  other than the Old  Republic
          International  Corporation Employees Savings and Stock Ownership Trust
          or any other trust  established by or contributed to by the Company or
          any of its subsidiaries for the benefit of employees of the Company or
          its  subsidiaries,  shall  become the  beneficial  owner  (within  the
          meaning  of  Rule  13d-3  under  the  1934  Act) of 20% or more of the

                                       7
<PAGE>

          Company's outstanding Common Stock; or (v) the date, during any period
          of 24 consecutive months, on which individuals who at the beginning of
          such period  constitute  the entire  Board of Directors of the Company
          shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof.

11.       Transferability of Options
          --------------------------

               Options  shall  be  transferable  by the  optionee  only by will,
          living  trust,  under  the laws of  descent  and  distribution,  or by
          written designation of a beneficiary filed with the Company during the
          optionee's lifetime. During the optionee's lifetime,  options shall be
          exercisable only by the optionee.

12.       Termination of Options Upon Severance of Employment
          ---------------------------------------------------

               Except as may be otherwise  expressly  provided  herein,  options
          shall   terminate   immediately   upon  severance  of  the  employment
          relationship between the Company and its subsidiaries and the optionee
          for any reason,  for or without cause,  other than death or retirement
          in good  standing from the employ of Company or its  subsidiaries  for
          reasons of age or disability under the then  established  rules of the
          Company or the subsidiary.  Whether  authorized  leave of absence,  or
          absence on military or government service,  shall constitute severance
          of the employment  relationship between the Company and the subsidiary
          and the optionee shall be determined by the Compensation  Committee at
          the time thereof.

          (a)  Death. In the event of the death of the holder of an option while
               in the  employ of the  Company or any  subsidiary  and before the
               date of expiration of such option, such option shall terminate on
               the  earlier  of  such  date of  expiration  or  four  (4)  years
               following  the  date  of  such  death.  After  the  death  of the
               optionee, the optionee's executors, administrators, or any person
               or persons to whom the  optionee's  option may be  transferred by
               will, by the laws of descent and  distribution  or by beneficiary
               designation  shall  have the  right,  at any  time  prior to such
               termination,  to exercise  the option,  in whole or in part.  The
               numbers  of shares  vested  and  exercisable,  however,  shall be
               determined  as of the  date of  death,  with no  further  vesting
               thereafter.

                                       8
<PAGE>

          (b)  Retirement.  If, before the date of expiration of the option, the
               optionee shall be retired in good standing from the employ of the
               Company or any subsidiary for reasons of age or disability  under
               the then established rules of the Company or the subsidiary,  the
               option  shall  terminate  on the  earlier of the  normal  date of
               expiration  or four (4) years after the date of such  retirement.
               In the event of such retirement,  the option shall be exercisable
               prior to the  termination  of such  option to the extent to which
               the  optionee was  entitled to exercise  such option  immediately
               prior to such retirement unless the provisions of Paragraph 10(b)
               concerning accelerated vesting apply. An employment  relationship
               between  the Company  and the  optionee  shall be deemed to exist
               during  any  period  in which the  optionee  is  employed  by the
               Company or any subsidiary.  If the optionee dies after retirement
               but prior to the expiration date of the optionee's  options,  the
               option  period shall not be extended  but shall  terminate on the
               earlier  of the date of  expiration  or four (4) years  after the
               date of retirement.  The number of shares vested and exercisable,
               however,  shall be determined as of the date of retirement,  with
               no further vesting thereafter.

13.       Requirements of Law
          -------------------

               The  Company  shall not be  required  to sell or issue any shares
          under any option if the  issuance of such shares  shall  constitute  a
          violation by the optionee or the Company of any  provisions of any law
          or  regulation  of  any  governmental   authority.   In  addition,  in
          connection  with  the  Securities  Act of 1933  (as now in  effect  or
          hereafter amended), upon exercise of any option, the Company shall not
          be required to issue such shares unless the Compensation Committee has
          received evidence  satisfactory to it to the effect that the holder of
          such  option  will not  transfer  such  shares  except  pursuant  to a
          registration  statement  in effect under said Act or unless an opinion
          of counsel to the  Company  has been  received  by the  Company to the
          effect that such  registration is not required.  Any  determination in
          this connection by the Compensation  Committee shall be final, binding
          and  conclusive.  At the request of the Company to enable it to comply
          with said Act, the person  exercising  the option shall also represent
          in writing that the shares  acquired  upon  exercise of the option are
          being  acquired for the  optionee's own account for investment and not

                                       9
<PAGE>

          with a view to resale. In the event the shares issuable on exercise of
          an option are not  registered  under the  Securities  Act of 1933, the
          Company may imprint the  following  legend or any other  legend  which
          counsel for the Company  considers  necessary  or  advisable to comply
          with the Securities Act of 1933:

                    "The shares of stock  represented by this  certificate  have
               not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the
               securities  laws of any State and may not be sold or  transferred
               except upon such  registration  or upon receipt by the Company of
               an opinion of counsel  satisfactory  to the Company,  in form and
               substance  satisfactory to the Company,  that registration is not
               required for such sale or transfer."

               The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to,  register
          any securities  covered hereby  pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933
          (as now in  effect  or as  hereafter  amended);  and in the  event any
          shares  are so  registered  the  Company  may  remove  any  legend  on
          certificates   representing  such  shares.   The  Company  shall  make
          reasonable  efforts to cause the exercise of an option or the issuance
          of shares pursuant thereto to comply with any law or regulation of any
          governmental authority.

14.       No Rights as Shareholder
          ----------------------

               No optionee  shall have rights as a  shareholder  with respect to
          shares covered by the optionee's  option until the date of issuance of
          a stock certificate for such shares; and, except as otherwise provided
          in Paragraph 3 hereof,  no  adjustment  for  dividends,  or otherwise,
          shall  be made if the  record  date  thereof  is  prior to the date of
          issuance of such certificate.

15.       Employment Obligation
          ---------------------

               The  granting of any option shall not impose upon the Company any
          obligation to employ or continue to employ any optionee; and the right
          of the Company to  terminate  the  employment  of any officer or other
          employee  shall not be  diminished  or  affected by reason of the fact
          that an option has been granted to the optionee.

                                       10
<PAGE>

16.       Written Agreement
          -----------------

               Each  option  granted  hereunder  shall be  embodied in a written
          option  agreement  which shall be subject to the terms and  conditions
          prescribed  above and shall be signed by the  optionee and by a member
          of the OCEO for and in the name and on behalf of the Company.  Such an
          option   agreement   shall  contain  such  other   provisions  as  the
          Compensation Committee in their discretion shall deem advisable.

17.       Shareholder Approval and Termination
          ------------------------------------

               This Plan shall be  effective  on the date it is  approved by the
          affirmative  vote  of the  holders  of a  majority  of  the  Company's
          securities  present  and  entitled  to vote at a meeting  duly held in
          accordance with the applicable laws of Delaware. It shall terminate on
          May 31, 2012  provided,  however,  that the Board of  Directors of the
          Company  may at any time  amend,  suspend or  terminate  the Plan.  No
          termination  or amendment of the Plan may,  without the consent of the
          individual  to whom any option  shall have been  theretofore  granted,
          adversely affect the rights of such individual under such option.

          IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused its  President to execute
this 2002 Non Qualified Stock Option Plan this 15th day of August, 2002.


                                      OLD REPUBLIC INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION




                                      By: /s/ A.C.Zucaro
                                         -----------------------------------
                                         A.C.Zucaro, President


ATTEST:


 /s/ Spencer LeRoy III
------------------------
Spencer LeRoy III

                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
