<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10j.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(J), ORRM KEY EMPLOYEE RECOGNITION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10(J)


                       OLD REPUBLIC RISK MANAGEMENT, INC.
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                   KEY EMPLOYEES PERFORMANCE RECOGNITION PLAN


                                   ARTICLE ONE
                                   -----------
                           PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE
                           --------------------------


     1.1 The purpose of this Plan is to further the long term growth in earnings
of Old Republic Risk Management, Inc. a subsidiary of Old Republic International
Corporation,   by  offering   long  term   incentives  in  addition  to  current
compensation to those officers and key employees of Old Republic Risk Management
and its subsidiaries who have been or are expected to be largely responsible for
such growth.

     1.2 This Plan is effective as March 25, 2002.


                                   ARTICLE TWO
                                   -----------
                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------


     2.1 "Plan" shall mean this Old Republic Risk Management, Inc. Key Employees
Performance Recognition Plan.

     2.2 "Company" shall mean Old Republic Risk  Management,  Inc. a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.

     2.3 "Employer"  and  "Employers"  shall  mean  the  Company  and each other
corporation or  organization  which is wholly or partially owned by the Company,
either directly or indirectly, and is designated by the Committee as an Employer
under this Plan.

     2.4 "Chief Executive Officer" shall mean the chief executive officer of the
Company.

     2.5 "Committee"   shall  mean  the  committee   appointed   to  direct  the
administration  of the Plan,  and shall  consist of the CEO of Old Republic Risk
Management,  and the Executives of the Office of the Chief Executive  Offices of
Old Republic International Corporation.

     2.6 "Employee"  shall mean  any person who is  employed by an Employer on a
full-time  basis and who is compensated for such employment by a regular salary.
"Employee" shall include officers of an Employer but shall not include directors
who are not otherwise officers or employees.

     2.7 "Eligible  Employee" shall mean an Employee who pursuant to Section 5.1
hereof  has  been  selected  to  share  in the  allocation  of  the  Performance
Recognition Pool for any given year.

<PAGE>

     2.8 "Year  of  Service"  shall  mean   each  calendar  year  of  continuous
employment with an Employer after first being designated as an Eligible Employee
pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof.

     2.9 "Account" shall mean with respect to any Employee, the record of:

          (a)  credits in connection with the allocations,  if any,  credited to
               such account pursuant to Article Five of the Plan,

          (b)  payments  to Employee  under the Plan  pursuant to Article Six of
               the Plan, and

          (c)  forfeitures, if any, pursuant to Article Seven of the Plan.

     2.10  "Calculation  Year" shall mean the Company's  fiscal year immediately
preceding  the  year  for  which  the  Performance  Recognition  Pool  is  being
calculated.

     If there is an operating  loss in the year prior to the  Calculation  Year,
the "prior  year" to be used in the  following  definitions  and for Section 4.1
calculations is the first year prior to the Calculation  Year in which there was
an operating profit.

     2.11  "Minimum  Return on Equity"  shall mean a  percentage  applied to the
Company's  average  shareholder's  equity  (i.e.  mean of  beginning  and ending
balances,  adjusted for unrealized  investment gains or losses net of applicable
income taxes,  if any) for the  Calculation  Year. The percentage  shall be that
percentage, obtained from public information, equal to two times the mean of the
five-year  average  post-tax  yield  on  10  year  and  30  year  U.S.  Treasury
Securities.  The Committee shall annually  compute and announce this value as it
pertains to a Calculation Year.

     2.12  "Excess  Return  on  Equity"  shall  mean  the   Calculation   Year's
consolidated  net operating income in excess of the minimum Return on Equity all
calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,  (GAAP).
Net  operating  income  shall  exclude  realized  gains  or  losses  on sales of
investment securities or any other assets (irrespective of the treatment of such
amounts under GAAP) and extraordinary credits or charges.

     2.13  "Base Salary" shall mean the  Employee's  basic salary at the rate in
effect  at  the  end  of  the  Calculation  Year  excluding  bonuses,  overtime,
extraordinary  compensation and contributions to the Old Republic  International
Corporation Employees Savings and Stock Ownership Plan.

     2.14  "Consolidated  Net Operating  Income" shall mean the Company's income
determined in accordance  with generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  Net
operating  income shall exclude  realized gains or losses on sales of investment
securities  or any other assets  (irrespective  of the treatment of such amounts
under GAAP) and extraordinary credits or charges.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

     2.15  If in any Calculation  Year the Company  acquires any other  business
accounted for as a purchase whose earnings  contribute 5% or more to such Year's
consolidated net operating income,  the earnings of the acquired Company for the
year of acquisition and the next  succeeding year shall be eliminated  (together
with  related  purchase  accounting  adjustments)  in  order  to  calculate  the
performance  data described in Section 2.11 through 2.19 herein.  No elimination
from any year  shall be made when the  acquired  company  has been  owned by the
Company for two consecutive  calendar years.  Net operating income shall exclude
realized  gains or losses on sales of investment  securities or any other assets
(irrespective  of the  treatment of such amounts  under GAAP) and  extraordinary
credits or charges.

     2.16  "Earnings Per Share" shall mean fully diluted earnings per share (net
of any paid or accrued  dividends on preferred  stock)  calculated in accordance
with AICPA Accounting  Principles Board Opinion No. 15 or any later  superseding
opinions.

     2.17  "Profit Sharing Base" shall mean the sum of:

           (a)  Earnings Growth multiplied by the Earnings Per Share Multiplier.

           (b)  10% of Excess Return on Equity.

           (c)  7% of Base Salaries.

     2.18  "Earnings  Per  Share  Multiplier"  shall  mean a  percentage  of the
increase in the fully diluted  Earnings Per Share in the  Calculation  Year over
the preceding year as set forth in the following schedule:

                Percentage Increase                     Earnings
               In Earnings Per Share              Per Share Multiplier
               ---------------------              --------------------

               0% - 6%                   =                  0%
               6.01 to 10.00%            =                7.5%
               10.01 to 15.00%           =               10.0%
               15.01 to 20.00%           =               12.5%
               over 20                   =               15.0%

     2.19  "Earnings Growth" shall mean the Calculation Year's  Consolidated Net
Operating  Income  adjusted for dividend  requirements on preferred stock issued
and outstanding during such year in excess of the prior year's  Consolidated Net
Operating Income.

     2.20  "Cash Award" shall mean the 50% of each Eligible Employee's allocated
share of the Performance Recognition Pool which is paid in cash during any given
year.

     2.21  "Deferred  Award"  shall  mean  the 50% of each  Eligible  Employee's
allocated  share of the  Performance  Recognition  Pool which is credited to his
account, including any performance multiplier.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

     2.22 "Parent Company" shall mean Old Republic International Corporation.

     2.23 "Change of Control" shall mean any one of the following:

     (I)  the date the Board of Directors of the Parent Company votes to approve
          and recommends a stockholder vote to approve:

          (a)  any  consolidation  or merger of the Parent  Company in which the
               Parent Company is not the continuing or surviving  corporation or
               pursuant to which  shares of the Parent  Company's  Common  Stock
               would be converted into cash, securities or other property, other
               than any  consolidation  or merger of the Parent Company in which
               the  holders of the Parent  Company's  Common  Stock  immediately
               prior to the consolidation or merger have the same  proportionate
               ownership   of  common   stock  of  the   surviving   corporation
               immediately after the consolidation or merger; or

          (b)  any sale,  lease,  exchange or other transfer (in one transaction
               or a series of related  transactions)  of all,  or  substantially
               all,  of the assets of the Parent  Company,  other than any sale,
               lease,  exchange or other transfer to any  corporation  where the
               Parent Company owns, directly or indirectly,  at least 80% of the
               outstanding  voting securities of such corporation after any such
               transfer; or

          (c)  any plan or proposal for the  liquidation  or  dissolution of the
               Parent Company; or

    (II)  the date any  person  (as such  term is used in  Section  13(d) of the
          Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  hereinafter the "1934 Act"),  other
          than the Old Republic International  Corporation Employees Savings and
          Stock Ownership Trust or any other trust established by or contributed
          to by the Parent Company or any of its subsidiaries for the benefit of
          employees of the Parent Company or its subsidiaries,  shall become the
          beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act)
          of 20% or more of the Parent Company's outstanding Common Stock; or

   (III)  the  date,  during  any  period  of 24  consecutive  months,  on which
          individuals who at the beginning of such period  constitute the entire
          Board of Directors of the Parent Company shall cease for any reason to
          constitute a majority  thereof unless the election,  or the nomination
          for  election  by the  Parent  Company's  stockholders,  of  each  new
          director  comprising the majority was approved by a vote of at least a
          majority of the  Continuing  Directors,  as  hereinafter  defined,  in
          office on the date of such election or nomination  for election of the
          new director. For purposes hereof, a "Continuing Director" shall mean:

          (a)  any member of the Board of Directors of the Parent Company at the
               close of business on March 21, 2002;

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

          (b)  any member of the Board of  Directors  of the Parent  Company who
               succeeded any Continuing  Director  described in subparagraph (a)
               above if such successor was elected, or nominated for election by
               the  Parent  Company's   stockholders,   by  a  majority  of  the
               Continuing Directors then still in office; or

          (c)  any director  elected,  or  nominated  for election by the Parent
               Company's  stockholders,  to fill any  vacancy  or  newly-created
               directorship on the Board of Directors of the Parent Company by a
               majority of the Continuing Directors then still in office.


                                  ARTICLE THREE
                                  -------------
                                 ADMINISTRATION
                                 --------------


     3.1 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee.  The membership of the
Committee  may be  reduced,  changed,  or  increased  from  time  to time at the
absolute  discretion of the Office of the Chief Executive  Officer of the Parent
Company.

     3.2 The  Committee  shall have the  authority  to  interpret  the plan,  to
establish and revise rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and to make the
determinations  which it believes  necessary or advisable for the administration
of the Plan.


                                  ARTICLE FOUR
                                  ------------
                 CALCULATION OF THE PERFORMANCE RECOGNITION POOL
                 -----------------------------------------------


     4.1 Prior to each May 1, the  Compensation  Committee  shall  calculate the
amount  of the  Performance  Recognition  Pool for that  Calculation  Year.  The
Performance  Recognition  Pool for any  Calculation  Year  shall be equal to the
lesser of:

          (a)  the Profit Sharing Base for the Calculation Year;

          (b)  7%  of  the  Company's  consolidated  operating  earnings  (after
               deductions  of  preferred  stock  dividends,   if  any)  for  the
               Calculation Year;

          (c)  the  total  of a  percentage  of  the  Eligible  Employees'  Base
               Salaries, ranging from 10% to 50%.

     4.2 Notwithstanding any provisions herein to the contrary,  the Performance
Recognition  Pool  shall  be zero  for any year if the  Company  incurred  a net
operating loss in the Calculation Year.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE FIVE
                                  ------------
                 ALLOCATION OF THE PERFORMANCE RECOGNITION POOL
                 ----------------------------------------------


     5.1 Prior  to each  March  31,  the   Chief  Executive  Officer  shall,  in
consultation  with  the  Committee,  designate  the  Employees  employed  by the
Employers  during  any part of such  year who will be  eligible  to share in the
Performance Recognition Pool for that Calculation Year.

     5.2 On or before May 15,  the  Performance  Recognition  Pool for that year
shall be allocated among and credited to the accounts of the Eligible  Employees
on the  following  basis,  provided,  however,  that  the  office  of the  Chief
Executive  Officer of the Parent Company shall determine an individual award for
the CEO prior to other allocations for the year:

          (a)  The Profit  Sharing Pool  Individual  awards for the year will be
               determined according to criteria established in Section 5.3.

          (b)  From  this  determination,  Cash  Awards  are  paid  as  soon  as
               practicable,  and Deferred Awards are credited to the Accounts of
               Eligible Employees.

          (c)  The CEO  may,  in his  discretion,  reserve  up to 50% of any one
               year's Pool which will not be paid or  allocated  currently.  The
               CEO may carry forward the unallocated  portion of the Performance
               Recognition  Pool and allocate all or a portion of it pursuant to
               this subparagraph during one or more of the next succeeding three
               years; provided, however, that the total amount of any one year's
               carry forward must be allocated by the end of the third year.

     5.3 In  designating  Eligible  Employees  and  allocating  the  Performance
Recognition  Pool among the  Eligible  Employees  for any Year  pursuant to this
Article, the CEO shall consider the positions and responsibilities of Employees,
their accomplishments  during the year, the value of such accomplishments to the
Company,  the CEO' s expectations as to the future  contributions  of individual
Employees to the continued  success of the Company and such other factors as the
CEO and the Committee shall, in their discretion and judgment, deem appropriate.


                                   ARTICLE SIX
                                   -----------
                                  DISTRIBUTIONS
                                  -------------


     6.1 The entire  amount of the credit in the Account of a deceased  Eligible
Employee,  and  Eligible  Employee  who attains  age 55 or actually  retires for
disability  prior  thereto,  shall be paid to the  person  or  persons  entitled
thereto at the times and in the manner  provided  in Sections  6.4,  6.6 and 6.8
hereof.

     6.2 Employees may not make withdrawals from their Accounts while continuing
to be employed by an Employer.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

     6.3 Eligible  Employee  as of  the date he  terminates  his service for any
reason other than his death or retirement for age or disability shall be paid to
the person or persons  entitled  thereto at the times and in the manner provided
by  Section  6.5  hereof.  The  amount  to be paid  shall be known as a  "vested
interest," and shall be equal to the following  percentage of the balance of his
credit in his Account:

         "Completed Years of Service"      To Be Paid (Vested Interest)
         ----------------------------      ----------------------------

                  Less than one                         0%
                      One                              10%
                      Two                              20%
                      Three                            30%
                      Four                             40%
                      Five                             50%
                      Six                              60%
                      Seven                            70%
                      Eight                            80%
                      Nine                             90%
                      Ten                             100%

     Any  amount  not  vested in an  Employee  shall be  forfeited.  Forfeitures
created  during any year shall be allocated at the end of said year to Employees
in the Plan and actively  employed by an Employer on December 31 of that year in
the ratio that the  Account  balance of each such  Employee on January 1 of that
year bears to the total account balance of all such Employees.

     6.4 Amounts  payable to an  Eligible  Employee  who retires for age,  after
attaining age 55, shall be paid to the Employee in substantially equal quarterly
installments  over a number of years (not to exceed seven years) selected by the
Committee,  in its sole  discretion,  beginning on the first day of the calendar
quarter following the later of the Employee's attaining age 55 or termination of
employment.  In determining the number of installments the Committee may consult
with  the  Eligible  Employee  and may also  consider  as a  guideline  that the
retirement  programs sponsored by Employers hereunder should equal approximately
80% of the Eligible Employee's average compensation over the last three years of
employment.

     6.5 If an Employee's  employment with an Employer is terminated for reasons
other than death,  disability,  or retirement after attaining age 55, his or her
vested  Account  balance  shall  be  paid to him or her in  substantially  equal
quarterly  installments over a number of years (not to exceed seven) selected by
the Committee  beginning on the first day of the calendar quarter  following the
later of (a) his or her  attaining age 55 or (b) the 12th month after his or her
termination of employment.

     6.6 If an Employee becomes disabled while employed by an Employer but prior
to receiving his or her Account, his or her Account balance shall be paid to him
or her in 40 substantially equal quarterly  installments  beginning on the first
day of the calendar  quarter  following the month during which he or she becomes

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

disabled.  For  purposes  of this  Article,  an  Employee  shall be deemed to be
disabled if he or she is totally and permanently  disabled within the meaning of
the Employer's group.

     6.7 If an Employee is eligible for no other  benefits  under this Plan, his
entire Account balance shall become fully vested and  non-forfeitable  and shall
be paid to him in a lump sum on the first day of the calendar quarter  following
the date on which any  Change of  Control  occurs.  If there is a carry  forward
balance  not  allocated  pursuant  to  Section  5.2 (c) when a Change of Control
occurs,  such carry forward  balance shall be  immediately  allocated  among the
Accounts of all Employees in the ratio that each such Employee's Account balance
bears to the total of all such Account balances.  Said additional  amounts shall
be 100% vested and paid in accordance  with the provisions of this Article.  Any
subsequent contributions allocated to an Employee's Account during the two years
following the occurrence of a Change of Control because the Plan is continued in
accordance  with  Section  8.2  hereof  shall be  non-forfeitable  and  shall be
distributed immediately after such allocation.

     6.8 An Employee may designate in writing,  on forms prescribed by and filed
with the  Committee,  a  beneficiary  or  beneficiaries  to receive any payments
payable after his death.  If an Employee  dies while  employed by an Employer or
after he has begun to receive his benefits under this Plan, his Account  balance
(or the remainder of his Account balance if his benefits had already  commenced)
shall be paid to the  beneficiary  or  beneficiaries  designated by the Employee
(or,  in the absence of such  designation,  to his legal  representative).  Such
payments  shall  be made in one of the  following  forms  as  determined  by the
Committee: (i) substantially equal quarterly installments over a number of years
(not to exceed 10 years),  (ii) a lump sum payment,  or (iii) any combination of
the above options.

     6.9 If an Employee is adjudged  incompetent  or if the Committee  deems him
unqualified  to handle  his own  affairs,  the  Committee  may  direct  that any
payments  which would have  otherwise been payable to the Employee shall be paid
(in the same amounts and on the same dates as such payments would have been paid
to the Employee) to the guardian or conservator of such Employee or, if none has
been appointed, the Committee may, in its discretion,  direct that such payments
be made  to the  Employee's  spouse  or  adult  child  or any  other  person  or
institution  who is caring for such  Employee  and any payments so made shall to
the extent  thereof  fully release and discharge the Committee and the Employers
from any further liability to the Employee.

     6.10 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the
Committee may upon an Employee's death, disability, or termination of employment
distribute his Account  balance to him (or his beneficiary in the case of death,
or his guardian or to the person or institution caring for him in the event that
he is adjudged incompetent or considered by the Committee to be unable to manage
his own affairs) more quickly than that called for in Section 6.2 through 6.8 if
the Committee in its sole discretion deem it is desirable to do so.

     6.11 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the contrary, the
Committee may deduct from any payments  under the Plan any taxes  required to be
withheld by the Federal or any state or local government for the account of such
Employees.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE SEVEN
                                  -------------
                                   FORFEITURES
                                   -----------


     7.1 As a condition to the  continued  receipt of benefits  hereunder,  each
employee:

          (a)  shall  be  required  for  a  period  of  three  years  after  his
               termination  of  employment  with an Employer  hereunder  to hold
               himself  available to the Company and his Employer for reasonable
               consultation insofar as his health permits;

          (b)  shall not for a period of three  years after his  termination  of
               employment with an Employer hereunder, either as an individual on
               his own account;  as a partner,  joint venture,  employee,  agent
               salesman for any person;  as an officer,  director or stockholder
               (other  than a  beneficial  holder  of not  more  than  1% of the
               outstanding voting stock of a company having at least 500 holders
               of voting  stock) of a  corporation,  or  otherwise,  directly or
               indirectly:

               (i)  enter into or engage in any business  competitive  with that
                    carried on by the Company or his Employer within any area of
                    the United  States in which his  Employer  or the Company is
                    doing business,  providing Employee has had access to any of
                    the  Company's  or  his  Employer's  trade  secrets,  secret
                    underwriting or business information,  programs plans, data,
                    processes,  techniques,  or  customer  information;  or

              (ii)  solicit or attempt to solicit any of his  Employer's  or the
                    Company's customers with whom Employee has had contact as an
                    Employee   in   the   exercise   of   his/her   duties   and
                    responsibilities  hereunder  with the  intent or  purpose to
                    perform for such customer the same or similar services or to
                    sell to  such  customer  the  same or  similar  products  or
                    policies which performed for or sold to such customer during
                    the term of his employment.

     If the  Committee  determined  that an Employee has refused to make himself
available for  consultation  or violated his  agreement,  the Committee  may, by
written notice to such Employee,  cause his benefits to be immediately suspended
for the  duration of such refusal or  competition  or if payment of benefits has
not yet commenced,  notify the Employee that such continued conduct will cause a
forfeiture  of his  Account  balance.  If after the  sending of such  notice the
Committee  finds  that the  Employee  has  continued  to  refuse to  consult  or
continued  to compete  with the Company or his  Employer  for a period of thirty
(30) days  following  such notice,  the  Committee  may  permanently  cancel the
Employee's  Account  hereunder,  and thereupon all rights of such Employee under
this  Plan  shall  terminate.  The  foregoing  forfeiture  provisions  shall  be
inoperative if any Change of Control occurs.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

     7.2 Any amount forfeited  Pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof shall be allocated
as a forfeiture in accordance with Section 6.3 hereof.


                                  ARTICLE EIGHT
                                  -------------
                            AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION
                            -------------------------


     8.1 The Company  shall have the power at any time and/or from time to time,
to amend this Plan by resolution of its Board of Directors;  provided,  however,
that no  amendment  under any  circumstances  may be adopted the effect of which
would be to deprive any Participant of his/her then vested interest,  if any, in
this Plan.

     8.2 The Company  reserves the right to terminate this Plan by resolution of
its  Board of  Directors.  Upon  termination  of this  Plan the  credits  in the
Accounts of Employees shall become 100% vested and non-forfeitable. Distribution
of the balances in said Accounts  shall be made in accordance  with Sections 6.3
and 6.4 hereof upon the  Employee's  subsequent  retirement  or  termination  of
service. There shall be no increase in an Account balance of an Employee between
the date the Plan is terminated and the date the Account balance is distributed.
If a Change of Control occurs,  the Plan as it then exists must be continued and
contributions made for two years before it can be terminated. All Accounts shall
be fully vested and  distribution  shall be made in accordance  with Section 6.7
hereof.


                                  ARTICLE NINE
                                  ------------
                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------


     9.1 No Employee or any other  person shall have any interest in any fund or
reserve  account  or in any  specific  asset or  assets  of the  Company  or any
Employer  by reason of any credit to his Account  under this Plan,  nor have the
right to receive  any  distribution  under this Plan except as and to the extent
expressly provided for in the plan.

     9.2 Nothing in this plan shall be construed to:

     (a)  give any  Employee  any right to  participate  in the Plan,  except in
          accordance with the provisions of the Plan;

     (b)  limit in any way the right of an Employer to terminate  an  Employee's
          employment; or

     (c)  be evidence of any agreement or  understanding,  expressed or implied,
          that an Employer will employ an Employee in any particular position or
          at any particular rate of remuneration.

     9.3 No benefits  under this Plan shall be pledged,  assigned,  transferred,
sold or in any manner  whatsoever  anticipated,  charged,  or  encumbered  by an
Employee,  former Employee,  or their beneficiaries,  or in any manner be liable
for the debts,  contracts,  obligations  or  engagements  of any person having a

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

possible  interest in the Plan,  voluntary  or  involuntary,  or for any claims,
legal or equitable, against any such person, including claims for alimony or the
support of any spouse.

     9.4 This Plan shall be construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State
of  Illinois  in  every  respect,   including  without   limitation,   validity,
interpretation, and performance.

     9.5 Article  headings and numbers  herein are included for  convenience  of
reference only, and this Plan is to be construed without any reference  thereto.
If there is any conflict  between such numbers and headings and the text hereof,
the text shall control.

     9.6 Wherever  appropriate,  words used in this Plan in the singular include
the plural and the masculine includes the feminine.


     IN WITNESS  HEREOF,  the  Company  has caused this Plan to be signed by its
duly qualified  officers and caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed on
the 25th day of March, 2002.





                                             OLD REPUBLIC RISK MANAGEMENT, INC.


                                             By:  /s/  A.C. Zucaro
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Chairman


Attest:

/s/  Lawrence J. Francione
------------------------------
Vice President. Treasurer and
Chief Financial Officer

                                      -11-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
