<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c75235exv2w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.2 CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                               .
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2


<Table>
<S>                                                                     <C>
                             CERTIFICATE OF MERGER                      Filed in the Department of
                                      OF                                State on FEB 18 2003
                              CHIRAL QUEST, LLC,
                    a Pennsylvania limited liability company            /s/ Benjamin Ramos
                                 WITH AND INTO                          --------------------------
                             CQ ACQUISITION, INC.,                      Secretary of Commonwealth
                           a Minnesota corporation
</Table>


To the Secretary of State
State of Pennsylvania:


         THE UNDERSIGNED, Alan D. Roth, Chief Executive Officer of Chiral Quest,
LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company ("Chiral Quest"), and Kenneth W.
Brimmer, Chief Executive Officer of CQ Acquisition, Inc., a Minnesota
corporation ("CQ"), hereby certify as follows:

         1. Attached as EXHIBIT A hereto is the Plan of Merger for the merger of
Chiral Quest with and into CQ, which has been duly adopted by the Board of
Directors of Chiral Quest and the Board of Directors of CQ (this Certificate of
Merger, together with the attached Plan of Merger, shall constitute a single
document).

         2. The Plan of Merger has been approved by the holders of the
outstanding membership interests of Chiral Quest and the sole shareholder of CQ
in accordance with Section 8957 of the Pennsylvania Limited Liability Company
Law of 1994 and the Minnesota Business Corporation Act.

         3. The merger shall be effective upon the filing of this Certificate of
Merger with the Secretary of State of Pennsylvania.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being Chief Executive Officer of
Chiral Quest and Chief Executive Officer of CQ, respectively, have executed this
document on behalf of their respective corporations this 12th day of February,
2003.

CHIRAL QUEST, LLC                             CQ ACQUISITION, INC.


By: /s/ Alan D. Roth                          By: /s/ Kenneth W. Brimmer
    ---------------------------                   -------------------------
        Alan D. Roth                                  Kenneth W. Brimmer
        Chief Executive Officer                       Chief Executive Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                                 PLAN OF MERGER


         WHEREAS, CQ is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws
of the State of Minnesota and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Surg II, Inc., a
Minnesota corporation ("Surg");

         WHEREAS, Chiral Quest is a limited liability company duly organized and
existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;

         WHEREAS, on the date hereof, CQ has authority to issue 1,000 shares of
capital stock, all of which have been issued as Common Stock, par value $.01 per
share, to Surg;

         WHEREAS, on the date hereof, Chiral Quest has authority to issue
100,000,000 units of limited liability company membership interests ("Chiral
Quest Units") of which there are 11,500,000 outstanding Chiral Quest Units;

         WHEREAS, on the date hereof, there are outstanding 4,348,720 shares of
common stock, par value $.01 per share ("Surg Common Stock"), of Surg; and

         WHEREAS, the board of directors and board of managers of CQ and Chiral
Quest, respectively, having each determined that it is advisable and in the best
interests of such entities and their respective shareholders and members that
Chiral Quest merge with and into CQ upon the terms and conditions provided
herein and in that certain Merger Agreement dated November 12, 2002 (the "Merger
Agreement"), by and among, Chiral Quest, Surg, and CQ, have unanimously approved
this Plan of Merger (the "Plan"), as set forth below, and directed that the Plan
be submitted to a vote of the sole shareholder of CQ and to holders of
outstanding Chiral Quest Units.

         1. Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth,
at the Effective Time Chiral Quest will merge with and into CQ in accordance
with this Plan. The term "Surviving Corporation" as used herein shall mean CQ,
after giving effect to the Merger. The term "Effective Time" shall mean the time
when both a certificate of merger prepared in accordance with the provisions of
Section 8958 of the LLCL and articles of merger prepared in accordance with the
provisions of Section 302A.615 have been filed with the Pennsylvania Department
of State and the Minnesota Secretary of State, or such other later time or date
as may be specified in such certificate of merger and articles of merger.

         2. Principal and Registered Offices. The principal office of CQ is 800
Nicollet Mall, Suite 2650, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402. The registered office
of CQ in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is as follows: c/o CT Corporation
System, 1515 Market Street, Suite 1210, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The
principal office of Chiral Quest is 1981 Pine Hall Drive, State College,
Pennsylvania 16801 and the registered office of Chiral Quest is 149 W. Fairmont
Avenue, State College, Pennsylvania 16801.

         3. Corporate Documents. The Articles of Incorporation of CQ, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall continue to be the
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation without change or
amendment until further amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and
applicable law. The Bylaws of CQ, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall continue to be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
without change or amendment until further amended in accordance with the
provisions thereof and applicable law.
<PAGE>

         4. Succession. At the Effective Time, CQ shall succeed to Chiral Quest
in the manner of and as more fully set forth in Section 302A.641, Subdivisions 2
and 3 of the MBCA, and in Section 8959 of the Pennsylvania Limited Liability
Company Law.

         5. Effect on Chiral Quest Membership Units. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof,
each Chiral Quest Unit outstanding immediately prior thereto shall be changed
and converted automatically into 0.752374 fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Surg Common Stock, rounded to the nearest whole share (the "Merger Shares").

         6. Effect on Chiral Quest Options and Warrants. All options and
warrants to purchase Chiral Quest Units outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall convert into the right to purchase the same number of
Merger Shares as the holder thereof would have been entitled to receive if such
option or warrant had been exercised immediately prior to the Effective Time,
except that any fractional shares of Surg Common Stock subject to any such
converted option or warrant must be rounded to the nearest whole share; and the
exercise price per share of Surg Common Stock under each such converted option
or warrant will be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the exercise price
per Chiral Quest Unit under each outstanding Chiral Quest option or warrant by
0.752374, except that the exercise price under each converted option or warrant
must be made rounded to the nearest cent.

         7. Exchange of Unit Certificates. At and after the Effective Time, all
of the outstanding certificates which prior to that time represented Chiral
Quest Units shall be deemed for all purposes to evidence ownership of and to
represent the Merger Shares into which the Chiral Quest Units represented by
such certificates have been converted as herein provided. The registered owner
on the books and records of Chiral Quest of any such outstanding Chiral Quest
Unit certificate shall, until such certificate shall have been surrendered for
transfer or otherwise accounted for to CQ or its transfer agent, have and be
entitled to exercise any voting and other rights with respect to and to receive
any dividend and other distributions upon the shares of Merger Shares evidenced
by such outstanding certificate as above provided.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
