<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.M
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>b323946_ex10m.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LICENSE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit 10(m)

    Portions of this document indicated by an ++ have been omitted and filed
       separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
            a request for confidential treatment of such information

                                LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement, dated February 18, 2003, ("Agreement") is entered into
by and between Scanis, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of the State of California, having an office and place of business at 1111
Triton Drive, Suite 201, Foster City, CA 94404 (hereinafter referred to as
"SCANIS") and iCAD, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
the State of Delaware, having an office and place of business at 4 Townsend
West, Suite 17, Nashua, NH 03063 (hereinafter referred to as "ICAD").

                                    STATEMENT

SCANIS is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to U.S. Patent
No. 5,212,637 of May 18, 1993, entitled "Method Of Investigating Mammograms For
Masses And Calcifications, And Apparatus For Practicing Such Method", Canadian
Patent No. 2,069,429 and Japanese Patent No. 3,121,008. SCANIS desires to grant
and ICAD desires to receive a license under such patents and any related patents
to manufacture, market, and sell products incorporating the invention claimed in
such patents and any related patents.

ICAD and its Subsidiaries also develop, manufacture and sell medical film
digitizers suitable for use in medical imaging and analysis, and uniquely
applicable to SCANIS' business and business objectives. Prior to this Agreement,
ICAD retained the right to limit or deny SCANIS access to such current and
prospective digitizer products, actions by ICAD that would substantially enhance
ICAD's competitive position with respect to SCANIS in SCANIS' key markets.
Failure of SCANIS to acquire such digitizer products from ICAD is deemed likely
by SCANIS to materially and adversely affect SCANIS business plan, operations
and financial performance.

By a concurrent Original Equipment Manufacturing Supply Agreement, dated the
same date as this Agreement, (the "OEM Agreement") between SCANIS and Howtek
Devices Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICAD ("HOWTEK"), ICAD makes
such digitizer products available to SCANIS, substantially enhancing SCANIS'
competitive position with respect to ICAD in ICAD's key markets. The parties
acknowledge that making ICAD digitizers available to SCANIS is expected to
materially increase sales of computer aided detection systems by SCANIS and
materially decrease sales of computer aided detection systems by ICAD, and
therefore represents a significant, material and continuing element of
consideration herein.

Additionally, in bargaining herein, the parties have agreed to certain credits
to be granted by ICAD to SCANIS with respect to the purchase of HOWTEK
digitizers over the term of this Agreement.

Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, the
parties agree as follows:

      1.    DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
            have the meaning indicated below:

            a.    "Licensed Patents" shall mean those patents identified in
                  Exhibit 1 to this Agreement.

            b.    "Licensed Patent Rights" shall mean the rights which are held
                  or which come to be held by SCANIS and its successors and
                  assigns by virtue of its ownership of the Licensed Patents.

            c.    "Licensed Products" shall include scanners, digitizers, and
                  other equipment, software, firmware and methods for medical
                  imaging and/or analysis, whether those products presently
                  exist or are developed in the future, that contain, reduce to
                  practice or otherwise incorporate some or all inventions that
                  are subject to the Licensed Patent Rights.

                                       1
<PAGE>
            d.    "Subsidiary" shall mean any business entities (1) of which, as
                  of the Effective Date of this Agreement, ICAD owns more than
                  50% of the voting ownership interests or has the ability to
                  elect a majority of the members of the governing body of such
                  business entity; and (2) which may be organized by iCAD,
                  subsequent to the Effective Date of this Agreement, for bone
                  fide organizational, manufacturing, legal, liability
                  management or tax management purposes, or to comply with
                  foreign laws, regulations or market requirements.

            e.    "Effective Date" shall mean the date on which the last party
                  to this Agreement executes this Agreement or the date upon
                  which all of the parties to the OEM Agreement have executed
                  that agreement, whichever is the last to occur.

      2.    WARRANTIES.

            a.    SCANIS warrants and represents as follows:

                  i.    that it is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire
                        right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Patent
                        Rights and to the invention disclosed and claimed
                        therein;

                  ii.   that it has the right to enter into this Agreement with
                        ICAD;

                  iii.  that there are no liens, conveyances, mortgages,
                        assignments, encumbrances or other agreements which
                        would prevent or impair the full and complete exercise
                        by ICAD and its Subsidiaries of all rights and licenses
                        granted by SCANIS in this Agreement;

                  iv.   that it has not entered into, and shall not enter into,
                        any agreements which would interfere with the rights and
                        licenses granted pursuant to this License Agreement for
                        the full term of this Agreement;

                  v.    that as of the date of this Agreement, it does not own
                        or control any other patent or patent application
                        relating to scanners or digitizers or related software
                        or methods for medical imaging;

                  vi.   that as of the Effective Date of this License Agreement,
                        it has not received an assertion from any third party,
                        nor an opinion from its counsel, that the Licensed
                        Patent Rights are invalid or unenforceable for any
                        reason.

            b.    ICAD warrants and represents as follows:

                  i.    that it has the right to enter into this Agreement with
                        SCANIS and that HOWTEK has the right to enter into the
                        OEM Agreement with SCANIS;

                  ii.   that ICAD's entry into this Agreement and the
                        performance of ICAD's obligations under this Agreement
                        will not constitute a breach of or default under of any
                        agreement to which it is bound or a violation of any
                        court or administrative order or decree to which it is
                        subject;

                  iii.  that HOWTEK's entry into the OEM Agreement and the
                        performance of HOWTEK's obligations under that agreement
                        will not constitute a breach of or default under of any
                        agreement to which it is bound or a violation of any
                        court or administrative judgment or order to which it is
                        subject;

                  iv.   except with respect to that patent litigation commenced
                        by R2 Technologies, et al, against iCAD, that neither
                        ICAD nor HOWTEK is the subject of any pending or
                        threatened suit or administrative action nor, to the
                        knowledge of ICAD, any investigation which may result in
                        a judgment or order that would reasonably be expected to
                        prohibit or limit ICAD or HOWTEK from performing their
                        respective obligations under this Agreement or the OEM
                        Agreement;

                  v.    that Exhibit 2 to this Agreement sets forth a complete
                        list of all business entities that are Subsidiaries of
                        ICAD as of the Effective Date.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      3.    LICENSE, RELEASE AND COVENANT.

            a.    SCANIS, on behalf of itself and its successors and assigns in
                  the Licensed Patent Rights, hereby grants to ICAD and its
                  Subsidiaries a non-exclusive, world-wide, right and license to
                  make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, lease, import,
                  export, or otherwise dispose of Licensed Products throughout
                  the world.

            b.    SCANIS hereby releases and discharges ICAD as well as any end
                  users, distributors, customers, dealers, licensees and
                  suppliers of ICAD throughout the world, whether direct or
                  indirect, immediate or remote, from any and all claims for
                  infringement of the Licensed Patent Rights which SCANIS had at
                  any time prior to the Effective Date or may have in the future
                  based on acts before the Effective Date under the Licensed
                  Patents Rights arising out of the manufacture, use, license,
                  sale, offer for sale, lease, import, export, or other
                  disposition of Licensed Products manufactured, sold, offered
                  for sale, leased, imported, exported or otherwise disposed of
                  by or on behalf of ICAD or its Subsidiaries.

            c.    SCANIS further agrees for itself and its successors and
                  assigns that, except in the event of termination of this
                  License Agreement by SCANIS for cause, it will not at any time
                  or in any capacity assert any claim or commence or prosecute
                  any action, suit, or proceeding against ICAD or against any
                  end user, distributor, customer, dealer, licensee or supplier
                  of ICAD, whether direct or indirect, immediate or remote,
                  based on infringement of the Licensed Patent Rights by the
                  direct and/or contributory infringement or by inducement
                  arising out of the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale,
                  lease, import, export, or other disposition of scanners and
                  digitizers made, used, sold, offered for sale, leased,
                  imported, exported, or otherwise disposed of by or on behalf
                  of ICAD or its Subsidiaries.

            d.    Except as set forth in section 1.(d)(2), if any business
                  entity which is not a Subsidiary as of the Effective Date of
                  this Agreement becomes a Subsidiary (a "New Subsidiary"), that
                  New Subsidiary shall not have the license pertaining to the
                  Licensed Patent Rights set forth in this Agreement unless
                  SCANIS agrees in writing to the extension of this license to
                  that New Subsidiary. Nothing in this Agreement shall place any
                  obligation on SCANIS to agree to such an extension of the
                  license to a New Subsidiary.

            e.    Products manufactured by ICAD's licensees, OEM and
                  private-label customers incorporating ICAD's Licensed Products
                  receive, as to such products, the same license release and
                  non-assertion granted in this Agreement, to the extent that
                  such products infringe the Licensed Patents as a result of the
                  normal and intended use of such Licensed Products.

      4.    CONSIDERATION. In consideration of the license granted under this
            Agreement, SCANIS shall be entitled to receive the following
            consideration:

            a.    ICAD agrees to make certain digitizer products available to
                  SCANIS, as set forth in the OEM Agreement, notwithstanding the
                  fact that such products will be used by SCANIS to compete with
                  ICAD in certain markets;

            b.    SCANIS shall receive the following reduction in the per unit
                  purchase price of digitizers SCANIS purchases from HOWTEK (the
                  "Credits") pursuant to the OEM Agreement:

                  i.    As to ICAD and its Subsidiaries' MultiRAD Film Digitizer
                        (as further defined in the OEM Agreement), the Credit
                        shall be ++ per unit purchased.

                  ii.   As to ICAD and its Subsidiaries' Fulcrum Film Digitizer
                        (as further defined in the OEM Agreement), the Credit
                        shall be ++ per unit purchased.

            c.    The Credits set forth herein shall be taken within a period of
                  five years from the Effective Date of this Agreement, and
                  credits not taken within such period shall expire.

            d.    The per-unit credit granted pursuant to this paragraph shall,
                  in any case, be limited so as not to reduce HOWTEK's gross
                  margin after application of the credit to less than ++ as
                  defined by generally accepted accounting standards.

            e.    The maximum aggregate Credits SCANIS will be eligible to
                  receive under this Agreement shall be ++.


[++ represents confidential treatment request]


                                       3
<PAGE>

            f.    A Credit for any unit of a product will be deemed received by
                  SCANIS when SCANIS becomes obligated to pay for that product.
                  If a SCANIS returns a product that does not comply with the
                  warranties set forth in the OEM Agreement and receives a
                  refund of the purchase price or does not receive a replacement
                  product that comply with those warranties, the amount of the
                  Credit attributed to the purchase of that product will be
                  subtracted from the aggregate Credits SCANIS will be deemed to
                  have received.

            g.    The Credits shall be applicable only to purchases by or on
                  behalf of Scanis for use with Scanis' Computer-aided detection
                  system, by Scanis, its subsidiaries, distributors and
                  licensees. In the event of the acquisition of Scanis by any
                  third party, the Credits shall be thereafter be applicable to
                  purchases with respect to Scanis' scale and volume of overall
                  computer-aided detection business at the time of such
                  acquisition, plus annual increases equal to the greater of (1)
                  Scanis' growth rate prior to acquisition, and (2) overall
                  market growth), and shall not otherwise be assignable,
                  acquirable or assumable.

            h.    The rights and licenses granted to ICAD herein shall survive
                  termination of the Original Equipment Manufacturer Supply
                  Agreement.

      5.    TERM.

            a.    Except as provided below, the term of the licenses and
                  non-assertions granted herein shall exist from and including
                  the Effective Date to and including the expiration date of the
                  last to expire of the Licensed Patent Rights and at least
                  until all claims for alleged infringement of all such patents
                  are barred by U.S. laws and the U.S. patent statute, and by
                  the laws and statutes of any foreign country in which any one
                  of the Licensed Patent Rights are in force and effect.

            b.    Paragraph 5a notwithstanding, the license granted under
                  paragraphs 3a and 3c of this Agreement shall immediately
                  terminate upon the occurrence of either of the following
                  events:

                  i.    The license will terminate upon notice to ICAD if ICAD
                        or any it's Subsidiaries commits a material breach of
                        this Agreement, and ICAD and/or the Subsidiary in breach
                        does not cure that breach within thirty (30) days of
                        receiving notice of that breach from SCANIS.

                  ii.   The license will terminate upon notice to ICAD if it
                        files a petition for dissolution or ceases active
                        operation as a corporation.

                  iii.  The license granted to any Subsidiary of ICAD will
                        terminate with respect to that Subsidiary upon notice to
                        ICAD if the Subsidiary files a petition for dissolution
                        or ceases active operation as a corporation.

                  iv.   The termination of the license as provided in paragraph
                        6b shall not constitute a termination of any provisions
                        of this Agreement other than paragraphs 3a and 3c.

      6.    PATENT MARKING. ICAD agrees that pursuant to a request by SCANIS, it
            will mark Licensed Products or the packaging therefor with
            appropriate patent notices as may be appropriate under the Patent
            Laws of the United States and the laws of any other jurisdictions in
            which SCANIS obtains patents with respect to the inventions subject
            to the Licensed Patent Rights. Such notices shall clearly identify
            SCANIS as the owner of the Licensed Patent Rights. At SCANIS's
            request, ICAD shall provide specimens of Licensed Products and
            packaging showing patent notices to be placed upon such products and
            packaging.

      7.    PATENT ENFORCEMENT.

            a.    If ICAD becomes aware that any third party is infringing or
                  may be infringing upon the Licensed Patent Rights, ICAD agrees
                  that it will provide SCANIS with notice of such infringement.
                  ICAD agrees that it will provide SCANIS with such a notice of
                  infringement promptly, but in any event by no later than ten
                  (10) days after it becomes aware of such infringement.

                                       4
<PAGE>

            b.    SCANIS shall have the sole right to enforce and perfect the
                  Licensed Patent Rights. In this regard, SCANIS shall have the
                  sole right to take any action in response to actual or
                  possible infringement of the Licensed Patent Rights, including
                  but not limited to the right to make, in its sole discretion,
                  all decisions as to: (i) whether to commence litigation
                  against any infringer of these rights; (ii) the manner in
                  which it conducts this litigation; (iii) whether to resolve
                  such litigation through settlement; and (iv) the terms under
                  which it may settle such litigation. SCANIS reserves the
                  right, in its sole discretion, to resolve any threatened or
                  pending legal action pertaining to the Licensed Patent Rights
                  by granting a license to such third party on terms SCANIS
                  deems to be acceptable. The foregoing notwithstanding, SCANIS
                  agrees that it shall not enter into any settlement of such
                  litigation that would terminate or modify the license ICAD and
                  its Subsidiaries have received under paragraph 3 of this
                  Agreement without ICAD's prior written consent.

      8.    NO CHALLENGE TO RIGHTS - AKNOWLEDGEMENT OF OWNERSHIP.

            a.    ICAD, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiaries (but not on
                  behalf of any acquirer, successor or New Subsidiary of iCAD
                  which is, by the terms of this Agreement, denied the rights
                  granted to iCAD under paragraph 3, hereof), agrees that it
                  shall not, nor allow its Subsidiaries to: (i) challenge the
                  validity the Licensed Patent Rights or SCANIS's ownership of
                  those Licensed Patent Rights; or (ii) assert any ownership
                  interest or other interest in the Licensed Patent Rights or
                  any invention described therein other than the license granted
                  in paragraph 3 of this Agreement.

            b.    No later than two (2) weeks following the date of this
                  Agreement, ICAD shall issue a public statement announcing that
                  is has entered into this Agreement and has received a
                  non-exclusive license from SCANIS with respect to the Licensed
                  Patent Rights. The announcement shall further state that
                  SCANIS is the owner of the Licensed Patent Rights. ICAD agrees
                  that it will provide a copy of the proposed public
                  announcement no later than seventy-two (72) hours prior to its
                  scheduled release.

      9.    RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.

            a.    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to (i)
                  make either party or any employee of such party the agent,
                  employee, joint venture or partner of the other party; (ii)
                  provide either party or any employee of such party with the
                  power or authority to act on behalf of the other party or to
                  bind the other party to any contract, agreement or arrangement
                  with any other person.

            b.    All personnel employed or otherwise engaged by either party
                  shall be the agents, servants, and employees of such party
                  only, and the other party shall incur no obligations or
                  liabilities, express or implied, by reason of the conduct of
                  such personnel.

      10.   WAIVER. Waiver by either party hereto of any breach or default by
            the other party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
            shall not operate as a waiver of any other breach or default,
            whether similar to or different from the breach or default waived. A
            party may only be deemed to have waived any breach or default by the
            other party if that waiver is in writing and is signed by that
            party.

      11.   COSTS AND EXPENSES. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
            each party hereto shall be responsible for its own expenses incurred
            in connection with the performance of its obligations under this
            Agreement.

      12.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement represents the entire understanding
            and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject
            matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior negotiations,
            representations, and agreements made by and between the parties
            concerning that subject matter. No alteration, amendment or
            modification of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement
            shall be valid unless made pursuant to an instrument in writing
            signed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that the
            waiver by either party hereto of compliance by the other party with
            any provision hereof or of any breach or default of such other party
            need be signed only by the party waiving such provision, breach or
            default. The foregoing notwithstanding, nothing in this Agreement
            shall constitute the termination or amendment of any agreement
            between SCANIS and HOWTEK.

      13.   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
            in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding that
            state's conflict of laws principles.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      14.   NON-ASSIGNMENT.

            a.    Except as expressly provided herein, ICAD and its Subsidiaries
                  may not assign their rights under this Agreement to any other
                  person or entity, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
                  without the prior written consent of SCANIS, which may be
                  withheld in SCANIS' sole discretion. Any assignment or
                  purported assignment by ICAD or any Subsidiaries in violation
                  of this paragraph shall be null and void.

            b.    Notwithstanding the above, in the event of the acquisition of
                  iCAD by another party, the licenses granted under paragraph 3
                  shall remain effective with respect to Licensed Products
                  equivalent in annual sales value to the annual sales value of
                  Licensed Products by iCAD and its Subsidiaries as of the time
                  of such acquisition, plus annual increases equal to the
                  greater of (1) iCAD's and its Subsidiairies' growth rate prior
                  to acquisition, and (2) overall market growth.

            c.    Subject to paragraph 4(g), SCANIS may assign its rights under
                  this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be binding upon and
                  inure to the benefit of SCANIS's assignees and successors.

      15.   NOTICES. All notices provided for in this Agreement shall be
            effective when they are served either by personal delivery, or sent
            by letter by overnight courier service with acknowledgment of
            receipt required and simultaneously sent by facsimile to the
            receiving party at the following address:

                         If to ICAD:

                         Chief Executive Officer
                         iCAD, Inc.
                         4 Townsend West, Suite 17, Nashua, NH 03063
                         Fax: (603) 880-3843

                         If to SCANIS:
                         Chief Executive Officer
                         SCANIS, INC.
                         1111 Triton Drive, Suite 201, Foster City, CA 94494
                         Fax: (650) 378-4109

                         With a copy to:

                         Frederick K. Koenen
                         Foley & Lardner
                         One Maritime Plaza, Sixth Floor
                         San Francisco, CA  94111
                         Fax: (415) 434-4507


      or such other addresses either party shall hereinafter designate in
      writing to the other party.


                                       6
<PAGE>

      16.   INVALIDITY OF PROVISIONS. If a court of competent jurisdiction
            determines that any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, it
            is agreed that such unenforceability shall not invalidate the whole
            agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as if it did not
            contain such provisions, insofar as such construction does not
            materially affect the overall benefit of the bargain evidenced in
            this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto
            shall be construed and enforced accordingly. If deletion of the
            unenforceable provision would materially affect the overall benefit
            of the bargain of the parties, this Agreement shall immediately
            terminate.

      17.   BANKRUPTCY. The parties understand that all rights and licenses
            granted hereunder are licenses to rights to intellectual property
            under Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Act and, therefore, if SCANIS
            becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings, ICAD and the Subsidiaries
            shall retain and may fully exercise all of their rights and
            elections under the Bankruptcy Code as licensees of that
            intellectual property.

      18.   ATTORNEYS' FEES. If any action is commenced to enforce or construe
            this Agreement, the Party who substantially prevails in that action
            shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses that Party
            incurs in the prosecution or defense of that action, including but
            not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees, in addition to any other
            relief to which that Party is entitled.

      19.   LATE PAYMENTS. Amounts owing under this Agreement that are not made
            when due shall accrue interest at a rate of one percent (1.0%) per
            month or the maximum amount of interest allowed under applicable law
            (whichever is less) until such amounts are paid in full.

      20.   TITLES. All titles used in this Agreement herein are for the
            convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction
            of this Agreement.

      21.   DUPLICATE ORIGINALS. This Agreement shall be executed in duplicate
            originals and may first be delivered by facsimile. Execution of this
            Agreement by the parties and delivery thereof by facsimile shall be
            valid and binding as of the Effective Date, which will be inserted
            in the preamble. This Agreement may be executed separately by each
            of the parties and exchanged by facsimile to establish the Effective
            Date. Within thirty (30) days of facsimile execution, the parties
            shall deliver and exchange fully executed originals of the
            Agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed, in duplicate, by their duly authorized officers or representatives.



SCANIS, INC.

By: /s/ Robert L. Chapman
    ------------------------------


Its. Chief Executive Officer


Witness:        /s/ Christine V. Evans
                ----------------------

iCAD, Inc.

By: /s/ W. Scott Parr
    ------------------------------
       W. Scott Parr

Its. President and Chief Executive Officer
     -------------------------------------

Witness:        /s/ William Langille
                --------------------


                                       7
<PAGE>

                          EXHIBIT 1 - Licensed Patents



"Licensed Patents" shall mean:

      1.    U.S. Patent No. 5,212,637 of May 18, 1993 ("the `637 Patent") and
            any and all parents, divisions, continuations,
            continuations-in-part, reissues or reexaminations of that patent, as
            well as any and all foreign patents or foreign patent applications
            (including utility models) corresponding to said U.S. patent, along
            with any and all parents, divisions, continuations,
            continuations-in-part, substitutions or additions to any of the
            foregoing foreign patents.

      2.    Canadian Patent No. 2,069,429 and any and all parents, divisions,
            continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues or reexaminations of
            that patent.

      3.    Japanese Patent No. 3,121,008 and any and all parents, divisions,
            continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues or reexaminations of
            that patent.

      4.    Patent to be issued pursuant to European Patent Application No.
            90917158.9, claims for which were approved on January 14, 2003 and
            any and all parents, divisions, continuations,
            continuations-in-part, reissues or reexaminations of that patent.


                                       8
<PAGE>

      EXHIBIT 2 - Current Subsidiaries

1.    Howtek Devices Corporation

2.    ISSI Acquisition Corporation

















                                       9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
