<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(A)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d54532_ex10-a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT FOR LEGAL SERVICES
<TEXT>

Exhibit 10(a).  Agreement for Legal Services

                          AGREEMENT FOR LEGAL SERVICES

            THIS AGREEMENT for legal services made this 25th day of April, 2002
by and between:

                              ANDORA & ROMANO, LLC
                           A Professional Corporation
                                  15 Essex Road
                            Paramus, New Jersey 07652
                     hereinafter referred to as "Attorneys"

                                       and

                   INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION
                             Park 80 West, Plaza Two
                         Saddle Brook, New Jersey 07663

                                       and

                                INTERCHANGE BANK
                              A Banking Corporation
                             Park 80 West, Plaza Two
                         Saddle Brook, New Jersey 07663
                      hereinafter referred to as "Clients".

      IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual promises, covenants and undertakings
contained herein the Attorneys and the Clients agree as follows:

1.    RETAINER:

      Clients hereby retain the services of Attorneys to act as its corporate
counsel for the term and compensation as outlined herein.

2.    TERM:

      The Attorneys shall be retained by Clients until the next Annual
Reorganization Meeting of Clients.

3.    COMPENSATION:

      The Clients shall pay the Attorneys for services rendered as corporate
counsel an annual retainer of NINETY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($95,000.00) payable
in equal monthly installments on the first day of each and every month
commencing the first day of the month following the execution of this Agreement.
Clients shall, in addition to the annual retainer, pay to the Attorneys all
out-of-pocket expenses, filing fees, or disbursements made by the Attorneys on
Clients' behalf. Clients shall, in addition to the payment of the annual
retainer and all costs, pay to the Attorneys a legal fee based on the rate per
hour as shown on Schedule A for all legal services provided to Clients by the
Attorney which are "legal services in addition to those rendered as corporate
counsel." Such fees and costs shall be billed by Attorneys to Clients on a
thirty (30) day basis and Clients shall pay all bills within five (5) days after
each monthly Board of Director's meeting of the Clients.

<PAGE>

4.    DEFINITIONS:

      The following words and phrases shall have the following meanings:

      A.    "Legal services rendered as corporate counsel" shall mean and
            include all of the following types of work:

                  1.    Except as hereinafter set forth in subparagraph B,
                        document review and drafting of documents on behalf of
                        the Clients including, but not limited to: leases,
                        notes, contracts, mortgages, commitment letters,
                        disclosure statements, modifications, extensions and
                        legal agreements not related to third-party borrowers,
                        except residential mortgage reviews.

                  2.    Providing legal advice required in the usual course of
                        Clients' business including compliance analysis.

                  3.    Attendance at Board of Director's and Shareholders'
                        Meetings other than as a Director.

                  4.    Advice regarding levies and executions.

                  5.    Preparation of annual SEC 10K, 10Q and "ordinary" proxy
                        filings.

      B.    "Legal services rendered in addition to those rendered as general
            corporate counsel" shall mean and include, but not be limited to,
            all of the following types of legal work which shall be billed on an
            hourly basis:

                  1.    Litigation in which Clients are named as defendants.

                  2.    Litigation or other proceedings in which Clients and
                        another person or agency (i.e., Small Business
                        Administration) specially retain Attorneys. The hourly
                        rate for such legal services shall be specifically
                        agreed upon by Clients, the Agency, and Attorneys.

                  3.    Foreclosure litigation, including lien protection
                        litigation in any Court including the Bankruptcy Court.

                  4.    Regulatory or administrative law proceedings including,
                        but not limited to, Department of Banking, zoning
                        agencies, N.L.R.B., F.D.I.C., O.A.L. and Tax Court.

                  5.    Loan reviews and closings, including modifications and
                        extensions thereof, except that the fee shall be based
                        upon $200.00 per hour plus costs, and such fee shall not
                        exceed 1/2% of the principal amount of the loan plus
                        costs, but in no event shall such fee be less than
                        $250.00.

                  6.    Closings in which the Client is a buyer or seller.

                  7.    SEC Filings other than annual 10K, 10Q or "ordinary"
                        proxy filings.

                  8.    Mergers and Acquisitions.

                  9.    All other legal services not specifically set forth in
                        Paragraph 4A.

5.    BINDING EFFECT:

      This agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
      parties' successors or assigns.

6.    NO ASSIGNMENT:

      This Agreement shall not be assigned or sublet without the express written
      consent of the

<PAGE>

      parties.

7.    LAW APPLICABLE:

      This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New Jersey.

8.    SEVERABILITY:

      In the event that any clause, section or paragraph of this Agreement shall
be declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto signed this Agreement
the date first above written.

                                                INTERCHANGE BANK

ATTEST:

/s/ Benjamin Rosenzweig                  By: /s/ Anthony S. Abbate
------------------------------              ------------------------------------
Benjamin Rosenzweig, Secretary              Anthony S. Abbate, President


                   INTERCHANGE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORPORATION

ATTEST:

/s/ Benjamin Rosenzweig                  By: /s/ Anthony S. Abbate
------------------------------              ------------------------------------
Benjamin Rosenzweig, Secretary              Anthony S. Abbate, President


                                              ANDORA & ROMANO, LLC

                                           By: /s/ Anthony D. Andora
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Anthony D. Andora, Member of LLC

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE A

      The hourly rates contained herein are subject to change on the anniversary
dates of the Agreement of Legal Services.

      Schedule A, reviewed and approved at Annual Reorganization Meeting of
Clients held on the 25th day of April, 2002.

                  Anthony D. Andora         $200.00 per hour
                  John P. Palmisano         $200.00 per hour
                  Joseph M. Andresini       $200.00 per hour
                  Melissa A. Muilenburg     $200.00 per hour


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
