<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(T)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>p02534_x10t.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMMERCIAL LEASE DATED OCTOBER 1, 2002
<TEXT>

                           AIRCRAFT LEASING AGREEMENT
                           --------------------------

         THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as "Lease") is made and
entered into on the 1st day of October, 2002, by and between M.D. Lung, Inc., an
Indiana Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "Lessor",) and Patrick
Industries, Inc., 2216 Airport Boulevard, Elkhart Municipal Airport, Elkhart,
Indiana, 46514 (hereinafter referred to as "Lessee"), as follows:

         WHEREAS, Lessor is the owner of the following described aircraft and
related equipment:

         MAKE & MODEL:              Sabreliner 65
         AIRCRAFT SERIAL NO.:       465-33
         REGISTRATION NO.: N265C

together with the manufacturer's specified equipment described in Exhibit "A"
attached hereto and made a part hereof by reference all of said personal
property being collectively referred to as the "Aircraft;"

         WHEREAS, Lessor wishes to Lease to Lessee and Lessee desires to lease
from Lessor the Aircraft subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease; and

         WHEREAS, the parties desire to memorialize this leasing relationship in
writing.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual agreements and covenants set
forth herein, and for all other good and valuable legal consideration which is
found to exist, the Parties agree as follows:

         1.       TERM: The term of this Lease shall be for a term of
                  twenty-four (24) months commencing on the 1st day of November,
                  2002, and ending on the 31st day of October, 2004.

         2.       RENTAL: Lessee shall pay Lessor, as rental for the Aircraft,
                  as follows:

                  (a)      Lessee shall pay to Lessor Ten Thousand Dollars
                           ($10,000.00), per month, beginning November 1, 2002,
                           with said monthly rental amount to continue on the
                           same day of each consecutive month thereafter to and
                           including the payment due October 1, 2004;

         3.       MAINTENANCE AND OPERATION: It is agreed that Lessee, as the
                  operator of the Aircraft, shall be responsible for all
                  maintenance, repairs, rebuilding of, refurbishment of,
                  modification of, painting and is further responsible for the
                  following:


                                       1
<PAGE>


                  (a)      Fuel, oil and associated taxes and fees;

                  (b)      Crew, salaries, expenses, and employee benefits, and
                           related tax liabilities;

                  (c)      Landing fees, customs, and other related types of
                           assessments, charges, or fees and any related fines
                           attributable thereto;

                  (d)      Hangar rental provided that the Aircraft is to be
                           hangared at the Aircraft's home base as hereinafter
                           defined, and whenever possible, on the road;

                  (e)      Any applicable excise, sales, use, and/or property
                           tax levied on the Aircraft as a result of Lessee's
                           use of any type or nature; and

                  (f)      Ferry flights necessary to perform routine
                           maintenance.

         In no event shall Lessor be responsible for the payment of any
maintenance or operational costs attributed to the Aircraft of any type unless
specifically agreed to in writing by Lessor.

         Lessee shall give Lessor written notice, as soon as possible, for major
repairs or any major engine or airframe overhauls or repairs which may be
required or should be performed either by laws, regulations, or the desires of
Lessee. Any modifications, painting, and/or refurbishing must meet with Lessor's
satisfaction to be given by Lessor in writing prior to any painting,
modification, or refurbishing being done to the Aircraft. Lessee agrees at all
times to operate the Aircraft in the mechanical condition adequate and safe to
comply with regulations as set forth by the Federal Aviation Administration
(hereinafter referred to as "FAA") and any other regulations as set forth by any
local, state, or federal governing body, domestic or foreign, having power to
regulate or supervise the Aircraft or the maintenance, use or operation thereof.

         Lessor shall have the right at all reasonable times to inspect the
Aircraft for purposes of ascertaining compliance with any terms of this Lease.

         4.       RETURN OF AIRCRAFT AT LEASE TERMINATION DATE: It is agreed by
                  the parties that Lessor shall have thirty (30) days, after the
                  Aircraft has been returned to Lessor, to examine the Aircraft
                  to determine what if any damage has been done and shall notify
                  Lessee in writing of such damages and, if possible, the cost
                  of repair of the same. Lessee shall be responsible for all
                  such damages and shall pay said costs of repairs, for both
                  labor and material, within thirty (30) days of written demand
                  thereof being made by Lessor to Lessee.

                                       2

<PAGE>


         5.       OPTION TO PURCHASE AIRCRAFT. It is contemplated and agreed by
                  the Parties that Lessee shall have the option to purchase the
                  Aircraft from Lessor beginning the ___ day of ________, 20__,
                  at negotiated terms. Lessee shall exercise said option by
                  providing Lessor with sixty (60) days advanced written notice
                  of the intent to exercise the option at which time
                  negotiations shall be initiated for said purchase. All terms
                  of said purchase will be subject to negotiation during the
                  option period, which shall last for ninety (90) days after the
                  aforementioned notice is given.

         6.       DELIVERY AND RETURN: It is agreed by the Parties that
                  possession of the Aircraft will be delivered to Lessee by
                  Lessor on the date of execution of this Lease. Lessee agrees
                  that it will return the Aircraft to Lessor in the same and as
                  good a condition as when accepted by Lessee at the beginning
                  of this Lease term. In the event Lessee does not return the
                  Aircraft in such condition, Lessor will provide written notice
                  to Lessee of repairs necessary to restore the Aircraft to the
                  condition it was in when accepted by lessee as specified by
                  lessor with payment of said repairs to be made by Lessee to
                  lessor within thirty (30) days after written demand of the
                  same by Lessor to Lessee.

         7.       BASE OF AIRCRAFT. The Lessor and the Lessee both agree that
                  the Aircraft shall be permanently based in a closed, secured
                  hangar at the Elkhart Municipal Airport, 2216 Airport Drive,
                  Elkhart, Indiana 46514. Lessee shall not make any change in
                  this permanent base without notifying Lessor in writing of
                  such change and receipt of Lessor's prior written consent
                  thereto.

         8.       TITLE AND USE OF AIRCRAFT. Title to the Aircraft shall remain
                  with Lessor through the term of this Lease and the Aircraft
                  shall remain under U.S. registry.

         Lessee shall have complete use of the Aircraft, restricted, however to
the ordinary purposes of Lessee's business operations and pleasure. Lessee
agrees to not use, operate, maintain, or store the Aircraft in violation of this
Lease or any applicable law or regulation, local, state or federal, or any
instructions furnished therefore by Lessor. Furthermore, Lessee shall not
operate the Aircraft in any manner which would contravene the uses and purposes
stipulated in any insurance policies discussed in this Lease. Nothing herein
shall authorize Lessee or any other person to operate the Aircraft or incur any
liability or obligation on behalf of Lessor. Lessee shall not use the Aircraft
in any manner to cause harm to the Aircraft other than ordinary wear and tear.

         9.       CONDITION OF AIRCRAFT. Lessor and Lessee mutually agree and
                  understand that Lessee has had ample opportunity to inspect
                  the Aircraft in all respects, and accepts the Aircraft in an
                  "AS IS" condition, agreeing that the same is in a proper, fit
                  condition for its intended use and is in good, safe,
                  serviceable and airworthy condition.

                                       3

<PAGE>


         10.      INSURANCE AND RISK OF LOSS. It is agreed that Lessor shall
                  assume all risk of loss of the Aircraft for any reason
                  whatsoever until Lessee has been given possession of said
                  Aircraft. Thereafter, and until this Lease terminates and
                  possession is returned to Lessor on a permanent basis, Lessee
                  shall assume all risk of loss of the Aircraft.

         11.      INSURANCE. Lessee shall secure and maintain, in effect,
                  throughout the term hereof, insurance policies covering said
                  Aircraft, all of which shall be agreed to in their entirety by
                  Lessor, with minimum limits, as follows:

                  (a)      Full hull coverage, including all risk, both in
                           flight and not in flight in the amount of Two Million
                           One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($2,150,000.00)
                           with Lessee to be responsible for paying any
                           deductible amounts as provided for in said coverage.

                  (b)      Liability insurance in the amount of at least Twenty
                           Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00) combined single
                           limit, bodily injury and property damage, including
                           passengers.

         Lessee shall provide Lessor with copies of all insurance policies or
certificates prior to the time of delivery from Lessee's carriers, all of which
shall be approved by Lessor. Lessee agrees to make any changes in coverage as
required by Lessor as notified by Lessor to Lessee, in writing, within thirty
(30) days after said request being made by lessor to Lessee. In all policies of
insurance, Lessor shall be included as an additional insured and breach of
warranty insurance shall apply to Lessor.

         In the event of loss or damage to the Aircraft, Lessee shall
immediately report such loss or damage to Lessor in writing, to the insurance
companies underwriting such a risk, and to any and all applicable government
agencies, both local, state and federal, and shall furnish such information and
execute such documents as may be required and necessary to collect the proceeds
from the insurance policies. In the event, the rights, liabilities, and
obligations of the parties shall be as follows:

                  (a)      In the event that the Aircraft is lost or damaged
                           beyond repair, the proceeds of hull coverage,
                           insurance policy or policies shall be payable first
                           to the Lessor to the full extent of said coverage.

                  (b)      In the event that the Aircraft is partially damaged,
                           Lessee shall, at its costs and expense, fully repair
                           the Aircraft to the full and complete satisfaction at
                           least as good or the same condition as it was prior
                           to damage. Lessor shall have the right to prior
                           approval of all repairs made by Lessee.

         12.      DEFAULT. The following events shall constitute default for
                  purposes of this Lease:

                                       4
<PAGE>


                  (a)      Lessor shall fail to perform or observe any material
                           covenant, condition or agreement to be performed or
                           observed by it hereunder and such failure shall
                           continue unremedied for a period of twenty (20) days
                           after written notice by Lessee;

                  (b)      Any representation or warranty made by Lessee
                           hereunder or in any document or certificate furnished
                           Lessor in connection herewith which shall prove to
                           have been false in any material respect when made or
                           furnished to Lessor;

                  (c)      Lessee shall fail to make any payment of rent when
                           due;

                  (d)      Lessee shall fail to perform or observe any other
                           material covenant, condition or agreement to be
                           performed or observed by it hereunder, and such
                           failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
                           twenty (20) days after written notice thereof by
                           Lessor;

                  (e)      Lessee ceases doing business as a going concern, a
                           petition is filed by or against Lessee under the
                           bankruptcy act or any amendment thereto, a receiver
                           is appointed for Lessee or its property, Lessee
                           commits any act of bankruptcy, makes an assignment
                           for the benefit of its creditors, or offers a
                           composition or extension of any of its indebtedness,
                           or becomes insolvent.

         13.      REMEDIES FOR DEFAULT BY LESSEE. Upon the occurrence of any
                  default by Lessee any time hereafter so long as the same shall
                  be continuing, the Lessor may, at its option, declare this
                  Lease to be in default by Lessee, and at any time thereafter
                  so long as the default shall be continuing, s long as Lessee
                  shall not have remedied all outstanding defaults, have and
                  exercise all remedies provided at law and in equity, including
                  without limitation the following:

                  (a)      Declare the entire amount of rent hereunder
                           immediately due and payable without notice or demand
                           to Lessee;

                  (b)      Recover from Lessee an amount equal to the unpaid
                           balance due and to become due during the term of this
                           Lease;

                                       5

<PAGE>


                  (c)      Cause Lessee, at Lessee's expense, to return the
                           Aircraft to Lessor at a point in the United States
                           designated by Lessor, or Lessor, through its
                           employees, agents, or attorneys, may enter upon the
                           premises where the Aircraft is located and take
                           immediate possession of the same without demand or
                           legal process and free of all rights of Lessee, in
                           which case the Lessee authorizes Lessor or its agents
                           to enter upon any premises where the Aircraft may be
                           found for the purpose of repossessing the same, and
                           Lessee specifically waives any right of action it
                           might otherwise have arising out of such entry and
                           repossession whereupon all rights of the Lessee in
                           the equipment shall terminate immediately. No such
                           retaking of possession shall constitute a termination
                           of this Lease, unless Lessor so notifies Lessee in
                           writing.

                  (d)      Terminate this Lease and retain all prior payments of
                           rent and retake possession of the Aircraft as herein
                           provided.

         14.      DEFAULT BY LESSOR. Upon the occurrence of an incident of
                  default by Lessor, and at any time thereafter so long as the
                  same shall be continuing, Lessee may, at its option, declare
                  this Lease to be in default and at any time thereafter, so
                  long as Lessor shall not have remedied all outstanding
                  defaults within reasonable time, have and exercise all
                  remedies provided at law and in equity.

         15.      COST OF LITIGATION. In the event that litigation is initiated
                  by either party to this Lease, as a result of the default by a
                  party to the Lease, the prevailing party in said litigation
                  shall be entitled to have all costs of litigation, including
                  court costs, discovery expense, expert witness fees, and
                  reasonable attorneys fees paid by the defaulting party.

         16.      INDEMNIFICATION OF LESSOR. Lessee agrees to indemnify and hold
                  harmless Lessor and its successors and assigns from and
                  against any and all loss, damage, injury or death claims,
                  demands and liability of every nature, including reasonable
                  attorneys fees arising from or in connection with the
                  possession, maintenance, or use or operation of the Aircraft
                  by Lessee, unless due to causes arising in whole or in part
                  from possession, maintenance, use or operation prior to the
                  delivery of the Aircraft to Lessee, or unless due to the
                  negligence of Lessor.

         17.      INDEMNIFICATION OF LESSEE. Notwithstanding anything to the
                  contrary contained in Paragraph 13, above, Lessor agrees to
                  indemnify and hold Lessee and its affiliates, employees,
                  agents, directors, successors and assigns harmless from any
                  and all liabilities, losses, damages, demands and liability of
                  every nature due to bodily injury and property damage,
                  including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from or in
                  connection with the ownership, operation, maintenance, use or
                  storage of the Aircraft, arising from any act, omission or
                  event occurring prior to the delivery of the Aircraft, to
                  Lessee, or arising from any act or omission of Lessor, or any
                  event over which Lessor has or had reasonable control,
                  subsequent to the delivery of the Aircraft to Lessee.

                                       6

<PAGE>


         18.      SUB-LEASING AND ASSIGNMENT. It is agreed by the parties that
                  Lessee agrees not to sub-lease or assign this Lease or any
                  interest therein without the prior written consent of Lessor,
                  or in any way to part with the possession of the same Aircraft
                  either by voluntary act, operation of law or otherwise.
                  It is understood that Lessor may assign this Lease.

         19.      TAXES, FINES, FEES OR PENALTIES. During the term of this
                  Lease, Lessee shall be responsible for all taxes, fines, fees
                  or penalties arising out of this Lease or the Lessee's
                  operation of the Aircraft including, but not limited to,
                  personal property taxes, and/or landing fees, assessed during
                  the term of this Lease.

         20.      TRUTH IN LEASING. (See Federal Aviation Regulation FAR 91.54).
                  Lessor certifies that the vendor of this Aircraft has
                  represented to lessor that the Aircraft has been maintained
                  and effected under FAR 91 from the date of manufacture, to the
                  date hereof, and that the Aircraft will be maintained by
                  Lessee under FAR 91 for the operations to be construed under
                  this Lease. Lessee is considered responsible for operational
                  control of the Aircraft under this Lease.

         For an explanation of the factors bearing on operational control,
pertinent Federal Aviation Regulations can be obtained from the nearest Federal
Aviation Administration Flight Standard District Office, General Aviation
District Office or Air Carrier District Office.

         The undersigned Lessee certifies that it is responsible for operational
control of the Aircraft during the term of this Lease and that it understands
its responsibilities for compliance with applicable Federal Aviation
Administration Regulations.

         21.      MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a)      Modification. This Lease may be modified only by
                           written instrument executed by both parties hereto.

                  (b)      Binding Effect. This Lease shall be binding upon the
                           parties hereto, their successors, assigns and legal
                           representatives.

                  (c)      Entire Agreement. The terms and conditions of this
                           Lease constitute the entire agreement and supersedes
                           all previous negotiations, presentations and
                           agreements between the parties, whether written or
                           oral.

                  (d)      Applicable Law Venue. This Lease shall be construed
                           and performance shall be governed under the laws of
                           the State of Indiana. Any lawsuit or other court
                           proceeding between or among Lessor and Lessee in
                           relation to or arising out of this Lease or the
                           subject matter hereof shall be brought in the federal
                           or state courts located in Northern Indiana and St.
                           Joseph County, Indiana.

                                       7

<PAGE>


                  (e)      Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in separate
                           counterparts, each of which when so executed and
                           delivered shall be an original, but all such
                           counterparts shall together constitute one and the
                           same instruments.

                  (f)      Survival of Representatives and Warranties. All
                           representations and warranties contained herein and
                           made by either party to the other shall survive the
                           execution of this Lease.

                  (g)      Assignment. This Lease shall insure to the benefit of
                           and be binding upon each of the parties hereto and
                           their respective successors and assigns.

                                                           LESSOR

                                                       M.D. LUNG, INC.


                                                by _____________________________
                                                       Mervin D. Lung, President

                                                       LESSEE

                                                       PATRICK INDUSTRIES, INC.


                                                by _____________________________
                                                       David D. Lung, President



                                                by _____________________________
                                                      ______________, Secretary

                                       8
<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT "A"
                       MANUFACTURER'S SPECIFIED EQUIPMENT
                       ----------------------------------

                          1980 Sabreliner 65 S/N 465-33

Registration Number:       N265C

Airframe Hours:            5831

Engine Hours:              LH 5804/766 SMPI Core Due 7,923
                           RH 5804/766 SMPI Core Due 7,923

APU Hours:                 607 (Solar)

Avionics:                  Dual Collins VHF 20A Comms
                           Dual Collins VIR 30A NAVS
                           Dual Collins FD 1092 Flight Directors
                           Collins APS 80 Autopilot System
                           Collins ADF 60
                           Dual Collins RMI 30's
                           Dual Collins MC 103 Compasses
                           Collins 718U-5 HF with SELCAL
                           Wulfsberg Flitefone VI with Dual Handsets
                           Primus 400 Color Radar
                           Dual TDR 90 Transponders
                           Cockpit Voice Recorder

Long Range NAVS:           Global GNS 500 Series IV
                           ANI 7000 LORAN
                           Foster Database
                           Wire Provisions and Antenna for GPS

Options:                   Angle of Attack
                           J.E.T. Standby Gyro Horizon
                           Second Hydraulic Pump Kit
                           Hydraulic Accumulator Pressure Gage
                           Computerized Aircraft Maintenance Program
                           APU Certified for In-Flight Operation

Interior:                  Eight Passengers
                           Blue Leather Chairs
                           Gray Carpet

                                       9

<PAGE>


Exterior:                  Overall White with Yellow Tail




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
