<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g81074exv10w7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.7 1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.7

                            SEROLOGICALS CORPORATION
                          EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
                                  PLAN SUMMARY


Introduction

The Serologicals Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan") is
intended to provide a method whereby employees of Serologicals Corporation (the
"Company") and its subsidiaries will have the opportunity to acquire a
proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of the
Company's Common Stock. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may
be issued under the Plan is 250,000. The Plan is intended to meet the
requirements of an "employee stock purchase plan" as defined in Section 423 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Plan is not
subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 and is not a qualified pension, profit sharing or stock bonus plan under
Section 401(a) of the Code.

Description of Plan Provisions

Each eligible Employee may commence participation in the Plan on the first day
of the first Purchase Period after the date on which he or she has completed
six (6) months of service with the Company or its domestic subsidiary
corporations. An eligible Employee is any person who is customarily employed on
a full-time or part-time basis by the Company or its subsidiaries and is
regularly scheduled to work more than 20 hours per week and five (5) or more
months in a calendar year. A Purchase Period is each calendar quarter.

Before an eligible Employee may commence participation in the Plan, he or she
must complete a payroll deduction authorization form provided by the Company
and file it with the Plan Administrator (the Director, Human Resources). At the
time an eligible Employee files his or her payroll deduction authorization
form, he or she must indicate the contribution percentage he or she wishes to
authorize the Company to deduct from each paycheck, in percentages ranging from
1% to 25% of base pay, with a minimum of $10.00 per paycheck.

An eligible Employee who completes a payroll deduction authorization form and
files it with the Plan Administrator shall become a Participant in the Plan on
the first day of the first Purchase Period after all eligibility requirements
have been satisfied.

All shares of Common Stock purchased under the Plan shall be purchased on the
open market. The purchase price of Common Stock for a participant shall be 85%
of the lower of the closing price on the first or last day of the Purchase
Period or the nearest prior business day on which trading occurred on the
NASDAQ National Market System. The purchase of Common Stock by a Participant
will not be subject to commission or other fees. However, any commissions or
brokerage fees for the sale of shares under the Plan by a participant will be
paid by the Participant.

No Participant shall be granted rights under the Plan if, immediately after the
grant, such Participant would own stock and/or hold outstanding options or
rights to purchase stock, possessing 5% or more of the total combined voting
power or value of all classes of Common Stock. In addition, no Participant
shall be allowed to purchase Common Stock in excess of $25,000 in fair market
value in any one calendar year period.

A Participant may revoke his or her payroll deduction election under the Plan
for any Purchase Period by giving written notice to the Company within five (5)
days after the commencement of such Purchase Period. All of the Participant's
payroll deductions credited to his or her account (and any unused amounts from
the prior Purchase Period related to fractional shares) will be paid to the
Participant promptly after receipt of the notice of withdrawal, and no further
payroll deductions will be made from his or her pay during the remainder of
that Payroll Period. A Participant's withdrawal from the Plan will have no
effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in the Plan for any
succeeding Purchase Period, provided however, that a Participant who withdraws
may not again Participate in the Plan until the next succeeding Purchase
Period. However, Section 16(b) Insiders may not re-enroll in the Plan earlier
than six (6) months after the decision to cease participation.

Upon termination of a Participant's employment, any outstanding rights to
purchase Common Stock during the Purchase Period in which his or her employment
terminates shall be deemed to be terminated and any accumulated payroll
deductions will be returned to said participant at such time, without interest.









<PAGE>
All payroll deductions shall be credited to a Participant's account under the
Plan, but no separate account will be established by the Company to hold such
amounts. No interest will be paid or allowed on any money withheld or received
by the Company to be used for the purchase of Common Stock under the Plan.

The Company's Board of Directors shall appoint a committee (the "Committee") to
administer the Plan. No member of the Committee shall be eligible to purchase
Common Stock under the Plan. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee
shall have authority to interpret and construe any and all provisions of the
Plan, to adopt rules and regulations for administering the Plan. The
Committee's determination on such matters shall be conclusive.

USE OF PROCEEDS

The amounts collected from Participants may be commingled with the general
assets of the Company and may be used for general corporate purposes. The Plan
does not provide for, and no contract in connection with the Plan provides for,
the creation of a lien on any funds, securities or other property received
under the Plan.

RESTRICTION ON RESALE OF COMMON STOCK AND DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES

A Participant will have no interest in shares of Common Stock until such shares
are purchased pursuant to the terms of the Plan. The shares of Common Stock
received by a Participant under the Plan will generally be freely transferable
by the Employee upon his receipt from the Company of stock certificates
evidencing such shares. However, certain participants, those deemed to be
Section 16(b) Insiders, will be subject to restrictions imposed by the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company will notify all Section 16(b)
Insiders of these restrictions.

Upon written request by a Participant, the Company will deliver to such
Participant stock certificates for the shares of Common Stock purchased under
the Plan, for which a reasonable fee may be imposed by the Plan's Custodian,
Smith Barney, Inc. Stock to be delivered to a Participant will be registered in
the name of the Participant; otherwise, the Custodian shall maintain a record
and hold for the benefit of the Participants the shares allocated to and
purchased by the Participants in the Plan. After the close of each Purchase
Period, each Participant shall receive a report from the Custodian indicating
the activity in that Participant's account for the Purchase Period. To ease the
administration of the Plan, it is important for all Participants to keep his or
her address current with the Plan Administrator and the Custodian.

MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION

Neither payroll deductions credited to a Participant's account, nor any Purchase
Rights or other rights to acquire Common Stock under the Plan, may be assigned,
transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of in any way by the Participant
other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any such attempt
assignment, transfer, pledge or other disposition shall be without effect.

The Board shall have complete power and authority to terminate or amend the
Plan. No termination, modification, or amendment of the Plan may, without the
consent of a Participant then having an outstanding right under the Plan to
purchase stock, adversely affect such right.

The Plan shall become effective as of July 1, 1996, subject to the approval by
the holders of the majority of the Common Stock. If the Plan is not approved,
the Plan shall not become effective. The Plan will terminate on the earlier of
(i) June 30, 2006, or (ii) the date on which all shares of Common Stock
available for issuance hereunder have been sold.

The Plan does not, directly or indirectly, create in any Participant or class of
Participants any right with respect to continuation of employment by the
Company, and it shall not be deemed to interfere in any way with the Company's
right to terminate, or otherwise modify, a Participant's employment at any time.

This document is only a summary, it is not meant to interpret, extend or change
the provisions of the Plan in any way. The provisions of the Plan may only be
determined accurately by reading the Plan document. In the event of a
discrepancy between this summary and the Plan document, the Plan document will
govern.
<PAGE>
                                                                    ATTACHMENT C


                            SEROLOGICALS CORPORATION

                       1996 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

SECTION 1.        NATURE OF THE PLAN

         The Serologicals Corporation 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is
intended to provide a method whereby employees of Serologicals Corporation
("Serologicals" or the "Company") and its subsidiaries will have an opportunity
to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares
of the Common Stock, par value $.01  per share, of the Company. It is the
intention of the Company to have the Plan qualify as an "employee stock
purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"). The provisions of the Plan shall be construed so as to
extend and limit participation in the manner consistent with the requirements
of that section of the Code. The Company is offering to sell shares of Common
Stock to eligible Employees pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in
this Plan. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued
under the Plan is 250,000, subject to adjustments upon changes in the
capitalization of the Company as provided in Section 10(d).

SECTION 2.        DEFINITIONS

         "Applicable Percentage" means the percentage of the fair market value
of the Common Stock which Employees will be required to pay to purchase shares
of Common Stock under the Plan. The Applicable Percentage initially shall be
85%. The Applicable Percentage may be changed from time to time by the Board,
and such change will be applied prospectively only.

         "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

         "Committee" means the Committee appointed by the Board to administer
the Plan.

         "Common Stock" the Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, issued by
the Company.

         "Custodian" means Smith Barney, Inc., whose address is 388 Greenwich
Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10013, or such other person as the Committee
may designate from time to time.

         "Employee" means any person who is customarily employed on a full-time
or part-time basis by the Company or its domestic subsidiary corporations and
is regularly scheduled to work more than 20 hours per week and five months or
more in a calendar year.

         "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

         "Participant" means an Employee who has enrolled in the Plan by filing
all required forms with the Plan Administrator.

         "Plan Administrator" shall mean the Director of Human Resources of the
Company, or any such other person so designated by the Committee.

         "Purchase Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c)
hereof.

         "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b)
hereof.

         "Purchase Right" means a Participant's option to purchase shares of
Common Stock that is deemed to be outstanding during a Purchase Period. A
Purchase Right represents an "option" as such term is used under Section 423 of
the Code.

         "Section 16(b) Insider" means those persons subject to the
requirements of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

SECTION 3.        ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

         (a)      Initial Eligibility - Each Employee shall be eligible to
participate in the Plan on the first day of the first Purchase Period after the
date on which he has completed six months of service with the Company or its
subsidiaries and he has filed a payroll deduction authorization form provided
by the Company with the Plan Administrator on or before the date set therefor
by the Committee.
<PAGE>
         (b)      Restrictions on Participation - Notwithstanding any
provisions of the Plan to the contrary, no Employee shall be granted rights to
purchase Common Stock under the Plan if, immediately after the grant, such
Employee would own stock, and/or hold outstanding options or rights to purchase
stock, possessing 5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of all
classes of stock of the Company (for purposes of this paragraph, the rules of
Section 424(d) of the Code shall apply in determining stock ownership of any
Employee).

SECTION 4. PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE

         At the time a Participant files his payroll deduction authorization
form, he must indicate the contribution percentage he wishes to authorize the
Company to deduct from each paycheck, in percentage amounts ranging from 1% to
25% of base pay, with a minimum deduction of $10.00 per paycheck, during each
Purchase Period. Payroll deductions for a Participant shall commence on the
first payday of each Purchase Period after his authorization for a payroll
deduction becomes effective and shall remain effective until all shares of
Common Stock authorized for the Plan under Section 1 have been issued, unless
sooner terminated by the Employee as provided in Section 6, or by the Company
as provided in Section 10. A Participant may change the amount of his payroll
deduction once each Purchase Period, effective as of the first day of the
Purchase Period, by giving prior written notice to the Plan Administrator.

SECTION 5. GRANTING OF RIGHT TO PURCHASE

         (a)      Number of Shares - On the last day of each Purchase Period,
each Participant shall have the right to purchase a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the dollar amount which he has elected to have withheld for each
Purchase Period divided by the Purchase Price determined as provided in Section
5(b).

         (b)      Purchase Price - The purchase price (the "Purchase Price") of
Common Stock for a Participant shall be the Applicable Percentage of the lower
of the closing price on the first trading day or last trading day of the
Purchase Period. Daily closing prices of Common Stock for the applicable
Purchase Period shall be determined on The Nasdaq National Market or such other
exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded.

         (c)      Purchase Period - Except as discussed below for the 1996
calendar year, there will be four purchase periods (each a "Purchase Period")
each calendar year. There will be only two Purchase Periods in calendar year
1996. The first will begin on July 1 and end on September 30. The second will
begin on October 1 and end on December 31. Thereafter, for each year that the
Plan is in effect, each calendar quarter will be a Purchase Period.

         (d)      Purchase of Shares - Unless a Participant has given written
notice to the Company under Section 6(a), amounts withheld for him for a
Purchase Period shall be used on the last day of such Purchase Period to
purchase the number of full shares of Common Stock which his accumulated
payroll deductions at that time will purchase at the applicable purchase price
and any excess amount at that time will be retained by the Company for him
until the next purchase of shares under the Plan.

         (e)      Transferability of Rights - During a Participant's lifetime,
rights held by the Participant to purchase Common Stock under the Plan shall be
exercisable only by that Participant.

         (f)      Delivery of Stock - Upon written request of a Participant,
the Company will deliver to such Participant certificates for the shares of
Common Stock purchased pursuant hereto, for which the Custodian may impose a
reasonable fee. Otherwise, the Custodian shall maintain a record and hold for
the benefit of Participants the shares allocated to and purchased by the
Participants pursuant hereto. It is the responsibility of each Plan participant
to keep his address current with the Plan Administrator and with the Custodian.

         (g)      Annual Purchase Limit - No Participant shall be granted
rights to purchase Common Stock under the Plan which permit his rights to
purchase Common Stock under all plans of the Company intended to qualify under
Section 423 of the Code to accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 in fair
market value of Common Stock (determined at the time such right is granted) for
each calendar year in which such right is outstanding. Any amounts received
from an Employee which cannot be used to purchase Common stock as a result of
this limitation will be returned as soon as practicable to the Participant
without interest.


                                      C-2

<PAGE>
SECTION 6. WITHDRAWAL

         (a) In General - A Participant may revoke his payroll deduction
election under the Plan for a Purchase Period by giving written notice to the
Plan Administrator (on a form prescribed by the Committee) within five days
after the commencement of such Purchase Period. All of the Participant's
payroll deductions credited to him (and any unused amounts from the prior
Purchase Period related to fractional shares) will be paid to him promptly
after receipt of his notice of withdrawal, and no further payroll deductions
will be made from his pay during such Purchase Period.

         (b) Effect on Subsequent Participation - A Participant's withdrawal
under Section 6(a) will have no effect upon his eligibility to participate in
the Plan for any succeeding Purchase Period or any similar plan which may
hereafter be adopted by the Company; provided, however, a Participant who
withdraws from participation under Section 6(a) may not again participate in
the Plan until the next succeeding Purchase Period; provided, however, in the
event a Section 16(b) Insider Participant ceases participation in the Plan,
such Insider may not re-enroll in the Plan earlier than six (6) months after
the decision to cease participation.

         (c) Termination of Employment - Upon termination of the Participant's
employment, any outstanding rights of the Employee to purchase Common Stock
during the Purchase Period in which his employment terminates shall be deemed
to be terminated and any accumulated payroll deductions at such time will be
returned to said Participant, without interest.

SECTION 7. PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS

         All payroll deductions shall be credited to the Participant's account
under the Plan, but no actual separate account will be established by the
Company to hold such amounts. No interest will be paid or allowed on any money
held in a Participant's account.

SECTION 8. STOCK OWNERSHIP

         (a) Maximum Shares - If the total number of shares of Common Stock for
which rights are exercised on the last day of any Purchase Period in accordance
with Section 5(d) exceeds the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
authorized under Section 1, the Committee shall make a pro rata allocation of
the Shares available for delivery and distribution in as uniform a manner as
shall be practicable and as it shall determine to be equitable, and the balance
of payroll deductions or payments of each Employee under the Plan shall be
returned to him as promptly as possible.

         (b) Participant's Interest in Stock - A Participant will have no
interest in shares of Common Stock hereunder until such shares are purchased
pursuant to Section 5(d). Participants may sell the shares of Common Stock they
acquire under the Plan at any time without restriction, provided they are not
Section 16(b) Insiders. Section 16(b) Insiders will be subject to certain
restrictions in connection with their transactions under the Plan.

         (c) Registration of Stock - Stock to be delivered to a Participant
will be registered in the name of the Participant.

         (d) Participant Information - Each Participant shall immediately
provide information to the Plan Administrator if the Participant transfers any
shares purchased through the Plan within two (2) years from the date of grant
of the related Purchase Right. Such transfer shall include disposition by sale,
gift or other manner. The Participant may be requested to disclose the manner
of transfer, the date of transfer, the number of shares involved and the
transfer price. The Participant's enrollment in the Plan will be deemed to
constitute his consent for providing this information.

         (e) Tax Withholding - The Company is authorized to withhold from any
payment to be made to a Participant, including any payroll and other payments
not related to the Plan, amounts of withholding and other taxes due in
connection with any transaction under the Plan, and a Participant's enrollment
in the Plan will be deemed to constitute his consent to such withholding.


                                      C-3

<PAGE>
Section 9.  Administration

         (a)  Appointment of Committee -- The Board shall appoint a committee
(the "Committee") to administer the Plan, which shall consist of two or more
members of the Board who are "disinterested persons" as that term is defined in
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. Members of the Committee serve at the
pleasure of the Board and are subject to removal by the Board at any time. No
member of the Committee shall be eligible to purchase Common Stock under the
Plan.

         (b)  Authority of Committee -- Subject to the express provisions of the
Plan, the Committee shall have the authority, in its discretion, to interpret
and construe any and all provisions of the Plan, to adopt rules and regulations
for administering the Plan, and to make all other determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. The Committee's determination
on such  matters shall be conclusive. The Committee may correct any defect or
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, in the manner and to the
extent it shall deem desirable.

         (c)  Delegation of Authority to Administer Plan -- The Committee may
delegate all or part of its authority to administer the Plan to the Plan
Administrator, who may in turn delegate the day-to-day operations of the Plan
to the Custodian. The Custodian will establish and maintain, as agent for the
Participants, accounts for the purpose of holding shares of Common Stock and/or
cash contributions as may be necessary or desirable for the administration of
the Plan.

Section 10.  Miscellaneous

         (a)  Joint Account Option -- Any account maintained by the Custodian
for the benefit of a Participant with respect to shares acquired pursuant to
this Plan may only be in the name of the Participant; provided, however, that
the Participant may elect to maintain such account with rights of joint
ownership with such Participant's spouse. Such election may be made on a form
provided by the Plan Administrator.

         (b)  Transferability -- Neither payroll deductions credited to a
Participant's account nor any Purchase Rights or other rights to acquire Common
Stock under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise
disposed of, in any way by the Participant other than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution. Any such attempt assignment, transfer, pledge or
other disposition shall be without effect.

         (c)  Use of Funds -- All amounts withheld or received by the Company
under this Plan may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose and the
Company shall not be obligated to segregate such amounts.

         (d)  Adjustment Upon Changes in Capitalization --

         (1)  If, while any rights to purchase shares are outstanding, the
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company have increased, decreased,
changed into, or been exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or
securities of the Company of another entity through reorganization, merger,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, reverse stock split or similar
transaction, appropriate and proportionate adjustments may be made by the
Committee in the number and/or kind of shares which are subject to purchase
under outstanding rights and in the purchase price or prices applicable
thereto. In addition, in any such event, the number and/or kind of shares which
may be offered hereunder shall also be proportionately adjusted.

         (2)  Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or upon a
reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company with one or more
corporations as a result of which the Company is not the surviving corporation,
or upon a sale of substantially all of the property or stock of the Company to
another corporation, no further shares will be available for purchase by
Participants under the Plan; except that any payroll deductions scheduled for
collection in that Purchase Period will be immediately applied to purchase
whole shares of Common Stock. The Board shall take such steps in connection
with such transactions as the Board shall deem necessary to assure that the
provisions of this Section 10(d)(2) shall thereafter be applicable.


                                      C-4
<PAGE>
         (e)  Amendment and Terminations -- The Board shall have complete power
and authority to terminate or amend the Plan; provided, however, that the Board
shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company (i) increase
the maximum number of shares which may be issued (except pursuant to Section
10(d)); or (ii) amend the requirements as to the class of employees eligible to
purchase shares under the Plan or permit the members of the Committee to
purchase shares under the Plan. No termination, modification, or amendment of
the Plan may, without the consent of a Participant then having an outstanding
right under the Plan to purchase stock, adversely affect such right.

         (f)  Effective Date -- The Plan shall become effective as of July 1,
1996, subject to approval by the holders of the majority of the Common Stock.
If the Plan is not approved, the Plan shall not become effective. The Plan will
terminate on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2006, or (ii) the date on which all
shares of Common Stock available for issuance hereunder have been sold.

         (g)  No Employment Rights -- The Plan does not, directly or
indirectly, create in any Participant or class of Participants any right with
respect to continuation of employment by the Company, and it shall not be
deemed to interfere in any way with the Company's right to terminate, or
otherwise modify, a Participant's employment at any time.

         (h)  Effect of Plan -- The provisions of the Plan shall, in accordance
with its terms, be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, all successors of
each Participant, including, without limitation, such Participant's estate and
the executors, administrators or trustees thereof, heirs and legatees, and any
receiver, trustee in bankruptcy or representative of creditors of such
Participant.

         (i)  Costs -- Except as set forth Section 5(f), costs and expenses
incurred in the administration of the Plan and the maintenance of accounts with
the Custodian will be paid by the Company. Any brokerage fees and commissions
for the purchase of Common Stock under the Plan (including shares of Common
Stock purchased upon reinvestment of dividends and distributions) will be paid
by the Company, but any brokerage fees and commissions for the sale of shares
of Common Stock under the Plan by a Participant will be borne by such
Participant.

         (j)  Gender and Number -- The masculine gender shall be deemed to
include feminine and the singular shall include the plural unless otherwise
clearly required by the context.

         (k)  Reports -- After the close of each Purchase Period, each
Participant shall receive a report from the Custodian indicating the activity
in that Participant's account for that Purchase Period.

         (l)  Compliance With Legal and Other Requirements -- The Plan, the
granting and exercising of Purchase Rights hereunder, and the other obligations
of the Company, the Plan Administrator and the Custodian will be subject to all
applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals
by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Company may,
in its discretion, postpone the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of Purchase Rights until completion of such registration or
qualification of such shares of Common Stock or other required action under any
federal or state law, rule or regulation, listing or other required action with
respect to any automated quotation system or stock exchange upon which the
shares of Common Stock or other Company securities are designated or listed, or
compliance with any other contractual obligation of the Company, as the Company
may consider appropriate. The Company may require any Participant to make such
representations and furnish such information as it may consider appropriate in
connection with the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock in
compliance with applicable rules and regulations, designation or listing
requirements, or other contractual obligations.

         (m)  Governing Law -- The laws of the state of Georgia will govern all
matters relating to this Plan except to the extent superseded by the laws of
the United States.


                                      C-5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
