<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g81074exv10w4w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4.1 FORMS OF SECOND REVISED STOCK OPTION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.4.1

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

                                FOR KEY EMPLOYEES

                            SEROLOGICALS CORPORATION

                AMENDED AND RESTATED 1994 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

         Agreement, made as of the (Date), between Serologicals Corporation (the
"Company"), a Delaware corporation, and (FirstName) (LastName) (the "Optionee"),
residing at 780 Park North Blvd., Suite 110, Clarkston, GA 30021.

         The Company has duly adopted the Amended and Restated 1994 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by
reference. In the case of any conflict between the provisions hereof and those
of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling. A copy of the Plan
is available upon request by the Optionee from the Secretary of the Company.

         In accordance with its authority under Section 3 of the Plan, a
committee of the Board of Directors of the Company which administers the Plan
(the "Committee") has adopted a resolution granting the Optionee a stock option
(the "Option") under the Plan to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock,
$.01 par value per share ("Shares"), for the price and on the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan.

         The Company makes no representations or warranties as to the income,
estate or other tax consequences to the Optionee of the grant or exercise of the
Option or the sale or other disposition of the Shares acquired pursuant to the
exercise thereof.

         1. (a) The price at which the Optionee shall have the right to purchase
Shares under this Agreement is set forth on Schedule A hereto and is subject to
adjustment as provided in Paragraph 6.

         (b) Unless the Option is previously terminated pursuant to the Plan or
this Agreement, the Option shall be exercisable during the period or periods
specified on Schedule A.

In no event shall any Shares be purchasable under this Agreement after the
respective expiration date or dates specified on Schedule A ("Expiration Date").
Unless otherwise specified on Schedule A, the unexercised portion of the Option
will terminate (a) two (2) years after the date on which the Optionee's
employment is terminated for any reason other than cause and (b) immediately
upon the termination of the Optionee's employment for cause.

         2. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to confer on the
Optionee any right to continue as an employee of the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company or to derogate from any right of the Company or any subsidiary
thereof to retire, request the
<PAGE>

resignation of or discharge the Optionee, or to lay off or require a leave of
absence of the Optionee, with or without pay, at any time, with or without
cause. No person or entity shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be
deemed for any purpose the holder of any Shares subject to the Option until the
Option shall have been duly exercised to purchase such Shares in accordance with
the provisions of this Agreement.

         3. The Option shall be exercisable during the Optionee's lifetime only
by the Optionee or, if permissible under applicable law, by his or her guardian
or legal representative, and after the Optionee's death only by the person or
entity entitled to do so under the Optionee's last will and testament or
applicable intestate law. The Option may only be exercised by the delivery to
the Company of a written notice of such exercise in the form of Annex I hereto
(the "Exercise Notice"), which notice shall specify the number of Shares to be
purchased (the "Purchased Shares") and the aggregate exercise price for such
Shares, together with payment in full of such aggregate exercise price in cash
or by check payable to the Company;

         4. The Option shall not be assignable, alienable, saleable, or
transferable by the Optionee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution. The Option may not be pledged, alienated, attached, or
otherwise encumbered, and any purported pledge, alienation, attachment, or
encumbrance thereof shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any
Affiliate (as defined in the Plan).

         5. If the Company shall become obligated to withhold an amount on
account of any tax imposed as a result of the exercise of the Option, including,
without limitation, any federal, state, local or other income tax, or any
F.I.C.A., state disability insurance tax or other employment tax (the
"Withholding Liability"), then the Optionee shall, on the date of exercise and
as a condition to the issuance of the Shares subject to the Option, pay the
Withholding Liability to the Company. Payment shall be by check payable to the
Company; provided, however, that with the consent of the Committee, payment may
instead be made by delivery to the Company of a certificate or certificates
representing Shares duly endorsed or accompanied by a duly executed stock
power(s), which delivery effectively transfers to the Company good and valid
title to such Shares, free and clear of any pledge, commitment, lien, claim or
other encumbrance (such Shares to be valued on the basis of the fair market
value thereof on the date of such payment); provided, further, that the Company
is not then prohibited from purchasing or acquiring such shares of Common Stock.
The Optionee hereby consents to the Company withholding the full amount of the
Withholding Liability from any compensation or other amounts otherwise payable
to the Optionee if the Optionee does not pay the Withholding Liability to the
Company on the date of exercise of the Option, and the Optionee agrees that the
withholding and payment of any such amount by the Company to the relevant taxing
authority shall constitute full satisfaction of the Company's obligation to pay
such compensation or other amounts to Optionee.

         6. (a) If the outstanding Shares of the Company are subdivided,
consolidated, increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different
number or kind of shares or securities of the Company through reorganization,
merger, recapitalization, reclassification, capital adjustment or similar event,
or if the Company shall issue Shares as a dividend or upon a stock split, then
the number and kind of Shares subject to the unexercised
<PAGE>

portion of the Option and the exercise price of the Option shall be adjusted to
prevent the inequitable enlargement or dilution of any rights hereunder,
provided, however, that any such adjustment shall be made without change in the
total exercise price applicable to the unexercised portion of the option.
Adjustments under this paragraph shall be made by the Committee, whose
determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. In computing any
adjustment under this paragraph, any fractional share shall be eliminated.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to affect in any way the
right or power of the Company to make any adjustment, reclassification,
reorganization or changes to its capital or business structure or to merge or to
consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate or transfer all or any part of its
business or assets.

         (b) If, in the event of a merger or consolidation, the Company is not
the surviving corporation, and in the event that the agreements governing such
merger or consolidation do not provide for the substitution of new options or
other rights in lieu of the Option granted hereunder or for the express
assumption of such outstanding Option by the surviving corporation, or in the
event of the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Optionee shall have
the right not less than five (5) days prior to the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to participate in such merger,
consolidation, dissolution or liquidation, to exercise this Option, in whole or
in part, without regard to any installment provision that may be a part of the
terms and conditions of this Option; provided, that any conditions precedent to
such exercise set forth in this Agreement, other than the passage of time, have
been satisfied. In any such event, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed
to the Optionee a notice specifying the date that is to be fixed as of which all
holders of record of the Shares shall be entitled to exchange their Shares for
securities, cash or other property issuable or deliverable pursuant to such
merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation. Such notice shall be mailed
at least ten (10) days prior to the date therein specified. In the event this
Option is not exercised in its entirety on or prior to the date specified
therein, any and all remaining rights hereunder shall terminate as of said date.

         7. The Company has been authorized by the Committee to, and the
Company, in its discretion, may, establish procedures whereby the Optionee, to
the extent permitted by and subject to the requirements of Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"), Regulation T issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System pursuant to the Exchange Act, federal income tax laws, and other federal,
state or local tax and securities laws, can exercise the Option, or a portion
thereof, without making a direct payment of the exercise price thereof to the
Company. If the Company so elects to establish such a cashless exercise program,
the Company shall determine, in its discretion and from time to time, such
administrative procedures and policies as it deems appropriate. Such procedures
and policies shall be binding on the Optionee should he elect to utilize the
cashless exercise program.

         8. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no
event may the Option be exercisable if the Company shall, at any time and in its
sole discretion, determine that (i) the listing, registration or qualification
of any Shares otherwise deliverable upon such exercise, upon any securities
exchange or under any state or federal law, or (ii) the

<PAGE>

consent or approval of any regulatory body or the satisfaction of withholding
tax or other withholding liabilities is necessary or desirable in connection
with such exercise. In such event, such exercise shall be held in abeyance and
shall not be effective unless and until such withholding, listing, registration,
qualification or approval shall have been affected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company.

         9. Unless the issuance of the Shares upon exercise of the Option has
been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), the Committee may require as a condition to the right to exercise the
Option hereunder that the Company receive from the person exercising the Option
representations, warranties and agreements, at the time of any such exercise, to
the effect that the Shares are being purchased for investment only and without
any present intention to sell or otherwise distribute such Shares and that the
Shares will not be disposed of in transactions which, in the opinion of counsel
to the Company, would violate the registration provisions of the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder. The certificate issued to evidence
such Shares shall bear appropriate legends summarizing such restrictions on the
disposition thereof.

         10. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of the State of Georgia, without reference to principles regarding
conflicts of law. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal
representatives, successors or assigns, as the case may be.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have witnessed this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

                                           SEROLOGICALS CORPORATION

                                           By:
------------------------------                ------------------------------
OPTIONEE                                       PRESIDENT/CEO






<PAGE>
                                   SCHEDULE A




Name of Optionee:                         (FirstName)
(LastName)

Date of Grant:                            (Date)

Option Exercise Price:                    (Price)

Market Price on Date of Grant:            (Price)

Number of Shares subject to Option:       (Number)

Type of Option:                           Non-Qualified (Incentive-Based)

Date of Expiration:                       (Date) (Time)

Terms of Exercisability:



NUMBER OF SHARES          Exercisable On             Exercisable Until
                            Or After                 (Expiration Date)

           (Number)

Other exercisability features:

           (Other)


                                   SEROLOGICALS CORPORATION

                                   By:

                                      ---------------------------------

                                   Optionee:

                                   ------------------------------------

                                   Date:

                                         ------------------------------




<PAGE>
                                     ANNEX I

                          FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE
                   (To be executed upon exercise of Option).

         The undersigned hereby elects to exercise the right pursuant to that
certain Option Agreement dated as of _______________________ by and between
Serologicals Corporation and (FirstName) (LastName) (the "Option Agreement"), to
purchase ______________ shares of common stock, $.01 par value (the "Shares").

         Choose one of the following options:

_____ (i)  Payment for the Shares in the amount of $_____________ is enclosed.



           The undersigned requests that certificates for the Shares be
           registered in the name of the undersigned.

_____ (ii) Cashless Exercise/Same Day Sale (Appropriate broker forms must
           be completed; forms may be obtained from the Human Resources
           Department).

Dated:

---------------------------            -------------------------------------
                                       Optionee

                                       -------------------------------------
                                       SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

ADMINISTRATOR USE ONLY
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Date of Grant:
                                       ----------------------------

    Market Price on Date of Grant:
                                       ----------------------------

    Market Price on Date of Exercise:
                                       ----------------------------

    Number of shares:
                                       ----------------------------

    Type of Option:
                                       ----------------------------

    Number of Options Currently
     Vested:

                                       ----------------------------

    Expiration Date:
                                       ----------------------------

    Withholding Tax:
                                       ----------------------------


---------------------------------------         -------------------------------
STOCK OPTION ADMINISTRATOR      DATE            VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE   DATE

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
