<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit10_5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5   EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.5

                                PMC-SIERRA, INC.

                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This  Agreement  is  between  PMC-Sierra,  Inc.  (the  "Company"),  and
_______________ ("Executive") and effective as of __________________.


         1. Termination Without Cause, or Constructive Termination,  With Change
in Control. If Company terminates Executive's employment without Cause, or takes
actions which constitute Constructive  Termination,  and a Change in Control (or
the signing of a binding agreement which could result in a Change in Control) is
reasonably  expected  within  the next 60 days or has  occurred  in the past two
years, then the following will occur.

         (i)  Promptly  following  such  actual  or  Constructive   Termination,
Executive shall receive

              (A) his Base Salary through the date of termination,

              (B) a lump-sum payment equal to 4% of his then-current Base Salary
for  each  full  month  during  which  he was  Employed  by the  Company  or its
affiliates,  provided  that  this  total  payment  shall  not  exceed  two times
Executive's then-current Base Salary,

              (C) a lump-sum  payment  equal to 2% of his prior year's bonus for
each full month during  which he was  Employed by the Company or its  affiliates
(up to a maximum  payment equal to his four previous  quarterly  bonus  payments
added together) and

              (D) all accrued  vacation,  expense  reimbursements  and any other
benefits due to Executive  through the date of  termination  in accordance  with
established Company plans and policies.

         (ii) If within 10 days after the date of  termination  Executive  signs
and  delivers  to Company a  consulting  agreement  in  substantially  Company's
standard form used on the date of this Agreement which requires Executive to (1)
provide up to five days of consulting  services to Company  during each calendar
quarter at times  reasonably  acceptable  to  Executive,  and (2)  maintain  the
confidentiality  of Company's  trade secrets and not use Company's trade secrets
other than for Company's benefit,  then each option which Executive holds at the
date of termination will continue to vest and be exercisable until 30 days after
the option has fully vested.

         (iii)  Until  the later of (1) two  years  after  the date  Executive's
employment  by the  Company  terminates  or (2) the date on which all options to
purchase  Company stock held by Executive are fully vested,  Executive  will not
directly or  indirectly  engage in,  provide  services to or own a more than 25%
voting   interest  in  a  business   anywhere  in  the  world  which   develops,
manufactures,  markets or sells any  products  which  directly  compete with the
products  manufactured,  marketed or sold by the Company or its  subsidiaries at
the date Executive's employment terminates.

                                       1
<PAGE>


         (iv)  Until  the  later of (1) two  years  after  the date  Executive's
employment  by the  Company  terminates  or (2) the date on which all options to
purchase  Company stock held by Executive are fully vested,  Executive  will not
directly or  indirectly  attempt to influence any employee of the Company or its
subsidiaries  to  terminate  the  individual's  services  to the  Company or its
subsidiaries,  or  hire  any  such  employee.  However,  Executive  may  hire an
individual if more than six months have elapsed since the individual  terminated
his or her  services  to the Company or its  subsidiaries,  and during the three
months  before and the six months  after the  individual  terminates  his or her
services  Executive did not communicate  with the individual about employment by
another entity with which Executive has any relationship.

         (v) Executive's  agreements in Sections 1(iii) and 1(iv) are severable,
and each will still be  enforceable  even if another  is not  enforceable.  If a
court  determines  that any provision of this section exceeds the maximum scope,
time period or geographic area that the court deems enforceable, the scope, time
period or geographic  area shall be deemed the maximum that the court  considers
reasonable.

         2.  Exclusive  Remedy.  This  Agreement  specifies  all of  Executive's
compensation and benefits  resulting from actual or Constructive  termination in
connection  with a Change in  Control.  Executive  shall not be  entitled to any
other  compensation  or benefits from the Company except to the extent  provided
under  any  written   Company   benefit   plan,   stock   option   agreement  or
indemnification agreement, or as may be required under applicable law.

         3. Definitions.

         (i) "Base Salary" means Executive's then-current cash compensation paid
on the Company's standard salary payment schedule, less applicable withholding.

         (ii) "Cause"  means (i) gross  dereliction  of duties  which  continues
after at least two notices, each 30 days apart, from the Chief Executive Officer
(or in the case of the Chief Executive Officer,  from a director designated by a
majority of the board of directors),  specifying in reasonable  detail the tasks
which must be  accomplished  and a timeline  for their  accomplishment  to avoid
termination  for Cause,  (ii)  willful and gross  misconduct  which  injures the
Company, (iii) willful and material violation of laws applicable to the Company,
or (iv) embezzlement or theft of Company property.

         (iii) "Change of Control"  means the occurrence of any of the following
events:

              (A) Any  "person"  or  "group"  as such  terms are  defined  under
Sections  13 and 14 of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934  ("Exchange  Act")
(other than the Company,  a subsidiary  of the  Company,  or a Company  employee
benefit plan) is or becomes the  "beneficial  owner" (as defined in Exchange Act
Rule 13d-3),  directly or indirectly,  of Company securities representing 50% or
more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities.

              (B) The closing of (a) the sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the  Company if the  holders of Company  securities  representing  all
voting power for the election of directors before the transaction hold less than
a majority  of the total  voting  power for the  election  of  directors  of all
entities  which  acquire such  assets,  or (b) the merger of the Company with or
into another  corporation if the holders of Company securities  representing all
voting power for the election of directors before the transaction hold less than
a majority  of the total  voting  power for the  election  of  directors  of the
surviving entity.

                                       2
<PAGE>

              (C) The issuance of securities  which would give a person or group
beneficial  ownership  of  Company  securities  representing  50% or more of all
voting power for the election of directors.

              (D) A change in the  board of  directors  such that the  incumbent
directors  and nominees of the  incumbent  directors are no longer a majority of
the total number of directors.

         (iv)  "Constructive  Termination"  means (i) a  material  reduction  in
Executive's Base Salary, target bonus or benefits,  (ii) a material reduction in
title,  authority,  status,  obligations  or  responsibilities,   or  (iii)  the
requirement that Executive relocate more than 100 miles from the current Company
headquarters.

         4. Golden  Parachute  Excise Tax. If the benefits  provided for in this
Agreement or  otherwise  payable to Executive  constitute  "parachute  payments"
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and will be subject to the excise
tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code,  then  Executive's  severance  benefits
under  Section 1 shall be (i)  delivered in full,  or (ii)  delivered as to such
lesser extent which would result in no portion of such severance  benefits being
subject to the Excise  Tax,  whichever  of the  foregoing  amounts,  taking into
account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax,
results in the receipt by  Executive  on an  after-tax  basis,  of the  greatest
amount of severance  benefits.  Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree
in writing,  any  determination  required  under this Section 5 shall be made in
writing  in  good  faith  by  the  accounting  firm  serving  as  the  Company's
independent public  accountants  immediately prior to the Change of Control (the
"Accountants"). For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section

         5, the Accountants may make reasonable  assumptions and  approximations
concerning   applicable   taxes  and  may  rely  on   reasonable,   good   faith
interpretations  concerning  the  application  of Sections  280G and 4999 of the
Code.  The  Company  and  Executive  shall  furnish  to  the  Accountants   such
information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably  request in order to
make a  determination  under this Section.  The Company shall bear all costs the
Accountants   may  reasonably   incur  in  connection   with  any   calculations
contemplated  by this Section.  5.  Assignment.  This  Agreement  shall bind and
benefit  (a)  Executive's  heirs,   executors  and  legal  representatives  upon
Executive's  death and (b) any successor of the Company.  Any such  successor of
the Company shall be deemed  substituted for the Company under the terms of this
Agreement  for  all  purposes.  "Successor"  shall  include  any  person,  firm,
corporation  or other  business  entity which at any time,  whether by purchase,
merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of
the assets or business of the  Company.  Executive  has no other right to assign
this Agreement and any such attempted assignment is void.

         6. Notices.  All notices,  requests,  demands and other  communications
under  this  Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be  deemed  given if (i)
delivered  personally,  (ii) one day after  being sent by  Federal  Express or a
similar commercial  overnight service, or (iii) three days after being mailed by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to
Company at its principal  office,  attention:  Chief  Executive  Officer,  or to
Executive at his last principal residence known to the Company, or at such other
addresses as the parties may designate by written notice.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         7.  Severability.  In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is
declared by a court of competent  jurisdiction to be illegal,  unenforceable  or
void,  this  Agreement  shall  continue  in full force and effect  without  said
provision.

         8. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and any proprietary information and
invention assignment,  stock option, stock purchase or indemnification agreement
represent  the entire  agreement  and  understanding  between  the  Company  and
Executive concerning Executive's employment relationship with the Company

         9. Arbitration and Equitable Relief.

         (i) Any  dispute or  controversy  arising  out of,  relating  to, or in
connection with this Agreement, or the interpretation,  validity,  construction,
performance,  breach, or termination  thereof shall be settled by arbitration to
be held in Santa Clara, California in accordance with the National Rules for the
Resolution  of Employment  Disputes  then in effect of the American  Arbitration
Association (the "Rules").  The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief
in such dispute or controversy.  The decision of the arbitrator  shall be final,
conclusive  and  binding on the  parties  to the  arbitration.  Judgment  may be
entered on the arbitrator's decision in any court having jurisdiction.

         (ii) The  arbitrator  shall  apply  Delaware  law to the  merits of any
dispute or claim, without reference to rules of conflict of law. The arbitration
proceedings  shall be  governed  by  federal  arbitration  law and by the Rules,
without reference to state arbitration law.

         (iii) The Company shall pay the costs and expenses of such arbitration.
Each party shall separately pay its counsel fees and expenses.

         (iv)  Executive  understands  that nothing in this  Agreement  modifies
Executive's  at-will  status.  Either the Company or Executive can terminate the
employment relationship at any time, with or without cause.

         10. No Oral Modification, Cancellation or Discharge. This Agreement may
only be amended,  canceled or discharged in writing  signed by Executive and the
Company.

         11. Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold, or cause to
be withheld,  from payment any amount of withholding  taxes required by law with
respect  to  payments  made to  Executive  in  connection  with  his  employment
hereunder.

         12.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Delaware (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).

                                       4
<PAGE>

         13.   Representations.   Executive  represents  that  he  has  had  the
opportunity  to discuss  this  matter  with and obtain  advice  from his private
attorney,  has  had  sufficient  time  to,  and has  carefully  read  and  fully
understands  all  the  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  and  is  knowingly  and
voluntarily entering into this Agreement.



         PMC-SIERRA, INC

         --------------------------

         [NAME]

         [TITLE]

         EXECUTIVE

         -----------------------------

         signature


                                       5
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
