<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>f87000exv10w14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.14
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                               ALTERA CORPORATION

                             1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN
                          (As amended January 1, 2003)


      1.    Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Stock Option Plan are:

            -     to attract and retain the best available personnel for
                  positions of substantial responsibility,

            -     to provide additional incentive to Employees, and

            -     to promote the success of the Company's business.

      Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or
Nonstatutory Stock Options, as determined by the Administrator at the time of
grant.

      2.    Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

            (a)   "Administrator" means the Board or any Committees as shall be
administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (b)   "Applicable Laws" means the legal requirements relating to the
administration of stock option plans under U. S. state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, the Code and the applicable laws of any
foreign country or jurisdiction where Options are, or will be, granted under the
Plan.

            (c)   "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (d)   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

            (e)   "Committee" means a Committee appointed by the Board in
accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (f)   "Common Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company.

            (g)   "Company" means Altera Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

            (h)   "Continuous Status as an Employee" means that the employment
relationship with the Company, any Parent, or Subsidiary, is not interrupted or
terminated. Continuous Status as an Employee shall not be considered interrupted
in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii)
transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent,
any Subsidiary, or any successor. A leave of absence approved

                                       1

<PAGE>

by the Company shall include sick leave, military leave, or any other personal
leave approved by an authorized representative of the Company. For purposes of
Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days, unless
reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract.
If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is
not so guaranteed, on the 181st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option
held by the Optionee shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and
shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

            (i)   "Director" means a member of the Board.

            (j)   "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined
in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

            (k)   "Employee" means any person, including Officers and Directors,
employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither
service as a Director nor payment of a director's fee by the Company shall be
sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.

            (l)   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

            (m)   "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
Stock determined as follows:

                  (i)   If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its
Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the
closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system for
the last market trading day prior to the time of determination, as reported in
The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems
reliable;

                  (ii)  If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked
prices for the Common Stock on the last market trading day prior to the day of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Administrator deems reliable;

                  (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.

            (n)   "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and
the regulations promulgated thereunder.

            (o)   "Misconduct" means the commission of any act that is inimical,
contrary, or harmful to the interests of the Company (or any Parent or
Subsidiary), including but not

                                       2

<PAGE>

limited to (1) conduct related to employment for which either criminal or civil
penalties may be sought, (2) willful violation of the Company's written
policies, (3) engaging in any activity that is in competition with the Company
(or any Parent or Subsidiary), or (4) unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information or trade secrets of the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary). The
foregoing definition shall not be deemed to be inclusive of all acts or
omissions that the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary) may consider as
Misconduct for purposes of the Plan.

            (p)   "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

            (q)   "Notice of Grant" means a written notice evidencing certain
terms and conditions of an individual Option grant. The Notice of Grant is part
of the Option Agreement.

            (r)   "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

            (s)   "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

            (t)   "Option Agreement" means a written agreement between the
Company and an Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual
Option grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

            (u)   "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option.

            (v)   "Optionee" means an Employee who holds an outstanding Option.

            (w)   "Parent" means a "parent corporation", whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

            (x)   "Plan" means this 1996 Stock Option Plan.

            (y)   "Retirement" means:

                  (i)   a termination of Optionee's Continuous Status as an
Employee, other than for Misconduct, after attaining age fifty-five (55) with at
least ten (10) years of service as an Employee of the Company; or

                  (ii)  a termination of Optionee's Continuous Status as an
Employee as a result of Disability, regardless of Optionee's age, if Optionee
has completed at least ten (10) years of service as an Employee of the Company
and if Optionee qualifies for Social Security disability benefits at the time of
such termination.

            (z)   "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any
successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with
respect to the Plan.

                                       3

<PAGE>

            (aa)  "Section 16" means Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.

            (bb)  "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.

            (cc)  "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

      3.    Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 12
of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be optioned and
sold under the Plan is 68,000,000 Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but
unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

            If an Option expires or becomes unexercisable without having been
exercised in full, the unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto shall
become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated); provided, however, that Shares that have actually been issued under
the Plan shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for
future distribution under the Plan.

      4.    Administration of the Plan.

            (a)   Procedure.

                  (i)   Multiple Administrative Bodies. If permitted by Rule
16b-3, the Plan may be administered by different bodies with respect to
Directors, Officers who are not Directors, and Employees who are neither
Directors nor Officers.

                  (ii)  Administration With Respect to Directors and Officers
Subject to Section 16. With respect to Option grants made to Employees who are
also Officers or Directors subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan
shall be administered by (A) the Board, if the Board may administer the Plan in
a manner complying with the rules under Rule 16b-3 relating to the disinterested
administration of employee benefit plans under which Section 16 exempt
discretionary grants and awards of equity securities are to be made, or (B) a
committee or committees designated by the Board to administer the Plan, which
committee shall be constituted to comply with the rules under Rule 16b-3
relating to the disinterested administration of employee benefit plans under
which Section 16 exempt discretionary grants and awards of equity securities are
to be made. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its
designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. From time to time the
Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members,
remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill
vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and
thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by the
rules under Rule 16b-3 relating to the disinterested administration of employee
benefit plans under which Section 16 exempt discretionary grants and awards of
equity securities are to be made.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (iii) Administration With Respect to Other Persons. With
respect to Option grants made to Employees who are neither Directors nor
Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B)
a committee or committees designated by the Board, which committee shall be
constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall
serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The
Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members,
remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill
vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and
thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by
Applicable Laws.

            (b)   Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated
by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in
its discretion:

                  (i)   to grant options to Employees hereunder;

                  (ii)  to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock,
in accordance with Section 2(n) of the Plan;

                  (iii) to determine the Employees eligible to be granted
Options hereunder;

                  (iv)  to determine whether and to what extent Options are
granted hereunder;

                  (v)   to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each Option granted hereunder;

                  (vi)  to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;

                  (vii) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, of any award granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or
times when Options may be exercised (which may be based on performance
criteria), any vesting acceleration, and any restriction or limitation regarding
any Option or the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based in each case on
such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine;

                  (viii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and
awards granted pursuant to the Plan;

                  (ix)  to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws;

                                       5
<PAGE>

                  (x)   to modify or amend each Option (subject to Section 14(c)
of the Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the
post-termination exercisability period of Options longer than is otherwise
provided for in the Plan;

                  (xi)  to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the
Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Option previously
granted by the Administrator; and

                  (xii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan.

            (c)   Effect of Administrator's Decision. The Administrator's
                  decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final
                  and binding on all Optionees and any other holders of Options.

      5.    Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options may be granted to those
Employees selected by the Administrator. Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to those Employees selected by the Administrator. If otherwise eligible, an
Employee who has been granted an Option may be granted additional Options.

      6.    Limitations.

            (a)   Each Option shall be designated in the written option
agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair
Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year (under
all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such
Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this
Section 6(a), Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order
in which they were granted.

            (b)   Neither the Plan nor any Option shall confer upon an Optionee
any right with respect to continuing the Optionee's employment relationship with
the Company, nor shall they interfere in any way with the Optionee's right or
the Company's right to terminate such employment relationship at any time, with
or without cause.

            (c)   The following limitations shall apply to grants of Options to
Employees:

                  (i)   No Employee shall be granted, in any fiscal year of the
Company, Options to purchase more than 2,000,000 Shares.

                  (ii)  In connection with his or her initial employment, an
Employee may be granted Options to purchase up to an additional 2,000,000 Shares
which shall not count against the limit set forth in subsection (i) above.

                  (iii) The foregoing limitations shall be adjusted
proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as
described in Section 12.

                                       6
<PAGE>

      7.    Term of Plan. Subject to Section 18 of the Plan, the Plan shall
become effective upon its approval by the shareholders of the Company as
described in Section 18 of the Plan. It shall continue in effect for a term of
ten (10) years unless terminated earlier under Section 14 of the Plan.

      8.    Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be stated in the
Notice of Grant; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option, the term shall be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter
term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant.

      9.    Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

            (a)   Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to
be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be no less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

            (b)   Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is
granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and shall determine any conditions which must be satisfied before the
Option may be exercised. In so doing, the Administrator may specify that an
Option may not be exercised until the completion of a service period.

            (c)   Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator shall
determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such
consideration may consist entirely of:

                  (i)   cash;

                  (ii)  check;

                  (iii) promissory note;

                  (iv)  other Shares which (A) in the case of Shares acquired
upon exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six
months on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said
Option shall be exercised;

                  (v)   delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together
with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, if
applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to
the Company of the sale or loan proceeds required to pay the exercise price;

                                       7
<PAGE>

                  (vi)  a reduction in the amount of any Company liability to
the Optionee, including any liability attributable to the Optionee's
participation in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program or
arrangement;

                  (vii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment; or

                  (viii) such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

      10.   Exercise of Option.

            (a)   Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder. Any Option
granted hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Option Agreement.

                  An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

                  An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives:
(i) written notice of exercise (in accordance with the Option Agreement) from
the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares
with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full payment may consist of any
consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and
permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of
an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if requested by the
Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse. Until the stock
certificate evidencing such Shares is issued (as evidenced by the appropriate
entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the
Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the
exercise of the Option. The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such
stock certificate promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be
made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the
date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 12 of the
Plan.

                  Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the number
of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

            (b)   Termination of Employment Relationship.

                  (i)   In General. Upon termination of an Optionee's Continuous
Status as an Employee, other than upon the Optionee's death, Disability, or
Retirement, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option within such period of
time as is specified in the Notice of Grant to the extent that he or she is
entitled to exercise it on the date of termination (but in no event later than
the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant).
In the absence of a specified time in the Notice of Grant, the Option shall
remain exercisable for thirty (30) days following the Optionee's termination. In
the case of an Incentive Stock Option, such period of

                                       8
<PAGE>

time for exercise shall not exceed three (3) months from the date of
termination. If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not entitled to
exercise his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unexercisable
portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the
Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the
Administrator, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option
shall revert to the Plan.

                  (ii)  Retirement of Optionee. In the event of termination of
an Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee as a result of his or her
Retirement, such Optionee's Option shall, in the sole discretion of the
Administrator, accelerate vesting or continue to vest, continue to become
exercisable, and may be exercised during such period of time as is determined by
the Administrator and as provided in the Option Agreement (but in no event may
the Option be exercised after the expiration date of the term of such Option as
set forth in the Option Agreement). If, at the end of such period of time, the
Optionee is not entitled to exercise his or her entire Option, the Shares
covered by the unexercisable portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan. If
the Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by
the Administrator, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such
Option shall revert to the Plan.

                  (iii) Disability of Optionee. Upon termination of an
Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee as a result of the Optionee's
Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option at any time within three
(3) months (or such other period of time not exceeding twelve (12) months as is
determined by the Administrator, with such determination in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option being made at the time of grant of the Option) from the
date of termination, but only to the extent that the Optionee is entitled to
exercise it on the date of termination (and in no event later than the
expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant). If,
on the date of termination, the Optionee is not entitled to exercise his or her
entire Option, the Shares covered by the unexercisable portion of the Option
shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise
his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate,
and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

                  (iv)  Death of Optionee. Upon the death of an Optionee:

                        (a)   during the term of the Option who is at the time
of his or her death an Employee of the Company and who shall have been in
Continuous Status as an Employee since the date of grant of the Option, the
Option may be exercised by the Optionee's estate or by a person who acquired the
right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance at any time within six
(6) months (or, in the case of Retirement, such longer period of time, not to
exceed 12 months, as determined by the Administrator) following the date of
death, but in no event later than the date of expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Option Agreement, and only to the extent of the right
to exercise the Option that would have accrued had the Optionee continued living
and remained in Continuous Status as an Employee six (6) months after the date
of death, subject to the limitation set forth in Section 6(a); or

                                       9
<PAGE>

                        (b)   within thirty (30) days (or such other period of
time not exceeding three (3) months as is determined by the Administrator, with
such determination in the case of an Incentive Stock Option being made at the
time of grant of the Option) after his or her termination of Continuous Status
as an Employee, the Option may be exercised by the Optionee's estate or by a
person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance,
at any time within six (6) months (or, in the case of Retirement, such longer
period of time, not to exceed 12 months, as determined by the Administrator)
following the date of death, but in no event later than the date of expiration
of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement, and only to the
extent of the right to exercise the Option that had accrued at the date of
termination.

                        (c)   Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at any
time offer to buy out for a payment in cash or Shares, an Option previously
granted based on such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish
and communicate to the Optionee at the time that such offer is made.

                        (d)   Rule 16b-3. Options granted to individuals subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act ("Insiders") must comply with the applicable
provisions of Rule 16b-3 and shall contain such additional conditions or
restrictions as may, in the Administrator's sole discretion, be necessary and
desirable to qualify thereunder for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the
Exchange Act with respect to Plan transactions.

      11.   Non-Transferability of Options. An Option may not be sold, pledged,
assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by
will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the
lifetime of the Optionee, only by the Optionee.

      12.   Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger, or
Asset Sale.

            (a)   Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by
the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by
each outstanding Option, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have
been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options have yet
been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or
expiration of an Option, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered
by each such outstanding Option, shall be proportionately adjusted for any
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting
from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination, or
reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the
number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of
consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any
convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected
without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding, and conclusive.
Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of
stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class,
shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to,
the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option.

                                       10
<PAGE>

            (b)   Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each
Optionee as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed
transaction. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for an Optionee to
have the right to exercise his or her Option prior to such transaction as to all
of the Optioned Stock covered thereby, including Shares as to which the Option
would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator may provide
that any Company repurchase option applicable to any Shares purchased upon
exercise of an Option shall lapse as to all such Shares, provided the proposed
dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner
contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Option will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.

            (c)   Merger or Asset Sale. In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets
of the Company, each outstanding Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option
substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the
successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to
assume or substitute for the Option, the Optionee shall have the right to
exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to
which it would not otherwise be exercisable. If an Option is exercisable in lieu
of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or sale of assets, the
Administrator shall notify the Optionee that the Option shall be fully
exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and
the Option shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. For the purposes
of this paragraph, the Option shall be considered assumed if, following the
merger or sale of assets, the option or right confers the right to purchase or
receive, for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option immediately
prior to the merger or sale of assets, the consideration (whether stock, cash,
or other securities or property) received in the merger or sale of assets by
holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the
transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of
consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares);
provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or sale of
assets was not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent,
the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide
for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option, for each
Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option, to be solely common stock of the
successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share
consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or sale of
assets.

      13.   Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option shall be, for all
purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Option, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator.
Notice of the determination shall be provided to each Optionee within a
reasonable time after the date of such grant.

      14.   Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

            (a)   Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend,
alter, suspend, or terminate the Plan.

                                       11
<PAGE>

            (b)   Shareholder Approval. The Company shall obtain shareholder
approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply
with Rule 16b-3 or with Section 422 of the Code (or any successor rule or
statute or other applicable law, rule, or regulation, including the requirements
of any exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted). Such shareholder approval, if required, shall be obtained in such a
manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, rule, or
regulation.

            (c)   Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration,
suspension, or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Optionee,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the Administrator,
which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company.

      15.   Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

            (a)   Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the
exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and
delivery of such Shares shall comply with all relevant provisions of law,
including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, Applicable Laws,
and the requirements of any stock exchange or quotation system upon which the
Shares may then be listed or quoted, and shall be further subject to the
approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

            (b)   Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of
an Option, the Company may require the person exercising such Option to
represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being
purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or
distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a
representation is required.

      16.   Liability of Company.

            (a)   Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and
sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in
respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority shall not have been obtained.

            (b)   Grants Exceeding Allotted Shares. If the Optioned Stock
covered by an Option exceeds, as of the date of grant, the number of Shares
which may be issued under the Plan without additional shareholder approval, such
Option shall be void with respect to such excess Optioned Stock, unless
shareholder approval of an amendment sufficiently increasing the number of
Shares subject to the Plan is timely obtained in accordance with Section 14(b)
of the Plan.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      17.   Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan,
will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

      18.   Shareholder Approval. Continuance of the Plan shall be subject to
approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months before or
after the date the Plan is adopted. Such shareholder approval shall be obtained
in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws and the rules of
any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed.


                                       13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
