<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh109redacted.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CRUDE PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>
July 19, 2002                          EQUIVA TRADING COMPANY


Berry Petroleum Company
5201 Truxtun Ave., Suite 300
Bakersfield, CA 93309-0640

Attention:     Mr. Ron Cross            Equiva Purchase Contract
               Mr. Michael Duginski       No.: BEP10132LP
                                        Contract Dated: 8/01/02

Gentlemen:

           THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into by and between
EQUIVA TRADING COMPANY, a Delaware General Partnership ("Buyer"),
and  BERRY  PETROLEUM COMPANY, a Delaware Corporation, ("Seller")
acting  for  itself and in its capacity as the  Operator  of  the
attached  listed properties for the benefit of itself,  and  sets
forth  the  terms, conditions and provisions under  which  Seller
will sell and deliver and Buyer will purchase and receive certain
crude oil.

           The  crude  oil that is sold and purchased under  this
Agreement is that crude oil produced from the field wells located
within  the  area  of the leases listed, which area  consists  of
lands  covered by the oil and gas leases and/or other  properties
that  are  specifically  described on  the  Schedule  of  Covered
Producing  Properties  that  is attached  to  this  Agreement  as
Exhibit B, all of which lands are located in California,  to  the
full  extent, but only to the extent that Seller owns such  crude
oil production or otherwise controls the right to market and sell
such  crude  oil production.  Seller shall sell and  deliver  and
Buyer  shall purchase and receive all such crude oil  during  the
delivery  term provided for in this Agreement, all in  accordance
with  and  subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions
of  this  Agreement.   However, nothing in this  Agreement  shall
obligate Seller to produce any particular volume of crude oil  or
to produce any crude oil at all from any of the lands  listed.

          In addition to the foregoing, the terms, conditions and
provisions  of this Agreement consist of and include the  Special
Provisions attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A and  the  TTTI
General  Provisions  (December 1990), as modified  by  Buyer  and
Seller  and  attached to this Agreement as Exhibit  C.   Each  of
Exhibit  A,  Exhibit B, and Exhibit C are incorporated  into  and
made   a   part  of  this  Agreement.   In  the  event   of   any
inconsistencies  between Exhibit  A and  Exhibit  C,  the  terms,
conditions and provisions of Exhibit A (Special Provisions) shall
prevail.

           IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and Seller have caused this
Agreement  to  be  executed in duplicate on the  date  set  forth
opposite their respective signatures.

     Please return one fully executed original of this Agreement
to the attention of Contract Administrator.

                      Very truly yours,

BERRY PETROLEUM COMPANY         EQUIVA TRADING COMPANY


By: s/s Michael Duginski     By: s/s Jimmy French
     Michael Duginski             Jimmy French
     Vice President               Manager, Crude Oil Acquisitions
     U.S. West Coast
     Corporate Development

Date: 30/July/02             By: s/s Mike Purdy
                                  Mike Purdy
                                  Manager Lease Crude Oil
                                  Acquisitions

                             Date: 7/30/02

                         EXHIBIT 10.9               Page 1 of 5
<PAGE> 1


BEP10132LP                         7/19/2002
Dated:   8/01/02

EXHIBIT A

Berry Petroleum Company, Inc
Contact:  Ron Cross                  Equiva Contact:  Mike Purdy
Phone:    661-616-3821               Phone:    661-328-2311

Berry Petroleum Company, Inc Sale and Delivery to Equiva:


Amends       Supercedes Contract BEP1011LP Midway Sunset
             Supercedes Contract BEP1010LP Placerita
             Supercedes Contract BEP1005CP Montalvo

Quality      Midway Sunset merchantable oil (approximately
              13 gravity).
             Placerita merchantable oil (approximately 13
              gravity ).
             Montalvo merchantable oil (approximately
              27gravity).

Quantity     Approximately 15,000b/d of oil from Midway
              Sunset, Placerita, & Montalvo fields as described
              in Exhibit B.

Delivery     From lease tankage into Equiva Trading Company
point         nominated pipeline, transfer line, or  truck crude
              carrier.  Measurement shall be by appropriate ASTM
              designated custody transfer method.

Term         This contract shall be in effect August 1,
              2002.  The new contract pricing set forth below for
              all of the volume shall begin on the first day of
              the first month the additional Formax volume can be
              added to the contract volume.  Until such time as
              100% of the Formax crude is nominated to Equiva, the
              pricing terms defined in contracts BEP1011LP,
              BEP1010LP and BEP1005CP shall remain in effect. This
              contract shall continue until December 31, 2005 and
              month to month thereafter until the first of the
              month following either company's sixty (60) day
              advanced written notice of termination.  The payment
              due date shall be on or before the 20th day of the
              month following the delivery month.

Pricing        All heavy barrels from Midway Sunset &
Midway Sunset  Placerita shall be priced monthly at the higher of
& Placerita    1) the Monthly Calendar average NYMEX LESS [*] OR 2)
               the average of Chevron, Union 76, Exxon/Mobil, and
               Equiva Trading Company's posting for Midway-Sunset
Pricing        crude PLUS a premium of [*] per barrel with either
Montalvo       price being gravity adjusted from 13 degrees.

               The Montalvo light barrels produced from the
               McGrath 4 Pool lease shall be priced at the monthly
               calendar average of postings by Union 76 and Equiva
               Trading Company for Ventura Avenue Crude, gravity
               adjusted from 28 degrees, PLUS a premium of [*] per
               barrel. Montalvo light barrels in excess of 100 BOPD
               monthly average shall incur a transportation charge
               of [*] per barrel.

                   [*] represents confidential material which
                   has been redacted.   A Confidential
                   Treatment Request, including the redacted
                   material, has been filed separately with
                   the Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of
                   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

New Volumes    The approximate volume of the total purchase is
               15,000 b/d +/- as described in Exhibit B.  Montalvo
               lease light oil  is being added to this contract.
               Berry Petroleum shall have the right to add
               additional volumes of San Joaquin Valley heavy crude
               of similar type and quality as the crude being
               produced from Berry's Midway Sunset properties ("New
               Volume").  [*]  In the event of New Volume there
               shall be no transportation charge for delivery from
               the Berry Central Facility and delivery from any
               other point may incur a transportation charge as the
               parties may mutually agree at the time any New
               Volume is added to this Contract to reflect added
               distance to the Shell pipeline compared to distance
               from the Berry Central Facility to the Shell
               pipeline.

                   [*] represents confidential material which
                   has been redacted.   A Confidential
                   Treatment Request, including the redacted
                   material, has been filed separately with
                   the Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of
                   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Assignment     Should Berry Petroleum Company be acquired or
and            merged into another entity, this contract shall
Succession     remain in effect for the succeeding entity.  Should
               Equiva Trading Company be acquired or merged into
               another entity, this contract shall remain in effect
               for the succeeding party. Neither Party shall assign
               the Agreement or its rights hereunder without prior
               written consent of the other Party.

All Other      All other terms and conditions shall remain
Terms          the same.

<PAGE> 2                   EXHIBIT 10.9               Page 2 of 5


Equiva Purchase Contract No.: BEP10132LP
Dated:   8/01/02

EXHIBIT B
<TABLE>
CUSTOMER NAME: Berry Petroleum Company, Inc
EQUIVA TRADING  COMPANY
ETCO CONTRACT NO.:
CONTRACT DATE:  9/01/02
<CAPTION>
                                                             APPROX.
LEASE                                                        LEASE August 2002
NUMBER  PROPERTY NAME    COUNTY       FIELD       TERMS      TOTAL DELIVERY     TRANSPORTATION METHOD
<S>     <C>              <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>              <C>
52485   Central          Kern         Midway SS   8/1/02-         7000           Equiva design. PPL
        Facility                                  12/31/05
01817   Formax           Kern         Midway SS   8/1/02-         3200           Equiva design. PPL
                                                  12/31/05
Various NMWSS            Kern         Midway SS   8/1/02 -         550           Equiva designated PPL
                                                  12/31/05
01733   Ethel D          Kern         Midway SS   8/1/02-          125           Equiva design. PPL
                                                  12/31/05
52312   Placerita        Los Angeles  Placerita   8/1/02-        3,000           Equiva design. trucks
                                                  12/31/05
52329   McGrath #4       Ventura      Montalvo    8/1/02-           50           Equiva design. trucks
                                                  12/31/05
</TABLE>

<PAGE>                    EXHIBIT 10.9               Page 3 of 5



ATTACHMENT C   ETCO CONTRACT NO.: BEP10132LP CONTRACT DATE:
8/01/02


              TEXACO TRADING & TRANSPORTATION, INC.
                       GENERAL PROVISIONS

SPECIFIC TERMS:  The specific terms of the Contracts between  the
Buyer  and the Seller, including a description of the crude  oil,
condensate  and/or  natural gas liquids  (`liquid  hydrocarbons")
subject thereto, quantity, price, shipment and payment terms, are
set  forth  in  specific Agreements between  the  Buyer  and  the
Seller,  which, together with the printed terms below, constitute
integrated  Contracts between the parties.  In the event  of  any
inconsistency  between the printed terms below and such  specific
terms, the specific terms shall prevail.

WARRANTY/TAXES:   The Seller warrants good title  to  all  liquid
hydrocarbons  delivered pursuant to this  Contract  and  warrants
that  such  shall be free from all royalties, liens, encumbrances
and  all applicable foreign, Federal, State and local taxes  that
are   imposed  upon  the  production  and/or  removal  of  liquid
hydrocarbons  from  the premises through the point  of  delivery.
Seller  further warrants that such liquid hydrocarbons have  been
produced,  handled and transported to the point  of  delivery  in
accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of all
Federal,  State  and local authorities.  Seller further  warrants
that  all liquid hydrocarbons will be merchantable.  Merchantable
liquid  hydrocarbons are defined as unrefined liquid hydrocarbons
of  the  type  set forth in the specific Agreements  between  the
parties  which are suitable for normal refinery processing,  meet
the specifications of delivering carriers and are free of foreign
contaminants   and  chemicals  including  but  not   limited   to
chlorinated and oxygenated hydrocarbons.  Buyer shall  be  liable
for  and shall remit to the proper government authorities any new
or  additional  Federal,  State, municipal  or  other  regulatory
body's taxes, inspection fees, transfer taxes or fees, occupation
taxes or other like assessments or charges that may be applicable
to  liquid hydrocarbons after the point of delivery.  If any  tax
imposed  by 26 U.S.C. Sec. 4611 (the tax on petroleum  under  the
Superfund  Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986)  shall  be
applicable  after  the point of delivery to a purchase,  sale  or
exchange pursuant to this Contract, the Buyer shall be liable for
payment  and shall be responsible for remittance of such  tax  to
the appropriate governmental authority.

TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS:  Title to, possession of and risk of loss
of  liquid  hydrocarbons shall pass to the Buyer  as  the  liquid
hydrocarbons pass from equipment or location owned or  controlled
by  the  Seller  or owned or controlled by a Party designated  to
make  delivery on behalf of the Seller, into equipment  owned  or
controlled  by  the  Buyer  or owned or  controlled  by  a  Party
designated  to  take delivery on behalf of the Buyer.   Provided,
however, that in cases of line transfers, title to, possession of
and  risk  of loss of liquid hydrocarbons shall pass to Buyer  as
the  liquid hydrocarbons are deemed transferred.  Such  shall  be
deemed  transferred  to Buyer upon completion  of  each  in  line
transfer  with  quantity determined when available in  accordance
with  the  transfer  statement or other  receipt  issued  by  the
carrier or storage facility.

EQUAL  DELIVERIES:   For  purposes of determining  price,  liquid
hydrocarbons delivered during any given month hereunder shall  be
deemed  to  have been delivered in equal daily quantities  during
such month.

MEASUREMENTS   AND  TESTS:   All  measurement   hereunder   shall
represent one hundred percent (100%) volume with such volume  and
gravity  adjusted  to sixty degrees (60) Fahrenheit  temperature.
Procedures  for  measuring  and testing,  except  for  deliveries
through  positive displacement-type delivery, shall be  according
to  ASTM  published methods then in effect.  Procedures for  such
metered-type  delivery  shall  be according  to  latest  ASME-API
published  methods  then  in  effect.   The  liquid  hydrocarbons
delivered hereunder shall be merchantable and acceptable  to  the
carriers involved, and full deduction shall be made for all  BS&W
content  according  to the latest ASTM standard  method  then  in
effect.  Should either Party hereto fail to have a representative
present  during such measuring and testing, the measurements  and
tests of the other Party will be accepted.

CONFIRMATION  OF  DELIVERY:  Confirmation of  delivery  shall  be
based  on  run  tickets evidencing such delivery  or  allocations
statements issued by the carriers involved.

CONFIRMATION OF EXCHANGE BALANCES:  If this Contract is  for  the
exchange  of  liquid hydrocarbons and is in effect  within  sixty
(60)  days  after  delivery thereunder is completed,  each  Party
agrees  to  confirm in writing to the other Party the  status  in
barrels   of   liquid  hydrocarbons  of  mutual  and   reciprocal
obligations to deliver liquid hydrocarbons.

DIVISION  ORDERS:   In the event either Party  signs  a  division
order  in  favor of the other Party pertaining to the  object  of
this  Contract,  the terms of this Contract shall  supersede  the
terms  of  such  division order to the  extent  there  may  be  a
conflict between the two.

FINANCIAL  RESPONSIBILITY:  Should Buyer's  credit  or  financial
responsibility become unsatisfactory to Seller at any time  while
a  Contract  is in effect between the parties, cash  payments  or
security satisfactory to Seller may be required by Seller  before
proceeding.   In  the  event  either Party  (the  "Non-Performing
Party")  shall (I)  make an assignment or any general arrangement
for  the  benefit  of credits, (II) default  in  the  payment  or
performance  of any Contract between the parties,  (III)  file  a
petition or otherwise commence or authorize the commencement of a
proceeding  or case under any bankruptcy or similar law  for  the
protection of creditors or have such petition filed or proceeding
commenced against it, (IV) otherwise become bankrupt or insolvent
(however evidenced), (V)  be unable to pay its debts as they fall
due,  or (VI) fail to give adequate security for or assurance  of
its  ability to perform its obligation under any Contract between
the  parties  within 48 hours of a reasonable  request  therefor,
then  in any such event, the other Party (the "Performing Party")
shall  have the right to (I) withhold shipments or terminate  any
or  all Contracts between the parties without notice, and/or (II)
immediately   liquidate  any  or  all  forward   Contracts   then
outstanding between the parties by closing out each such  forward
Contract  by  buying from the Non-Performing Party  the  material
purchased  and  sold  thereunder and calculating  market  damages
equal to the differences, if any, between the value specified  in
such  Contract and the then prevailing market rates as reasonable
determined  by  the  Performing Party,  setting  off  all  market
damages so determined and payable by each of the parties  to  the
other, setting  off all margin held by either Party to secure the
obligations of the other Party, (including all payments  due  the
other  Party with respect to deliveries received from such  other
Party,  which payments, prior to payment, shall be deemed  to  be
held  by  each  Party  as  margin to  secure  the  other  Party's
obligations from time to

<PAGE>                   EXHIBIT 10.9               Page 3 of 5


time incurred),  whereupon  all  such
amounts  shall  be  aggregated or netted to a  single  liquidated
amount  payable  within one business day by the Party  owing  the
greater  such amount to the other.  The exercise by either  Party
of  any right reserved under this section shall be in addition to
and not in limitation or exclusion of any other rights which such
Party  may  have  (whether  by operation  of  law  or  otherwise)
including  any  rights and remedies under the Uniform  Commercial
Code.

ASSIGNMENT:  Neither Party shall assign this Contract without the
prior written consent of the other.

TERMINATION  AGREEMENT:  The parties agree that any  quantity  of
liquid hydrocarbons due and owing or to become due from one Party
to the other pursuant to this Contract may be waived or otherwise
settled by mutual agreement of the parties, in writing.

FORCE  MAJEURE:  Neither Party shall be liable to the  other  for
failure or delay in making or accepting delivery hereunder to the
extent  that such failure or delay may be due to compliance  with
acts,  orders, regulations or requests of any Federal,  State  or
local  civilian  or  military  authority  or  any  other  persons
purporting  to  act therefor; riots; strikes; labor difficulties;
action of the elements; transportation difficulties; or any other
cause reasonably beyond the control of such Party, whether Seller
or not.  For the purposes of this section, the term "Party" shall
be  defined  to  include Seller's supplier and Buyer's  receiver.
Seller  shall not be obligated to make up any deliveries  omitted
as  a  result  of  any of the causes enumerated in  this  section
except that Seller and Buyer are required to reconcile or balance
zero  value  exchanges.  In the event either  Party  is  claiming
(Telex or other electronic communication acceptable) with as much
advance notice as is possible the underlying circumstances of the
particular  cause(s) of Force Majeure and the  expected  duration
thereof and notwithstanding the provisions of this section, Buyer
shall  not  be  relieved of any obligation to make payments  with
regard to liquid hydrocarbons that have been delivered hereunder.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION:  This Contract shall be construed
and  governed  by  the  laws of the State of  California  to  the
exclusion  of  any other legal system, and each  Party  expressly
submits  to the jurisdiction venue of the courts of the State  of
California or the federal courts in Colorado for the purposes  of
litigation.

NEW  OR  CHANGED  REGULATIONS:  Each of  the  parties  hereto  is
entering  this  Contract in reliance on the  laws,  taxes,  fees,
duties, rules, regulations, decrees, agreements, concessions  and
arrangements  with  government or governmental  instrumentalities
(the  "Regulations") in effect on the date of this Contract which
directly  or  indirectly affect the oil sold and to be  delivered
hereunder  insofar as these Regulations affect  the  Seller,  the
Seller's supplier, the Buyer or the receiver.

In  the  event that during the term of this Contract any  of  the
Regulations  or changed or new Regulations become  effective  and
the  effect of such new or changed Regulations is not covered  by
any  other  provision  of this Contract and  said  change  has  a
material  adverse economic impact upon the parties  named  above,
the Party affected or if the Seller's supplier, the Seller, or if
the  Buyer's receiver, the Buyer, in the exercise of  good  faith
shall  have  the option to request renegotiations of  the  prices
and/or  other  relevant terms of this Contract  with  respect  to
deliveries not yet made.  In the event the Buyer or Seller is  in
good  faith  dissatisfied with the results of the  renegotiation,
either  Party  will  have the right to cancel  this  Contract  if
notice  of  such cancellation is given in writing  to  the  other
Party  within thirty (30) days of the effective date of  (I)  the
change of the Regulations or (II) the new Regulations.

PAYMENT:   Seller and Buyer shall use as a basis for payment  for
the  liquid  hydrocarbons delivered run tickets or any acceptable
ASTM measurement method.  Those tickets shall be delivered by the
responsible  party as soon as possible after the  close  of  each
calendar  month during which deliveries are made  but  not  later
than five business days prior to payment due date.  Payment shall
be in immediately available US Dollars.  Payments due on Saturday
or  bank  holidays shall be made on the preceding  business  day,
unless  such holiday is a Monday in which case payment  shall  be
made  on the following business day; payments due on Sunday shall
be  made on the following business day.  Past due accounts  shall
accrue interest at the published rate for commercial loans quoted
by Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York.

RIGHTS  OF SETOFF:  In the event that either Party shall  default
in  any  payment  or other performance under this  or  any  other
Contract  existing by and between the parties hereto, or  if  any
suit,  claim,  demand,  action  or  cause  of  action  shall   be
instituted  involving any sums due under this or any  other  such
Contract,  then and in any of these events, the other  Party,  at
its  option, shall have the right to withhold any payments or any
deliveries  of liquid hydrocarbons due under this  or  any  other
such  Contract,  or  offset  and  deduct  from  any  payments  of
deliveries due under this or any other such Contract.

AUDIT:  Each Party and its duly authorized representatives  shall
have  access  to  the  accounting  records  and  other  documents
maintained by the other Party which relate to this Contract,  and
shall have the right to audit such records at any reasonable time
or times within three years after termination of this Contract.

WAIVER:   No waiver by either Party of any breach of any  of  the
covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed  by  the
other  Party  shall  be construed as a waiver of  any  succeeding
breach of the same or of any covenant or condition hereof.

TIMING:   References to calendar dates set forth in this Contract
and  any  amendments hereto, shall mean 7:00 A.M.  of  the  dates
indicated.

<PAGE>                   EXHIBIT 10.9               Page 5 of 5




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
