<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh1010.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMP PLAN
<TEXT>


                     BERRY PETROLEUM COMPANY

                      NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR

              DEFERRED STOCK AND COMPENSATION PLAN

                 (as amended December 6, 2002)


Section 1.     Establishment of Plan; Purpose.  The Berry
Petroleum  Company  Non-Employee  Director Deferred  Stock  and
Compensation Plan (the  "Plan")  is  hereby established to permit
Eligible Directors, in recognition of their contributions  to the
Company (a) to receive Shares  in  lieu  of Compensation  and
(b) to defer recognition of their  Compensation in  the  manner
described below.  The Plan is intended to  enable the  Company to
attract, retain and motivate qualified  directors and  to  enhance
the  long-term mutuality  of  interest  between Directors and
stockholders of the Company.

Section 2.     Definitions.  When  used in this Plan, the
following terms shall  have the definitions set forth in
this Section:

  2.1. "Accounts" shall mean an Eligible Director's Stock Unit
Account and Interest Account.

  2.2. "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of
the Company.

  2.3. "Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors or such other committee of the Board as the
Board shall designate from time to time.

  2.4. "Company" shall mean Berry Petroleum Company, a Delaware
corporation.

  2.5. "Compensation" shall mean (a) the fee earned by an Eligible
Director for service as a Director; (b) the fee, if any, earned
by an Eligible Director for service as a member of a committee of
the Board of Directors; and (c) the fee earned by an Eligible
Director for (i) attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors
and (ii) attendance at meetings of  committees.  All Compensation
earned by an Eligible Director for the services identified in
subsections (a), (b) and (c) above, shall be deemed earned by an
Eligible Director and credited to the designated Accounts on the
last trading day of the fiscal quarter in which such service was
provided.

  2.6. "Director" shall mean any member of the Board of Directors,
whether or not such member is an Eligible Director.

  2.7. "Effective Date" shall mean the date on which the Plan is
approved by the stockholders of the Company.

  2.8. "Eligible Director" shall mean a member of the Board of
Directors who is not an employee of the Company.


<PAGE> 1                    EXHIBIT 10.10           Page 1 of 7


  2.9. "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.

  2.10. "Fair Market Value" shall mean the closing price of a
Share as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on the last
trading day of such fiscal quarter on which such value is to be
determined under this Plan.

  2.11. "Interest Account" shall mean the bookkeeping account
established to record the interests of an Eligible Director with
respect to deferred Compensation that is not allocated to Units
in a Stock Unit Account.

  2.12. "Shares" shall mean shares of Stock.

  2.13. "Stock" shall mean the Class A Common Stock of the
Company.

  2.14. "Stock Unit Account" shall mean a bookkeeping account
established to record the interests of an Eligible Director who
has elected to have deferred Compensation credited as Units in
this Account.

  2.15. "Unit" shall mean a contractual obligation of the
Company to deliver a Share, or pay cash, based on the Fair Market
Value of a Share to an Eligible Director or the beneficiary or
estate of such Eligible Director as provided herein.

     Section 3.     Administration

     .    The  Plan  shall  be  administered  by  the  Committee;
provided, however, that the Plan shall be administered such  that
any  Director  participating in the Plan  shall  continue  to  be
deemed  to  be a "disinterested person" under Rule 16b-3  of  the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act  ("Rule
16b-3"), as such Rule is in effect on the Effective Date  of  the
Plan  and as it may be subsequently amended, for purposes of such
Director's  ability  to  serve  on  any  committee  charged  with
administering  any of the Company's stock-based  incentive  plans
for  executive  officers intended to qualify  for  the  exemptive
relief available under Rule 16b-3.

Section 4.     Shares Authorized for Issuance.

  4.1.  Maximum Number of Shares.   The  aggregate number of
Shares which may be  issued  to Eligible Directors under the
Plan shall not exceed  Two  Hundred Fifty Thousand  (250,000)
Shares,  subject  to  adjustment as provided  in  Section 4.2
below.  If any Unit is  distributed  in cash or is forfeited
without a distribution of Shares, the Shares otherwise
subject  to  such  Unit  shall  again  be   available
hereunder.

  4.2.  Adjustment for Corporate Transactions.  If the outstanding
Stock is increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a
different number or kind of shares of the Company through
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend,
stock split or reverse stock split, an appropriate and
proportionate adjustment shall be made in the number or kind of
shares which may be issued in the aggregate under this Plan and
the number of Units that have been, or  may be, issued under this
Plan; provided, however, that no such adjustment need be made if,
upon the advice of counsel, the Committee determines that such
adjustment may result in the receipt of federally taxable income
to holders of Stock or other classes of the

<PAGE> 2                   EXHIBIT 10.10           Page 2 of 7



Company's equity securities.  The nature and extent  of  such
adjustments shall be determined by the Committee in  its  sole
discretion, and any such determination as  to  what adjustments
shall  be  made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding
and conclusive.  No fractional shares of Stock shall be issued
under this Plan pursuant to any such adjustment.

     Section 5.     Deferred Compensation Program.

  5.1. Election to Defer.  On or before December 31 of any
calendar year, an Eligible Director may elect to defer receipt of
all or any part of any Compensation payable in respect of the
calendar year following the year in which such election is made,
and to have such amounts credited, in whole or in part, to a Stock
Unit Account or an Interest Account.  Any person who shall become
an Eligible Director during any calendar year may elect, not later
than  the 30th day after his term as a Director begins, to  defer
payment  of all or any part of his Compensation payable  for  the
portion  of such calendar year following such election.   In  the
year  in  which  this  Plan  is first implemented,  any  Eligible
Director  may  elect,  not later than  the  30th  day  after  the
Effective  Date,  to  defer payment of all or  any  part  of  his
Compensation  payable  for  the portion  of  such  calendar  year
following the Effective Date.

  5.2. Method of Election.  A deferral election shall be made by
written notice filed with the Corporate Secretary of the Company.
Such election shall continue in effect (including  with  respect
to Compensation payable for subsequent calendar years)  unless
and until the Eligible  Director revokes or modifies such election
by written notice filed with the Corporate Secretary.  Any such
revocation or modification of a deferral election shall become
effective as of December 31 of the year in which such notice is
given and only with  respect to Compensation payable in respect
of the calendar year following the year in which just revocation
or modification is  made;  provided however that if the effect
of such revocation or modification of a deferral election is to
change the amount of deferred Compensation that would otherwise
have been credited to the Stock Unit Account it shall in no event
become effective earlier than six (6) months after it is received
by the Corporate Secretary.  Amounts credited to the Eligible
Director's Stock Unit Account prior to the effective date of any
such revocation or modification of a deferral election shall not
be affected by such revocation or modification and shall be
credited and distributed only in accordance with the deferral
election in place prior to such revocation and modification and
otherwise in accordance with the applicable terms of the Plan.
An Eligible Director who has revoked an election to participate
in the Plan may file a new election to defer Compensation with
respect to services rendered in the calendar year following the
year in which such new election is filed with the Corporate
Secretary of the Company.

  5.3. Investment Election.  At the time an Eligible Director
elects to defer receipt of Compensation pursuant to Section 5.1,
the Eligible Director shall also designate in writing the portion
of such Compensation, stated as a whole percentage, to be
credited to the Interest Account and the portion to be credited
to the Stock Unit Account.  If an Eligible Director fails to
designate the allocation between the two Accounts, 100% of such
Compensation shall be credited to the Interest Account.  By
written notice to the Corporate Secretary, an Eligible Director
may change the investment election and the manner in which
Compensation is allocated among the Accounts but only with
respect to services to be rendered in the calendar year following
the year in which such new investment election is filed with the
Corporate Secretary,

<PAGE> 3                 EXHIBIT 10.10             Page 3 of 7


provided that any such election shall only be effective with
respect to Compensation payable six (6) months after such new
investment election is received by the Corporate Secretary.

  5.4. Interest Account.

    a.  Any Compensation allocated to an Eligible Director's
Interest  Account  shall be deemed earned  and  credited  to  the
Interest Account as of the last trading day of the fiscal quarter
in  which  the  service was provided for which such  compensation
amount would have been paid to the Eligible Director.

    b.  Any amounts credited to the Interest Account shall be
credited with interest at the rate of five percent (5%) per
annum, compounded annually.

  5.5. Stock Unit Account.

    a.  Any Compensation allocated to an Eligible Director's Stock
Unit Account shall be deemed earned and credited to Units in  the
Stock  Unit  Account as of the last trading  day  of  the  fiscal
quarter  in  which  the  service  was  provided  for  which  such
compensation  amount  would  have  been  paid  to  the   Eligible
Director.

    b.  The number of Units allocated to the Eligible Director's
Stock Unit Account pursuant to subsection (a) above shall be
equal to the quotient of (i) the aggregate Compensation allocated
to the Stock Unit Account as of the last trading day of the
fiscal quarter divided by (ii) the Fair Market Value on the last
trading day of such quarter.  Fractional Units shall be credited,
but shall be rounded to the nearest hundredth percentile, with
amounts equal to or greater than .005 rounded up and amounts less
than .005 rounded down.

  5.6. Dividend Equivalents.

    a.  An Eligible Director who has elected to defer Compensation
to  a Stock Unit Account shall have no rights as a stockholder of
the   Company  with  respect  to  any  Units  until  Shares   are
distributed and delivered to the Eligible Director.

    b.  Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a), each
Eligible Director who has allocated Compensation to a Stock Unit
Account shall have the right to receive an amount equal to the
dividend per Share declared by the Company on the applicable
dividend payment date (which, in the case of any dividend
distributable in property other than Shares, shall be the per
Share value of such dividend, as determined by the Company for
purposes of income tax reporting) times the number of Units held
by such Eligible Director in his Stock Unit Account (a "Dividend
Equivalent").

    c.  Each Eligible Director may designate in writing to the
Corporate Secretary, prior to any calendar year, whether any
Dividend Equivalent is to be:  (i) payable in cash, on or as soon
as practicable after each date on which dividends are paid to
stockholders with respect to Shares;  (ii) deferred and credited
to the Eligible Director's Interest Account; or (iii) treated as
reinvested in an additional number of Units and credited to the
Eligible Director's Stock Unit Account.

<PAGE> 4                 EXHIBIT 10.10            Page 4 of 7



    d.  The additional number of Units to be credited to the
Eligible Director's Stock Unit Account pursuant to (c) (iii)
shall be determined by dividing (i) the product of (A) the number
of Units in the Eligible Director's Stock Unit Account on the
date the dividend is declared, and (B) the amount of any cash
dividend declared by the Company on a Share (or, in the case of
any dividend distributable in property other than Shares, the per
share value of such dividend, as determined by the Company for
purposes of income tax reporting), by (ii) the Fair Market Value
on the last trading day of the fiscal quarter in which the
dividend is declared.

    e.  Notwithstanding the date used for purposes of determining
the number of additional Units as provided in subsection (d)
above, the additional Units to be credited for Dividend
Equivalents shall be deemed earned and credited to the Eligible
Director's Stock Unit Account on the last trading day of the
fiscal quarter in which such dividend is declared.

    f.  In the event of any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization, reorganization or other corporate transaction
affecting the capital structure of the Company, the Committee
shall make such adjustments to the number of Units credited to
each Eligible Director's Stock Unit Account as the Committee
shall deem necessary or appropriate to prevent the dilution or
enlargement of such Eligible Director's rights and such
adjustment shall be made and effective as of the last day of the
fiscal quarter in which such corporate transaction has occurred.

  5.7. Distribution Election.

    a.  At the time an Eligible Director makes a deferral election
pursuant to Section 5.1, the Eligible Director shall  also  file
with  the Corporate Secretary a written election (a "Distribution
Election")

    b.  The Distribution Election shall specify the aggregate
amount, if any, credited to the Interest Account at any time  and
the  value of any Units credited to the Stock Unit Account  shall
be  distributed  (i)  in  cash, (ii) in  Shares  or  (iii)  in  a
combination  thereof,  provided  further  that  any  election  to
receive a distribution of all or any portion of the value  of  an
Eligible Director's Interest Account in Shares must be made on an
irrevocable  basis  at least six (6) months in  advance  of  such
distribution.

    c.  Such distribution shall commence, at the election of the
Eligible Director, as soon as practicable following the first
business day of the calendar month following the date the
Eligible Director ceases to be a Director or on the first
business day of any calendar year following the calendar year in
which the Eligible Director ceases to be a Director.

    d.  Such distribution shall be in one lump sum payment or in
such number of annual installments (not to exceed ten (10)) as
the Eligible Director may designate.  The amount of any
installment payment shall be determined by multiplying the amount
credited to the Accounts of an Eligible Director immediately
prior to the distribution by a fraction, the numerator of which
is one and the denominator of which is the number of installments
(including the current installment) remaining to be paid.

<PAGE> 5                 EXHIBIT 10.10              Page 5 of 7



    e.  An Eligible Director may at any time prior to the time at
which the Eligible Director ceases to be a Director, and from
time to time, change any Distribution Election applicable to his
Accounts, provided that no election to change the timing of any
final distribution shall be effective unless it is made in
writing and received by the Corporate Secretary at least one (1)
year prior to the time at which the Eligible Director ceases to
be a director.

  5.8. Financial Hardship Withdrawal.  Any Eligible Director may,
after submission of a written request to the Corporate Secretary
and such written evidence of the Eligible Director's financial
condition as the Committee may reasonably request, withdraw from
his Interest Account (but not from his Stock Unit Account) up to
such amount as the Committee shall  determine  to  be  necessary
to alleviate the Eligible Director's financial hardship.

  5.9. Timing and Form of Distributions.

    a.  Any distribution to be made hereunder, whether in the form
of  a lump sum payment or installments, following the termination
of an Eligible Director's service as a Director shall commence in
accordance  with the Distribution Election made by  the  Eligible
Director pursuant to Section 5.7.

    b.  If an Eligible Director fails to specify a form of payment
for a  distribution  in  accordance  with  Section  5.7,   the
distribution from the Interest Account shall be made in cash  and
the  distribution from the Stock Unit Account shall  be  made  in
Shares.

    c.  If an Eligible Director fails to specify in accordance with
Section 5.7 a commencement date for a distribution or whether
such distribution shall be made in a lump sum payment or a number
of installments, such distribution shall be made in a lump sum
payment and commence on the first business day of the month
immediately following the date on which the Eligible Director
ceases to be a Director.  In the case of any distribution being
made in annual installments, each installment after the first
installment shall be paid on the first business day of each
subsequent calendar year, or as soon as practical thereafter,
until the entire amount subject to such Distribution Election
shall have been paid.

     Section 6.     Unfunded Status.  The Company shall be under
no obligation to establish a fund  or reserve in order to pay the
benefits under the Plan.  A Unit represents a contractual
obligation of the Company to deliver Shares or pay cash to an
Eligible Director as provided herein.  The Company has not
segregated or earmarked any Shares or any of the Company's assets
for the benefit of an Eligible Director or his beneficiary or
estate, and the Plan does not, and shall not be construed to,
require the Company to do so.  The Eligible Director and his
beneficiary or estate shall have only an unsecured, contractual
right against the Company with respect to any Units  granted or
amounts credited to an Eligible Director's Accounts hereunder,
and such right shall not be deemed superior to the right of any
other creditor.  Units shall not be deemed to constitute options
or rights to purchase Stock.

     Section 7.     Amendment and Termination.  The Plan may be
amended at any time by the Committee or the Board of Directors.
Any modification of any of the terms and provisions of the Plan,
including this Section, shall not be made more than once every
six (6)

<PAGE> 6                 EXHIBIT 10.10             Page 6 of 7



months.  The Plan shall terminate on May  31, 2008.
Unless the Board otherwise specifies at the  time of  such
termination, the termination of the Plan will not result in  the
premature distribution of the amounts  credited  to  an
Eligible Director's Accounts.

     Section 8.     General Provisions.

  8.1.  No Right to Serve as a Director.  This Plan shall not
impose any obligations on the Company to retain any Eligible
Director as a Director nor shall it impose any obligation on the
part of any Eligible Director to remain as a Director of the
Company.

  8.2.  Rights of a Terminated Director.  Notwithstanding the fact
that an Eligible Director ceases to  be  a  director  during  any
fiscal quarter, the Eligible Director's Accounts shall be
credited, on the last trading day of the fiscal quarter, with all
Compensation and Dividend Equivalents earned as of the last
business day he served as an Eligible Director.

  8.3.  Construction of the Plan.  The validity, construction,
interpretation, administration and effect of the Plan and the
rights relating to the Plan, shall be determined solely in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

  8.4.  No Right to Particular Assets.  Nothing contained in this
Plan and no action taken pursuant to this Plan shall create or be
construed to create a trust  of  any  kind  or any fiduciary
relationship between the Company and any Eligible Director, the
executor, administrator or other  personal representative or
designated beneficiary of such Eligible  Director, or any other
persons.  Any reserves that may be  established by the Company
in connection with Units granted under this Plan shall continue
to be treated as the assets of the Company for federal income tax
purposes and remain subject to the claims  of the Company's
creditors.  To the extent that any Eligible Director or the
executor, administrator, or other personal representative of such
Eligible  Director, acquires a right to receive any payment from
the Company pursuant to this Plan, such right shall be no greater
than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company.

  8.5.  Severability of Provisions.  If any provision of this Plan
shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof,
and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provision
had not been included.

  8.6.  Incapacity.  Any benefit payable to or for the benefit of
a minor, an incompetent person or other person incapable of
receipting therefor shall be deemed paid when paid to such
person's guardian or to the party providing or reasonably
appearing to provide for the  care  of such person, and such
payment shall fully discharge any  liability  or  obligation of
the Board of Directors, the Company and all other parties with
respect thereto.

  8.7.  Headings and Captions.  The  headings  and  captions
herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall
not be considered part of this Plan, and shall not be employed
in the construction of this Plan.


<PAGE> 7                 EXHIBIT 10.10             Page 7 of 7



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
