<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                               EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

This AGREEMENT is made effective as of this 31st day of January, 2003 by and
between THE YARDVILLE NATIONAL BANCORP (the "Holding Company"), a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey, and Patrick M. Ryan (the
"Executive").

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, the Bank desires to employ and retain the services of the
Executive for the period provided in this Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, the Executive is willing to serve in the employ of the Bank on
a full-time basis for said period;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein
contained, and upon the other terms and conditions hereinafter provided, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

1. POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES

         During the period of his employment hereunder, the Executive shall
serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Yardville National Bank
(the "Bank") reporting to the Board of Directors of the Bank and as Chief
Executive Officer of the Holding Company reporting to the Board of Directors of
the Holding Company (collectively, the "Board"). During said period, the
Executive shall also serve as a director of the Bank and as a director of the
Holding Company. Failure to re-elect Executive as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Bank or the Holding Company or failure to re-elect Executive as a
member of the Board of Directors of the Bank or of the Holding Company shall
constitute a Breach of this Agreement.

2. TERMS AND DUTIES

         (A) The period of the Executive's employment under this Agreement shall
commence as of January 31, 2003 and shall continue for a period of twenty-four
(24) full calendar months thereafter, unless terminated by the Bank on account
of death, disability or cause (as herein defined). This Agreement is subject to
approval, for continuation, by the Board of Directors of the Yardville National
Bancorp, at the conclusion of each contract period. Renewals shall be on the
same terms and conditions as set forth herein, except for such modification of
compensation and benefits as may hereafter be agreed upon between the parties
hereto from time to time. This Agreement shall be deemed to continue for an
additional twelve (12) months from each succeeding anniversary date of the
Agreement, it being the intention of the parties that, unless notice is given to
the contrary by either party, the Agreement shall be extended for an additional
one year period so that there be a full twelve month term remaining.


<PAGE>

         (B) During the period of employment, the Executive shall devote full
time and attention to such employment and shall perform such duties as are
customarily and appropriately vested in the President and Chief Executive
Officer of a commercial bank and from time to time may be perceived by the
Board.

3. DEFINITIONS

         For purposes of the Agreement,

         (A) "Cause" means any of the following:

             (i) the willful commission of an act that causes or that probably
             will cause substantial economic damage to the Bank or substantial
             injury to the Bank's business reputation; or,

             (ii) the commission of an act of fraud in the performance of the
             Executive's duties; or

             (iii) a continuing willful failure to perform the duties of the
             Executive's position with the Bank; or

             (iv) the order of a bank regulatory agency or court requiring the
             termination of the Executive's employment.

         (B) "Change in Control": means any of the following:

             (i) the acquisition by any person or group acting in concert of
             beneficial ownership of forty percent (40%) or more of any class of
             equity security of the Bank or the Bank's Holding Company, or

             (ii) the approval by the Board of the sale of all or substantially
             all of the assets of the Bank or Holding Company; or,


<PAGE>

             (iii) the approval by the Board of any merger, consolidation,
             issuance of securities or purchase of assets, the result of which
             would be the occurrence of any event described in clause (i) or
             (ii) above.

         (C) "Disability" means a mental or physical illness or condition
rendering the Executive incapable of performing his normal duties for the Bank.

         (D) "Willfulness" means an act or failure to act done not in good faith
and without reasonable belief that the action or omission was in the best
interest of the Bank.

4. COMPENSATION AND REIMBURSEMENT

         (A) During the period of this agreement, the Bank shall pay to the
Executive an annual salary of not less than $414,000.00. Any increase in the
annual salary for the second year of this agreement will be subject to the
recommendation and approval of the Directors' Organization and Compensation
Committee. This Committee will utilize the services of an outside consultant to
assist in the determination of the second year annual salary.

Such salary shall be reviewed by the Board or a duly appointed committee thereof
at least annually and any adjustments in the amount of salary on said review
shall be fixed by Board from time to time.

         (B) The Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive
benefits under any retirement plan, salary continuation plan, pension plan,
profit-sharing plan, stock plan, group term replacement plan,
health-and-accident plan, medical coverage or any other employee benefit plan or
prerequisite arrangement currently available or which may hereafter be adopted
by the Bank for its senior executives and key management employees, subject to
and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall administration
of such plans and arrangements. Nothing paid to the Executive under any such
plan or arrangement will be deemed to be in lieu of other compensation to which
the Executive is entitled under this Agreement.

         (C) The Executive shall be provided, by the Bank, with an automobile
for his individual use.

<PAGE>


         (D) In addition to the salary provided for under Section 4:

             (i) The Bank shall pay for all reasonable travel and other
             reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his
             obligations under this Agreement.

             (ii) The Executive shall be eligible for an annual cash bonus,
             based upon the Bank's performance during the fiscal year.

             In the first year of the contract period the cash bonus allowance
             will be set at 1.4% of profits, after taxes and prior to
             shareholder dividend payments, if earnings, in the fiscal year,
             exceed $15,000,000.00. If earnings should fall below $15,000,000.00
             the cash bonus allowance will be set at 1.25%, after taxes and
             prior to shareholder dividend payment.

             The cash bonus for year two of this agreement will be subject to
             the recommendation and approval of the Directors' Organization and
             Compensation Committee. This Committee will utilize the services of
             an outside consultant to assist in its determination of the second
             year bonus.

             All cash bonuses, for the Executive, are subject to the
             recommendation and approval of the Directors' Organization and
             Compensation Committee and all bonus provisions will be reviewed
             annually for appropriate revisions.

5. TERMINATION FOR CAUSE

         (A) The Executive shall not have the right to receive compensation or
other benefits provided hereunder for any period after termination for Cause,
except to the extent that Executive may be legally entitled to participate by
virtue of COBRA or any other State or Federal Law concerning employee rights to
benefits upon termination.

<PAGE>

         (B) Any unexercised stock option granted to the Executive shall become
null and void effective upon the Executive's receipt of notice of termination
for Cause and shall not be exercisable by the Executive at any time subsequent
to such termination for Cause.

         (C) The Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause
unless and until there is delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted
by the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the full Board at a
meeting of such Board called and held for the purpose (after the Executive,
together with counsel, has been given the opportunity to be heard before the
Board), finding the Executive guilty of conduct set forth above in the
definition of "Cause" in Subsection 3(A) and specifying the particulars thereof
in detail.

6. CHANGE IN CONTROL

         (A) In the event that within three (3) years after a Change in Control
(as herein defined), the Executive's employment is terminated by the Bank, other
than for death, disability or Cause, the Executive shall be entitled to receive
three (3) years' salary at the base salary currently being paid, and the cash
bonus paid for the most recent prior calendar year, which payment shall be made
in a lump sum within 30 days after the occurrence of such termination.

         (B) The Executive will have the option within six (6) months after a
Change in Control (as herein defined), to elect to resign his position. If the
Executive's voluntary departure is for other than death, disability or cause the
Executive shall be entitled to receive three (3) years' salary at an annual
salary currently being paid, which payment shall be made in a lump sum within 30
days after the occurrence of such voluntary resignation.

         (C) Under the provisions of Section 7 the Executive is entitled to
receive a lump sum payment of three (3) years' salary at the annual salary
currently being paid at the time of the event and the cash bonus paid for the
most recent prior calendar year. The Holding Company's independent accountants
will determine if an excess payment (as defined in Section 4999 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1954, as amended (the "Code") exists after reductions permitted
pursuant to Section 280G (b) (4) of the Code (such excess parachute payment
after taking into account such reductions, if any, being hereafter referred to
as the "Excess Parachute Payment"). As soon as practicable after the Excess
Parachute Payment, if any, has been so determined, the Holding Company will pay
to the Executive, subject to applicable withholding requirements under state or
federal law.


<PAGE>

             (i) twenty (20%) percent of the Excess Parachute Payment, and

             (ii) such additional amount, if any (including Federal and State
             income and excise taxes applicable thereto) as may be necessary to
             compensate the Executive for the payment of state and federal
             income and excise taxes on the aforesaid payment, as outlined in
             Section C.

7. TERMINATION UPON DISABILITY

         (A) In the event that the Executive experiences a Disability during the
period of his employment, his salary shall continue at the same rate as was in
effect on the day of the occurrence of such Disability, reduced by an concurrent
disability benefit payments provided under disability insurance maintained by
the Holding Company. If such Disability continues for a period of six (6)
consecutive months, the Holding Company at its option may thereafter, upon
written notice to the Executive or his personal representative, terminate the
Executive's employment with no further notice.

8. OTHER TERMINATION BY THE HOLDING COMPANY

         (A) In the event the Executive's employment is terminated by the
Holding Company, other than for disability, death or Cause, and in the absence
of occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive will be entitled to payment
of the remaining term of this agreement or twelve (12) months salary, whichever
is greater, at the annual salary currently being paid with said payment to be a
lump sum payable within 30 days after termination.

<PAGE>

9. TERMINATION BY THE EXECUTIVE

         (A) In the event of the Executive's voluntary termination, the
Executive shall not have the right to receive compensation or benefits as
provided hereunder after such date of termination, except to the extent that
Executive may be legally entitled to participate by virtue of COBRA or any other
State or Federal Law concerning employee rights to benefits upon termination.

10. SOURCE OF PAYMENTS

         It is intended by the parties hereto that all payments provided in this
Agreement shall be paid in cash or checks from the general funds of the Bank, as
the case may be.

11. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

         This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument
in writing signed by the parties hereto.

12. NOTICES

         Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be sufficient if in writing and if sent by registered mail to his residence in
the case of the Executive or to its principal place of business in the case of
the Bank.

13. GOVERNING LAW

         This Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereto shall be
interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
New Jersey.

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

         This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties. It may
not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party
against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, modification, extension or
discharge is sought.


<PAGE>

         IN WITHNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto executed this Agreement
on the 31st day of January 2003.

ATTEST:                                    YARDVILLE NATIONAL BANCORP

/s/                                      /s/ Jay G. Destribats
------------------------------           ---------------------------------
                                                Jay G. Destribats
                                              Chairman of the Board


/s/                                      /s/ F. Kevin Tylus
------------------------------           ---------------------------------
                                            F. Kevin Tylus, Chairman
                                            Directors' Organization &
                                             Compensation Committee

WITNESS

/s/                                      /s/ Patrick M. Ryan
------------------------------           ---------------------------------
                                                   Patrick M. Ryan
                                                    the Executive





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
