<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>a2104492zex-10_8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.8

August 13, 2001


Mr. Basil L. Anderson
1140 Queens Rangers Lane
Westchester, PA 19382


Dear Basil:

It is with great pleasure that I confirm the details of our offer of employment
with Staples, Inc. I am confident that you will play an important role in
enabling us to meet the challenges of our fast growing company.

POSITION:         Vice Chairman

START DATE:       September 17, 2001

REPORTS TO:       Ronald L. Sargent


SALARY:           $550,000 annualized; 45,833.33 monthly

BONUS
ELIGIBILITY:      60% in accordance with Staples, Inc. Officer and Key
                  Management Plan, prorated based on this position level and
                  your employment during our 2001 Fiscal Year (2/4/01 - 2/2/02).

STOCK
OPTIONS:          Currently, your position is eligible for options to purchase
                  150,000 shares of Staples, Inc. stock under the terms of the
                  Amended and Restated 1992 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan).
                  Options will be granted on the first day of the month
                  following your date of hire, provided that you have signed and
                  returned a Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement, and
                  will be prorated based upon the number of months between your
                  hire date and next July. You will receive a grant package
                  mailed to your home address within two months following your
                  date of hire which explains the details of the plan, including
                  the vesting schedule.

                  Staples, Inc. options vest 25% at the end of the first year
                  following the date of grant and then equally on a monthly
                  basis over the next 36 months.
<Page>

PAGE 2 OF 3

                  You will be eligible for such future option grants as may be
                  determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. It is
                  the current intention of the Board of Directors to grant such
                  options annually to associates at your level although there
                  can be no assurance that such amount will not be reduced.

PARS:             Your position is currently eligible for 50,000 shares of
                  Staples Performance Accelerated Restricted Stock (PARS) under
                  our Equity Incentive Plan. The amount of your initial grant
                  will not be prorated based on your hire date. The PARS shall
                  vest at the end of five years, subject to accelerated vesting
                  dependent on the achievement of Staples performance targets.
                  The PARS will be evidenced by a separate agreement embodying
                  these terms. Your PARS grant for 2002 will be guaranteed at
                  50,000 shares.

                  You will be eligible for future PARS as may be determined from
                  time to time by the Board of Directors. It is the current
                  intention of the Board of Directors to grant 50,000 PARS
                  annually to executives of Staples at your level although there
                  can be no assurance that such amount will not be reduced or
                  eliminated in the future.

SIGN ON STOCK
OPTIONS:          You will receive an additional 350,000 Staples, Inc.
                  non-qualified stock options which will vest 25% at the end of
                  the first year following the date of grant and then equally on
                  a monthly basis over the next 36 months in accordance with
                  Staples, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan. The option price will be
                  set according to the closing share price on the first day of
                  the next calendar month after your date of hire.

DIRECTOR OPTIONS
AND PARS:         You will retain your existing Director Options and PARS.  As
                  of your date of hire, you will move to the employee plans for
                  options and PARS.

RELOCATION
EXPENSE:          You will be paid a one time miscellaneous relocation expense
                  payment of $150,000 as well as one year temporary housing
                  payments. Staples will also pay all travel expenses for your
                  spouse when she visits you in the Boston area for one year
                  from your hire date. Gross up will be provided for relocation
                  costs for tax purposes.

IDENTIFICATION
& EMPLOYMENT
ELIGIBILITY:      The Immigration and Naturalization Service requires that
                  Staples verify your identity and employment eligibility by
                  completing the INS 1-9 form at the start of employment. To
                  complete this form,
<Page>

Page 3 of 3

                  you are requires to have specific documentation. A list of
                  documentation options is attached.

NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT, PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL
AGREEMENT, SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS POLICY:

                  All associates at your level are required, as a condition of
                  employment, to sign the enclosed Non-Compete and
                  Non-Solicitation Agreement, Proprietary and Confidential
                  Agreement, Severance Agreement and Business Conduct & Ethics
                  Policy. Please bring signed documents with you on your first
                  day of work.

This offer in no way changes your at-will status which allows either you or
Staples, Inc. or a subsidiary to end the employment relationship at any time
with or without cause or notice.

I hope that you are as excited as I am about your decision. The time ahead
should prove to be mutually challenging and rewarding for you and our company.

Sincerely,



Ronald L. Sargent
President and Chief Operating Officer


Enclosures:

Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement
Proprietary & Confidential
Agreement and Business Conduct and Ethics Policy
Severance Agreement
Equity Incentive Plan Explanation
Lists of Acceptable Documents

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
