<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>xoma1011.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                                   Exhibit 10.11



                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



     This Employment Agreement ("Agreement"), made and effective this 26th day
of March, 2002, by and between XOMA (US) LLC ("XOMA" or the "Company"), a
Delaware limited liability company with its principal office at 2910 Seventh
Street, Berkeley, California, and Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D.,
("Executive"), an individual residing at 176 Edgewood, San Francisco,
California.

     WHEREAS, the Company wishes to enter into this Agreement to assure the
Company of the continued services of Executive; and

     WHEREAS, Executive is willing to enter into this Agreement and to continue
to serve in the employ of the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
provided;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained,
the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

     1. Employment. The Company agrees to continue to employ Executive, and
Executive agrees to continue to be employed by the Company, for the period
referred to in Section 3 hereof and upon the other terms and conditions herein
provided.

     2. Position and Responsibilities. The Company agrees to employ Executive in
the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific and Medical Officer,
and Executive agrees to serve as Chief Scientific and Medical Officer, for the
term and on the conditions hereinafter set forth. Executive agrees to perform
such services not inconsistent with his position as shall from time to time be
assigned to him by the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company (the "Chairman").

     3. Term and Duties.

     (a) Term of Employment. This Agreement shall become effective and the term
of employment pursuant to this Agreement shall commence on March 26, 2002 and
will continue until March 25, 2003, when it will terminate unless it is extended
by mutual written consent of Executive and the Company or unless Executive's
employment is terminated by the Company or he resigns from the Company's employ
as described herein.

     (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder Executive shall
serve the Company as its Chief Scientific and Medical Officer, and except for
illnesses, vacation periods and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall
devote all of his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the faithful
performance of his duties hereunder.


<PAGE>
                                      -2-


     So long as Executive is Senior Vice President and/or Chief Scientific and
Medical Officer of the Company, he will discharge all duties incidental to such
office and such further duties as may be reasonably assigned to him from time to
time by the Chairman.

     4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses.

     (a) Compensation. For all services rendered by Executive as Chief
Scientific and Medical Officer during his employment under this Agreement, the
Company shall pay Executive as compensation a salary at a rate of not less than
$340,000 per annum. All taxes and governmentally required withholding shall be
deducted in conformity with applicable laws.

     (b) Loan. In further consideration of Executive's agreement to the terms
hereof, the Company has agreed to a one year extension of a loan previously
provided to Executive in the principal amount of $117,606.17 (the "Loan") on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. On the date on which
Executive and the Company agreed that the Loan was to be funded (the "Loan
Date"), Executive executed a promissory note in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A evidencing the Loan and a pledge agreement in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit B granting to the Company a first priority security interest in all
of the outstanding Common Shares owned by Executive on the effective date of
this Agreement, whereupon the Company did lend to Executive the principal amount
of the Loan. The full amount of the Loan will be repaid by Executive as soon as
reasonably practicable and in any event no later than March 25, 2003, or on
demand following any earlier termination of or resignation by Executive.
Interest will accrue on the Loan at a rate of six percent (6%) per annum and
will be payable as and when the Loan is repaid.

     (c) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive
for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing
his obligations under this Agreement in a manner consistent with past Company
practice. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance
and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position
with the Company, adequate for the performance of his duties and consistent with
past Company practice.

     5. Participation in Benefit Plans. The payments provided in Section 4
hereof are in addition to benefits Executive is entitled to under any group
hospitalization, health, dental care, disability insurance, surety bond, death
benefit plan, travel and/or accident insurance, other allowance and/or executive
compensation plan, including, without limitation, any senior staff incentive
plan, capital accumulation and termination pay programs, restricted or
non-restricted share purchase plan, share option plan, retirement income or
pension plan or other present or future group employee benefit plan or program
of the Company for which key executives are or shall become eligible, and
Executive shall be eligible to receive during the period of his employment under
this Agreement, and during any subsequent period(s) for which he shall be
entitled to receive payment from the Company under paragraph 6(b) below, all
benefits and emoluments for which key executives are eligible under every such
plan or program to the extent permissible under the general terms and provisions
of such plans or programs and in accordance with the provisions thereof.


<PAGE>
                                      -3-


     6. Payments to Executive Upon Termination of Employment.

     (a) Termination. Upon the occurrence of an event of termination (as
hereinafter defined) during the period of Executive's employment under this
Agreement, the provisions of this paragraph 6(a) and paragraph 6(b) shall apply.
As used in this Agreement, an "event of termination" shall mean and include any
one or more of the following:

          (i) The termination by the Company of Executive's employment hereunder
     for any reason other than pursuant to paragraph 6(c); or

          (ii) Executive's resignation from the Company's employ, upon not less
     than thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

     (b) Continuation of Salary and Other Benefits. Upon the occurrence of an
event of termination under paragraph 6(a), the Company (i) shall, subject to the
provisions of Section 7 below, pay Executive, or in the event of his subsequent
death, his beneficiary or beneficiaries of his estate, as the case may be, as
severance pay or liquidated damages, or both, semi-monthly for a period of
twelve (12) months following the event of termination (the "Severance Payment
Period"), a sum equal to his current salary in effect at the time of the event
of termination, but in no case less than $340,000 per annum, (ii) shall continue
to provide the other benefits referred to in Section 5 hereof until the end of
the Severance Payment Period or until Executive becomes employed elsewhere,
whichever is earlier, and (iii) shall continue to provide the benefits provided
for in paragraph 4(c) to the extent of expenses incurred but not reimbursed
prior to the event of termination. Such payments shall commence on the last day
of the next regular pay period following the date of the event of termination,
or, at the election of the Company, may be paid in one lump sum or in such other
installments as may be mutually agreed between the Company and Executive or, in
the event of his subsequent death, his beneficiary or beneficiaries or legal
representative, as the case may be.

     (c) Other Termination of Employment. Notwithstanding paragraphs 6(a) and
(b) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if on or after the
date of this Agreement and prior to the end of the term hereof:

          (i) Executive has been convicted of any crime or offense constituting
     a felony under applicable law, including, without limitation, any act of
     dishonesty such as embezzlement, theft or larceny;

          (ii) Executive shall act or refrain from acting in respect of any of
     the duties and responsibilities which have been assigned to him in
     accordance with this Agreement and shall fail to desist from such action or
     inaction within ten (10) days (or such longer period of time, not exceeding
     ninety (90) days, as Executive shall in good faith and the exercise of
     reasonable efforts require to desist from such action or inaction) after
     Executive's receipt of notice from the Company of such action or inaction
     and the Board of Directors determines that such action or


<PAGE>
                                      -4-


     inaction constituted gross negligence or a willful act of malfeasance or
     misfeasance of Executive in respect of such duties; or

          (iii) Executive shall breach any material term of this Agreement and
     shall fail to correct such breach within ten (10) days (or such longer
     period of time, not exceeding ninety (90) days, as Executive shall in good
     faith and the exercise of reasonable efforts require to cure such breach)
     after Executive's receipt of notice from the Company of such breach;

then, and in each such case, the Company shall have the right to give notice of
termination of Employee's services hereunder as of a date (not earlier than
fourteen (14) days from such notice) to be specified in such notice and this
Agreement (other than the provisions of Section 7 hereof) shall terminate on
such date.

     7. Post-Termination Obligations. All payments and benefits to Executive
under this Agreement shall be subject to Executive's compliance with the
following provisions during the term of his employment and for the Severance
Payment Period:

     (a) Confidential Information and Competitive Conduct. Executive shall not,
to the detriment of the Company, disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person
any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company or
its affiliates or to any businesses operated by them, and Executive confirms
that such information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company.
Executive shall not otherwise act or conduct himself to the material detriment
of the Company or its affiliates, or in a manner which is inimical or contrary
to the interests thereof, and shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in,
enter the employ of or render any service to any person, firm or business in
direct competition with any part of the business being conducted by the Company;
provided, however, that Executive's ownership less than five percent (5%) of the
outstanding stock of a corporation shall not be itself be deemed to constitute
such competition. Executive recognizes that the possible restrictions on his
activities which may occur as a result of his performance of his obligations
under this paragraph 7(a) are required for the reasonable protection of the
Company and its investments. For purposes hereof, "direct competition" means the
pursuit of one or more of the same therapeutic or diagnostic indications
utilizing a substantially similar scientific basis.

     (b) Failure of Executive to Comply. If, for any reason other than death or
disability, Executive shall, without written consent of the Company, fail to
comply with the provisions of paragraph 7(a) above, his rights to any future
payments or other benefits hereunder shall terminate, and the Company's
obligations to make such payments and provide such benefits shall cease.

     (c) Remedies. Executive agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by the Company by reason of a breach of the
provisions of this Section 7 and hereby agrees to waive the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.


<PAGE>
                                      -5-


     8. Effect of Prior Agreements. This Agreement contains the entire
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes any prior employment
agreements between the Company and Executive.

     9. General Provisions.

     (a) Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to
the benefit of, Executive and the Company and their respective permitted
successors and assigns.

     (b) Legal Expenses. In the event that Executive incurs legal expenses in
contesting any provision of this Agreement and such contest results in a
determination that the Company has breached any of its obligations hereunder,
Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for such legal expenses.

     10. Successors and Assigns.

     (a) Assignment by the Company. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, unless
clearly inapplicable, reference herein to the Company shall be deemed to include
its successors and assigns.

     (b) Assignment by Executive. Executive may not assign this Agreement in
whole or in part.

     11. Modification and Waiver.

     (a) Amendment of Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended
except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

     (b) Waiver. No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
been waived except by written instrument of the party charged with such waiver.
No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically
stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term
or condition waived.

     12. Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement or any part
hereof is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any remaining part of
such provision or any other provision. If any court construes any provision of
this Agreement to be illegal, void or unenforceable because of the duration or
the area or matter covered thereby, such court shall reduce the duration, area
or matter of such provision, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then
be enforceable and shall be enforced.

     13. Governing Law. This Agreement has been executed and delivered in the
State of California, and its validity interpretation, performance, and
enforcement shall be governed by the laws of said State.


<PAGE>
                                      -6-


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, XOMA has caused this Agreement to be executed by its
duly authorized officer, and Executive has signed this Agreement, all as of the
day and year first above written.


                                XOMA (US) LLC


                                __________________________________
                                John L. Castello
                                Chairman of the Board, President
                                and Chief Executive Officer



                                ___________________________________
                                Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D.



<PAGE>


                                                                       Exhibit A
                                 PROMISSORY NOTE



$104,186.81                                                 Berkeley, California
                                                                October 21, 2002


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the "Obligor") hereby unconditionally
promises to pay to the order of XOMA Ltd., a Bermuda limited liability company
(the "Obligee"), the principal sum of ONE HUNDRED FOUR THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED
EIGHTY-SIX AND 81/100 DOLLARS ($104,186.81) (the "Principal Amount") together
with interest from the date hereof at a rate per annum of six percent (6%) on
the earlier of (a) five (5) days after the demand of the Obligee if the Obligor
ceases to be employed by the Obligee or (b) the 25th day of March, 2003. Said
principal sum, and/or any accrued interest, may be prepaid in whole or in part
without premium or penalty.

     1. It is hereby understood and agreed that if default be made in the
payment of the Principal Amount or of interest accrued and unpaid thereon, then
the Obligee may exercise any remedies available at law or in equity, including,
but not limited to, foreclosure upon the shares of Obligee's common stock which
have hereupon been pledged by the Obligor to the Obligee as security for the
Obligor's obligations hereunder pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, but shall not be
obligated to proceed first against such collateral and may proceed directly on
this Promissory Note. In the event of any such default, the Obligee shall be
entitled also to all costs of collection, including the reasonable fees of an
attorney. In the event the Obligee proceeds against the collateral and the
proceeds of the collateral are inadequate to pay any amounts due on this
Promissory Note, the Obligor shall remain liable for any deficiency. In
addition, and without limitation of any other provision of this Paragraph, in
the event of any default described above, the Obligor authorizes and requests
the Obligee to deduct and withhold from compensation otherwise payable by the
Obligee to the Obligor an amount equal to the defaulted payment of the Principal
Amount and/or of interest accrued and unpaid thereon; provided however, that the
Obligee may not so deduct more than fifty (50) percent of any payment of
compensation otherwise due the Obligor.

     2. If application shall be made for the appointment of a receiver, trustee
or liquidator of the Obligor or any of his property, or if the Obligor shall
make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, be adjudicated a
bankrupt or file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or seek reorganization of
any arrangement with creditors, the Obligee may declare this Promissory Note to
be due and payable, whereupon this Promissory Note shall forthwith become due
and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or notice of protest, notice
of dishonor, notice of nonpayment or any other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived.

     3. No delay or omission on the part of the Obligee in exercising any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right, nor
shall any delay, omission or


<PAGE>
                                      -2-


waiver on any one occasion be deemed a bar to or waiver of the same or any other
right on any future occasion.

     4. If any provision of this Promissory Note should be found to be invalid
or unenforceable, all other provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force
and effect. This Promissory Note and any of its terms may be changed, waived or
terminated only by a written instrument signed by the party against which
enforcement of that change, waiver or termination is sought. The rights and
obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted and
enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of California,
without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

     WITNESS the due execution hereof as of the date first above written.



                                     -----------------------------------------
                                     Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D.





<PAGE>


                                                                       Exhibit B

                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT

     PLEDGE AGREEMENT dated March 26, 2002, between Patrick J. Scannon, M.D.,
Ph.D. (the "Pledgor"), and XOMA Ltd., a Bermuda company with limited liability
(the "Pledgee").

     WHEREAS, the Pledgor is the owner of 78,874 shares (the "Pledged Shares")
of Common Stock, par value $0.0005 per share, issued by the Pledgee; and

     WHEREAS, the Pledgee has agreed to loan the Pledgee $117,606.17 in
connection with the certain liabilities related to the Pledged Shares (the
"Loan"), and the Pledgor has simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement
executed a Promissory Note (the "Note") evidencing such indebtedness;

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and in order to induce the
Pledgee to make the Loan, the Pledgor hereby agrees with the Pledgee as follows:

     1. Pledge. The Pledgor hereby pledges to the Pledgee, and grants to the
Pledgee a security interest in, the Pledged Shares and any and all proceeds
therefrom.

     2. Security for Obligations. This Agreement secures the payment of all
obligations of the Pledgor to the Pledgee now or hereafter existing pursuant to
the Loan and the Note, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or
otherwise (all such obligations of the Pledgor being the "Obligations").

     3. Delivery of Pledged Shares. All certificates or instruments representing
or evidencing the Pledged Shares shall be delivered to and held by or on behalf
of the Pledgee pursuant hereto and shall be in suitable form for transfer by
delivery, or shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or
assignment in blank, all in forms and substance satisfactory to the Pledgee. In
addition, the Pledgee shall have the right at any time to exchange certificates
or instruments representing or evidencing Pledged Shares for certificates or
instruments of smaller or larger denominations.

     4. Representations and Warranties. The Pledgor represents and warrants as
follows:


<PAGE>
                                       -2-


     (a) The Pledgor is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Shares
free and clear of any lien, security interest, option or other charge or
encumbrance except for the security interest created by this Agreement.

     (b) The pledge of the Pledged Shares pursuant to this Agreement creates a
valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Pledged Shares,
securing the payment of the Obligations.

     5. Further Assurances. The Pledgor agrees that at any time and from time to
time, at the expense of the Pledgor the Pledgor will promptly execute and
deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that
may be necessary or appropriate, or that the Pledgee may reasonably request, in
order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be g
ranted hereby or to enable the Pledgee to exercise and enforce its rights and
remedies hereunder with respect to any Pledged Shares.

     6. Voting Rights; Dividends; Etc. a) So long as no default exists under
the Note:

          (i) The Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and
     other consensual rights pertaining to the Pledged Shares.

          (ii) The Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all
     dividends in respect of the Pledged Shares, provided, however, that any and
     all dividends paid or payable other than in cash in respect of, and
     instruments and other property received, receivable or otherwise
     distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Shares, and any
     and all dividends and other distributions paid or payable in cash in
     respect of any Pledged Collateral in connection with a partial or total
     liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital,
     capital surplus or paid-in-surplus shall be delivered to the Pledgee to
     hold as collateral as if such were Pledged Shares (such Collateral,
     together with the Pledged Shares, the "Pledged Collateral") and shall, if
     received by the Pledgor, be received in trust for the benefit of the
     Pledgee, be segregated from the other property or funds of the Pledgor, and
     be forthwith delivered to the Pledgee as Pledged Collateral in the same for
     as so received (with any necessary indorsement).


<PAGE>
                                      -2-


          (b) Upon the occurrence of a default under the Note, all rights of the
     Pledgor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would
     otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section y(a)(i) and to
     receive the dividends which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and
     retain pursuant to Section (a)(ii) shall cease, and all such rights shall
     thereupon become vested in the Pledgee who shall thereupon have the sole
     right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights and to receive
     and hold as Pledged collateral such dividends, and all dividends which are
     received by the Pledgor contrary to the provisions of this Section (b)
     shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Pledgee, shall be
     segregated from other funds of the Pledgor and shall be forthwith paid over
     the Agent as Pledged Collateral in the same form as so received with any
     necessary indorsement).

     7. Pledgee Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Pledgor hereby irrevocably
appoints the Pledgee the Pledgor's attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the
place and stead of the Pledgor and in the name of the Pledgor or otherwise, from
time to time in the Pledgee's discretion, to take any action and to execute any
instrument which the Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, to receive, indorse
and collect all instruments made payable to the Pledgor representing any
dividend or other distribution in respect of the Pledge Shares and to give full
discharge for the same, when and to the extent permitted by this Agreement.

     8. Pledgee May Perform. If the Pledgor fails to perform any agreement
contained herein, the Pledgee may itself perform, or cause performance of, such
agreement, and the expenses of the Pledgee incurred in connection therewith
shall be payable by the Pledgor under Section 11.

     9. Reasonable Care. The Pledgee shall be deemed to have exercised
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Pledged Collateral in its
possession if such Pledged Collateral is accorded treatment substantially
equivalent to that which the Pledgee accords its own property, it being
understood that the Pledgee shall not have responsibility for taking any
necessary steps to preserve rights against any parties with respect to any of
the Pledged Collateral.

     10. Remedies upon Default. If any default under the Note shall have
occurred:


<PAGE>
                                       -3-


          (a) The Pledgee may exercise in respect of the Pledged Collateral, in
     addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise
     available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party on default
     under the Uniform Commercial Code (the "Code") in effect in the State of
     California at that time (in compliance with all applicable securities
     laws), and the Pledgee may also, without notice except as specified below,
     sell (in compliance with all applicable securities laws) the Pledged
     collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private
     sale, at any exchange, broker's board, for cash, on credit or for future
     delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the
     Pledgee may deem commercially reasonable. The Pledgor agrees that, to the
     extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten days' notice
     to the Pledgor of the time and place of any public sale or the time after
     which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable
     notification. The Pledgee shall not be obligated to make any sale of
     Pledged Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.

          (b) Any cash held by the Pledgee as Pledged Collateral and all cash
     proceeds received by the Pledgee in respect of any sale of, collection
     from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Pledged Collateral
     may, in the discretion of the Pledgee, be held by the Pledgee as collateral
     for, and/or then or at any time thereafter applied (after payment of any
     amounts payable to the Pledgee pursuant to Section 11) in whole or in part
     by the Pledgee against all or any part of the Obligations in such order as
     the Pledgee shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or cash proceeds held by
     the Pledgee and remaining after payment in full of all the Obligations
     shall be paid over the Pledgor or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to
     receive such surplus.

     11. Expenses. The Pledgor will upon demand pay to the Pledgee the amount of
any and all reasonable expenses, including the fees and expenses of its counsel
and of any agents, which the Pledgee may incur in connection with (i) the
custody of, or the sale or other realization upon, any of the Pledged
collateral, (ii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the
Pledgee, or (iii) the failure by the Pledgor to perform or observe any of the
provisions hereof.

     12. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Pledgee and security
interests hereunder, and all obligations of the Pledgor hereunder, shall be
absolute and unconditional.

     13. Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement nor consent to any departure by the Pledgor herefrom shall in any
event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Pledgee, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

     14. Addresses for Notices. Any notice or other communication to be given or
made to the Pledgee hereunder shall be sent or otherwise communicated to the
Pledgee at Xoma Corporation, Attention: Christopher Margolin, 2910 Seventh
Street, Berkeley, California 94170, telecopy (510) 649-7571 or such other
address and/or for such other attention as may be notified to the Pledgor in
accordance with this Section. Any notice or other communication to be given to
the Pledgor hereunder shall be sent or otherwise communicated to the Pledgor at
176 Edge-


<PAGE>
                                       -4-


wood, San Francisco, California 94117, or such other address and/or for such
other attention as may be notified to the Pledgee in accordance with this
Section. Any notice or other communication to be given or made pursuant to this
Agreement may be given or made personally or by registered first class mail or
by telecopier and shall be effective when actually received.

     15. Continuing Security Interest; Assignments. This Agreement shall create
a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and shall (i) remain in
full force and effect until payment in full of the Obligations and (ii) inure,
together with the rights and remedies of the Pledgee hereunder, to the benefit
of the Pledgee, and successors, transferees and assigns. Upon the payment in
full of the Obligations, the Pledgor shall be entitled to the return, upon its
request and at its expense, of such of the Pledged Collateral as shall not have
been sold or otherwise applied pursuant to the terms hereof.

     16. Governing Law; Terms. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except as required by
mandatory provisions of law and except to the extent that the validity or
perfection of the security interest hereunder, or remedies hereunder, in respect
of any particular Pledged Collateral are governed by the laws of a jurisdiction
other than the State of California. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms
defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code in the State of California
are used herein as therein defined.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first above written.


                                    -------------------------------------
                                    PATRICK J. SCANNON, M.D., Ph.D.

                                    XOMA Ltd.

                                    By
                                         --------------------------------
                                          John L. Castello
                                          Chairman of the Board, President
                                          and Chief Executive Officer





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
