<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>asa10kexhibit102_12-02.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2 REGIONS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                                  Regions Bank
                             BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT


Principal      Loan Date      Maturity        Loan No.     Call/Coll
$893,000.00    12/31/2002    12/31/2007     19817819001     590/6110

  Account       Officer     Initials
1981781-9001     1934

Borrower: ASA Aircraft LLC                     Lender:  Regions Bank
           RSR Aircraft LLC                    Tyler Aircraft Lending Department
           10 Speen Street                     100 East Ferguson
           Framingham, MA 01701                Tyler, TX  75702


 THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated December 31. 2002, are made and executed
 between ASA AIRCRAFT LLC and RSR AIRCRAFT LLC ("Borrower") and REGIONS BANK
 ("Lender") on the following terms and conditions. Borrower has received prior
 commercial loans from Lender or has applied to Lender for a commercial loan or
 loans or other financial accommodations, including those which may be described
 on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement ("Loan"). Borrower
 understands and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or extending any Loan,
 Lender is relying upon Borrower's representations, warranties, and agreements
 as set forth In this Agreement; (8) the granting. renewing, or extending of any
 Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject to Lender's We judgment and
 discretion; and (C) all such Loans shall be and remain subject to the terms and
 conditions of this Agreement.

 TERM. This Agreement shall be effective as of December 31, 2002, and shall
 continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrower's Loans in
 favor of Lender have been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs,
 expenses, attorneys' fees, and other fees and charges, or until such time as
 the parties may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.

 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. Lender's obligation to make the initial
 Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement shall be subject to
 the fulfillment to Lender's satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in
 this Agreement and in the Related Documents.

 Loan Documents. Borrower shall provide to Lender the following documents for
 the Loan: (1) the Note; (2) Security Agreements granting to Lender security
 interests in the Collateral; (3) financing statements and all other documents
 perfecting Lender's Security Interests; (4) evidence of insurance as required
 below; (5) guaranties; (6) together with all such Related Documents as Lender
 may require for the Loan; all in form and substance satisfactory to Lender and
 Lender's counsel.

 Borrower's Authorization. Borrower shall have provided in form and substance
 satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing the
 execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents.
 In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other resolutions,
 authorizations, documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may
 require.

 Payment of Fees and Expenses. Borrower shall have paid to Lender all fees,
 charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as specified in this
 Agreement or any Related Document.

 Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in
 this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or certificate
 delivered to Lender under this Agreement are true and correct.

 No Event of Default. There shall not exist at the time of any Advance a
 condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement or
 under any Related Document.

 MULTIPLE BORROWERS. This Agreement has been executed by multiple obligors who
 are referred to in this Agreement individually, collectively and
 interchangeably as "Borrower". Unless specifically stated to the contrary, the
 word "Borrower" as used in this Agreement, including without limitation all
 representations,

                                       1
<PAGE>
 warranties and covenants, shall include all Borrowers. Borrower understands and
 agrees that, with or without notice to any one Borrower, Lender may (A) make
 one or more additional secured or unsecured loans or otherwise extend
 additional credit with respect to any other Borrower; (B) with respect to any
 other Borrower alter, compromise, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise
 change one or more times the time for payment or other terms of any
 indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate of interest on the
 indebtedness; (C) exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate, fail or decide not to
 perfect, and release any security, with or without the substitution of new
 collateral; (D) release, substitute, agree not to sue, or deal with any one or
 more of Borrower's or any other Borrower's sureties, endorsers, or other
 guarantors on any terms or in any manner Borrower may choose; (E) determine
 how, when and what application of payments and credits shall be made on any
 indebtedness; (F) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale of
 any Collateral, including without limitation, any non-judicial sale permitted
 by the terms of the controlling security agreement or deed of trust, as Lender
 in its discretion may determine; (G) sell, transfer, assign or grant
 participations in all or any part of the Loan; (H) exercise or refrain from
 exercising any rights against Borrower or others, or otherwise act or refrain
 from acting; (I) settle or compromise any indebtedness; and (J) subordinate the
 payment of all or any part of any of Borrower's indebtedness to Lender to the
 payment of any liabilities which may be due Lender or others.

 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and warrants to Lender, as
 of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement of loan
 proceeds, as of the date of any renewal, extension or modification of any Loan,
 and at all times any Indebtedness exists:

 Organization. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC is a limited liability company which is, and at
 all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
 under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC is
 duly authorized to transact business in the State of Texas and all other states
 in which ASA AIRCRAFT LLC is doing business, having obtained all necessary
 filings, governmental licenses and approvals for each state in which ASA
 AIRCRAFT LLC is doing business. Specifically, ASA AIRCRAFT LLC is, and at all
 times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company in all
 states in which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect
 on its business or financial condition. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC has the full power and
 authority to own its properties and to transact the business in which it is
 presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC maintains
 an office at 10 SPEEN STREET, FRAMINGHAM, MA 01701. Unless ASA AIRCRAFT LLC has
 designated otherwise in writing, the principal office is the office at which
 ASA AIRCRAFT LLC keeps its books and records including its records concerning
 the Collateral. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC will notify Lender prior to any change in the
 location of ASA AIRCRAFT LLC's state of organization or any change in ASA
 AIRCRAFT LLC's name. ASA AIRCRAFT LLC shall do all things necessary to preserve
 and to keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and
 shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and
 decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable
 to ASA AIRCRAFT LLC and ASA AIRCRAFT LLC's business activities. RSR AIRCRAFT
 LLC is a limited liability company which is, and at all times shall be, duly
 organized, validly existing, and in good standing under and by virtue of the
 laws of the State of Delaware. RSR AIRCRAFT LLC is duly authorized to transact
 business in the State of Texas and all other states in which RSR AIRCRAFT LLC
 is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses
 and approvals for each state in which RSR AIRCRAFT LLC is doing business.
 Specifically, RSR AIRCRAFT LLC is, and at all times shall be, duly qualified as
 a foreign limited liability company in all states in which the failure to so
 qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or financial
 condition. RSR AIRCRAFT LLC has the full power and authority to own its
 properties and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or
 presently proposes to engage. RSR AIRCRAFT LLC maintains an office at 10 SPEEN
 STREET, FRAMINGHAM, MA 01701. Unless RSR AIRCRAFT LLC has designated otherwise
 in writing, the principal office is the office at which RSR AIRCRAFT LLC keeps
 its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral. RSR
 AIRCRAFT LLC will notify Lender prior to any change in the location of RSR
 AIRCRAFT LLC's state of organization or any change in RSR AIRCRAFT LLC's name.
 RSR AIRCRAFT LLC shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in full
 force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and shall comply with
 all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any
 governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable to RSR
 AIRCRAFT LLC and RSR AIRCRAFT LLC's business activities.

 Assumed Business Names. Borrower has filed or recorded all documents or filings
 required by law relating to all assumed business names used by Borrower.
 Excluding the name of Borrower, the following is a complete list of all assumed
 business names under which Borrower does business: None.

 Authorization. Borrower's execution, delivery, and performance of this
 Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by all
 necessary action by Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation
 of, or constitute a default under (1) any provision of RSR AIRCRAFT LLC's

                                       2
<PAGE>
 articles of organization or membership agreements, or any agreement or other
 instrument binding upon Borrower or (2) any law, governmental regulation, court
 decree, or order applicable to Borrower or to Borrower's properties.

 Financial Information. Each of Borrower's financial statements supplied to
 Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrower's financial condition as of the
 date of the statement, and there has been no material adverse change in
 Borrower's financial condition subsequent to the date of the most recent
 financial statement supplied to Lender. Borrower has no material contingent
 obligations except as disclosed in such financial statements.

 Legal Effect. This Agreement constitutes, and any instrument or agreement
 Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered will
 constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable
 against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

 Properties. Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as previously disclosed
 in Borrower's financial statements or in writing to Lender and as accepted by
 Lender, and except for property tax liens for taxes not presently due and
 payable, Borrower owns and has good title to all of Borrower's properties tree
 and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any security
 documents or financing statements relating to such properties. All of
 Borrower's properties are titled in Borrower's legal name, and Borrower has not
 used or filed a financing statement under any other name for at least the last
 five (5) years.

 Hazardous Substances. Except as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in
 writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period of
 Borrower's ownership of Borrower's Collateral, there has been no use,
 generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened
 release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any
 of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that
 there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) any
 use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or
 threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the
 Collateral by any prior owners or occupants of any of the Collateral; or (c)
 any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person
 relating to such matters. (3) Neither Borrower nor any tenant, contractor,
 agent or other authorized user of any of the Collateral shall use, generate,
 manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on,
 under, about or from any of the Collateral; and any such activity shall be
 conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws,
 regulations, and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental
 Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Collateral to
 make such inspections and tests, as Lender may deem appropriate to determine
 compliance of the Collateral with this section of the Agreement. Any
 inspections or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrower's expense and for
 Lender's purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility
 or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower or to any other person. The
 representations and warranties contained herein are based on Borrower's due
 diligence in investigating the Collateral for hazardous waste and Hazardous
 Substances. Borrower hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against
 Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower becomes liable for
 cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify and
 hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages,
 penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or
 suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Agreement or as a
 consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or
 threatened release of a hazardous waste or substance on the Collateral. The
 provisions of this section of the Agreement, including the obligation to
 indemnify, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the termination,
 expiration or satisfaction of this Agreement and shall not be affected by
 Lender's acquisition of any interest in any of the Collateral, whether by
 foreclosure or otherwise.

 Litigation and Claims. No litigation, claim, investigation, administrative
 proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against
 Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred which may
 materially adversely affect Borrower's financial condition or properties, other
 than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to
 and acknowledged by Lender in writing.

 Taxes. To the best of Borrower's knowledge, all of Borrower's tax returns and
 reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed, and all taxes,
 assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those
 presently being or to be contested by Borrower in good faith in the ordinary
 course of business and for which adequate reserves have been provided.

 Lien Priority. Unless otherwise previously disclosed to Lender in writing,
 Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements, or permitted
 the filing or attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting any of the
 Collateral directly or indirectly securing repayment of Borrower's Loan and
 Note, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to Lender's
 Security Interests and rights in and to such Collateral.

                                       3
<PAGE>
 Binding Effect. This Agreement, the Note, all Security Agreements (it any), and
 all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof, as well as upon
 their successors, representatives and assigns, and are legally enforceable in
 accordance with their respective terms.

 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that, so long
 as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will:

 Notices of Claims and Litigation. Promptly inform Lender in writing of (1) all
 material adverse changes in Borrower's financial condition, and (2) all
 existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative
 proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower or any Guarantor which could
 materially affect the financial condition of Borrower or the financial
 condition of any Guarantor.

 Financial Records. Maintain its books and records in accordance with GAAP,
 applied on a consistent basis, and permit Lender to examine and audit
 Borrower's books and records at all reasonable times.

 Financial Statements. Furnish Lender with the following:

 Annual Statements. As soon as available after the end of each fiscal year,
 Borrower's balance sheet and income statement for the year ended, prepared by
 Borrower in form satisfactory to Lender.

 Interim Statements. As soon as available after the end of each fiscal quarter,
 Borrower's balance sheet and profit and loss statement for the period ended,
 prepared by Borrower in form satisfactory to Lender.

 Tax Returns. As soon as available after the applicable filing date for the tax
 reporting period ended, Federal and other governmental tax returns, prepared by
 a tax professional satisfactory to Lender.

 All financial reports required to be provided under this Agreement shall be
 prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, and certified
 by Borrower as being true and correct.

 Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and statements, as
 Lender may request from time to time.

 Financial Covenants and Ratios. Comply with the following covenants and ratios:

 Except as provided above, all computations made to determine compliance with
 the requirements contained in this paragraph shall be made in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis, and
 certified by Borrower as being true and correct.

 Insurance. Maintain fire and other risk insurance, public liability insurance,
 and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to Borrower's
 properties and operations, in form, amounts, and coverages reasonably
 acceptable to Lender and by insurance companies authorized to transact business
 in Texas. BORROWER MAY FURNISH THE INSURANCE REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER
 THROUGH EXISTING POLICIES OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY BORROWER OR THROUGH EQUIVALENT
 COVERAGE FROM ANY INSURANCE COMPANY AUTHORIZED TO TRANSACT BUSINESS IN TEXAS.
 Borrower, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the
 policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including
 stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at
 least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also
 shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will
 not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Borrower or any
 other person. In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender
 holds or is offered a security interest for the Loans, Borrower will provide
 Lender with such lender's loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may
 require.

 Insurance Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports on each
 existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may reasonably
 request, including without limitation the following: (1) the name of the
 insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the
 properties insured; (5) the then current property values on the basis of which
 insurance has been obtained, and the manner of determining those values: and
 (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request of Lender
 (however not more often than annually), Borrower will have an independent
 appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the actual cash
 value or replacement cost of any Collateral. The cost of such appraisal shall
 be paid by Borrower.

                                       4
<PAGE>
 Guaranties. Prior to disbursement of any Loan proceeds, furnish executed
 guaranties of the Loans in favor of Lender, executed by the guarantors named
 below, on Lender's forms, and in the amounts and under the conditions set forth
 in those guaranties.

                   Names of Guarantors                      Amounts
                   -------------------                      -------
                   ROBERT S. RUSSELL                        $893,000.00
                   RUSCO STEEL COMPANY                      Unlimited
                   ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD.                   Unlimited

 Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other agreements,
 whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any other party and
 notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection with any
 other such agreements.

 Loan Proceeds. Use all Loan proceeds solely for Borrower's business operations,
 unless specifically consented to the contrary by Lender in writing.

 Taxes, Charges and Liens. Pay and discharge when due all of its indebtedness
 and obligations, including without limitation all assessments, taxes,
 governmental charges, levies and liens, of every kind and nature, imposed upon
 Borrower or its properties, income, or profits, prior to the date on which
 penalties would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a
 lien or charge upon any of Borrower's properties, income, or profits.

 Performance. Perform and comply, in a timely manner, with all terms,
 conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related
 Documents, and in all other instruments and agreements between Borrower and
 Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in
 connection with any agreement.

 Operations. Maintain executive and management personnel with substantially the
 same qualifications and experience as the present executive and management
 personnel; provide written notice to Lender of any change in executive and
 management personnel; conduct its business affairs in a reasonable and prudent
 manner.

 Environmental Studies. Promptly conduct and complete, at Borrower's expense,
 all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as may be requested by
 Lender or any governmental authority relative to any substance, or any waste or
 by-product of any substance defined as toxic or a hazardous substance under
 applicable federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation, order or directive,
 at or affecting any property or any facility owned, leased or used by Borrower.

 Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Comply with all laws, ordinances,
 and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental authorities
 applicable to the conduct of Borrower's properties, businesses and operations,
 and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral, including without limitation,
 the Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good faith any
 such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any
 proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has notified
 Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's sole opinion,
 Lender's interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may require
 Borrower to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to
 Lender, to protect Lender's interest.

 Inspection. Permit employees or agents of Lender at any reasonable time to
 inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrower's other
 properties and to examine or audit Borrower's books, accounts, and records and
 to make copies and memoranda of Borrower's books, accounts, and records. If
 Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including without
 limitation computer generated records and computer software programs for the
 generation of such records) in the possession of a third party, Borrower, upon
 request of Lender, shall notify such party to permit Lender free access to such
 records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender with copies of any
 records it may request, all at Borrower's expense.

 Compliance Certificates. Unless waived in writing by Lender, provide Lender at
 least annually, with a certificate executed by Borrower's chief financial
 officer, or other officer or person acceptable to Lender, certifying that the
 representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement are true and correct
 as of the date of the certificate and further certifying that, as of the date
 of the certificate, no Event of Default exists under this Agreement.

 Environmental Compliance and Reports. Borrower shall comply in all respects
 with any and all Environmental Laws; not cause or permit to exist, as a result
 of an intentional or, unintentional action or omission on Borrower's part or on
 the part of any third party, on property owned and/or occupied by Borrower, any

                                       5
<PAGE>
 environmental activity where damage may result to the environment, unless such
 environmental activity is pursuant to and in compliance with the conditions of
 a permit issued by the appropriate federal, state or local governmental
 authorities; shall furnish to Lender promptly and in any event within thirty
 (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of any notice, summons, lien, citation,
 directive, letter or other communication from any governmental agency or
 instrumentality concerning any intentional or unintentional action or omission
 on Borrower's part in connection with any environmental activity whether or not
 there is damage to the environment and/or other natural resources.

 Additional Assurances. Make, execute and deliver to Lender such promissory
 notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments, financing
 statements, instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its
 attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure the Loans and to
 perfect all Security Interests.

 LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would
 materially affect Lender's interest in the Collateral or if Borrower fails to
 comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including
 but not limited to Borrower's failure to discharge or pay when due any amounts
 Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related
 Documents, Lender on Borrower's behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take
 any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to
 discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and
 other claims, at any time levied or placed on any Collateral and paying all
 costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving any Collateral. All such
 expenditures paid by Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the
 Note rate from the date paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Borrower. To
 the extent permitted by applicable law, all such expenses will become a part of
 the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be
 added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with
 any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any
 applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be
 treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note's
 maturity.

 NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that while this
 Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent
 of Lender:

 Capital Expenditures. Make or contract to make capital expenditures, including
 leasehold improvements, in any fiscal year in excess of
 $_________________________or incur liability for rentals of property (including
 both real and personal property) in an amount which, together with capital
 expenditures, shall in any fiscal year exceed such sum.

 Continuity of Operations. (1) Engage in any business activities substantially
 different then those in which Borrower is presently engaged, (2) cease
 operations, liquidate, merge, transfer, acquire or consolidate with any other
 entity, change its name, dissolve or transfer or sell Collateral out of the
 ordinary course of business, or (3) make any distribution with respect to any
 capital account, whether by reduction of capital or otherwise.

 CESSATION OF ADVANCES. If Lender has made any commitment to make any Loan to
 Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement, Lender
 shall have no obligation to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds it:
 (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under the terms of this Agreement
 or any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that Borrower or any
 Guarantor has with Lender; (B) Borrower or any Guarantor dies, becomes
 incompetent or becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy or similar
 proceedings, or is adjudged a bankrupt; (C) there occurs a material adverse
 change in Borrower's financial condition, in the financial condition of any
 Guarantor, or in the value of any Collateral securing any Loan; or (D) any
 Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit, modify or revoke such
 Guarantor's guaranty of the Loan or any other loan with Lender; or (E) Lender
 in good faith deems itself insecure, even though no Event of Default shall have
 occurred.

 RIGHT OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a
 right of setoff in all Borrower's accounts with Lender (whether checking,
 savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Borrower holds
 jointly with someone else and all accounts Borrower may open in the future.
 However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts
 for which setoff would be prohibited by law. Borrower authorizes Lender, to the
 extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the
 Indebtedness against any and all such accounts, and, at Lender's option, to
 administratively freeze all such accounts to allow Lender to protect Lender's
 charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph.

 DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this
 Agreement:

 Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the Loan.

                                       6
<PAGE>
 Other Defaults. Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term,
 obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any of the
 Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation,
 covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and
 Borrower.

 Default in Favor of Third Parties. Borrower or any Grantor defaults under any
 loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement, or
 any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may
 materially affect any of Borrower's or any Grantor's property or Borrower's or
 any Grantor's ability to repay the Loans or perform their respective
 obligations under this Agreement or any of the Related Documents.

 False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished
 to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower's behalf under this Agreement or the
 Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or
 at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time
 thereafter.

 Death or Insolvency. The dissolution of Borrower (regardless of whether
 election to continue is made), any member withdraws from Borrower, or any other
 termination of Borrower's existence as a going business or the death of any
 member, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any part
 of Borrower's property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type
 of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy
 or insolvency laws by or against Borrower.

 Defective Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents
 ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
 document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time
 and for any reason.

 Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture
 proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
 other method by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against
 any collateral securing the Loan. This includes a garnishment of any of
 Borrower's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this
 Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower
 as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the
 creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written notice
 of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a
 surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined
 by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the
 dispute.

 Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to
 any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies or becomes
 incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any
 Guaranty of the Indebtedness. In the event of a death, Lender, at its option,
 may, but shall not be required to, permit the Guarantor's estate to assume
 unconditionally the obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner
 satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure any Event of Default.

 Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial
 condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance of the
 Loan is impaired.

 Insecurity. Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.

 Right to Cure. If any default, other than a default on Indebtedness, is curable
 and if Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, has not been given a notice of
 a similar default within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured (and
 no Event of Default will have occurred) if Borrower or Grantor, as the case may
 be, after receiving written notice from Lender demanding cure of such default:
 (1) cure the default within twenty (20) days; or (2) if the cure requires more
 than twenty (20) days, immediately initiate steps which Lender deems in
 Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
 continue and complete all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce
 compliance as soon as reasonably practical.

 EFFECT OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default shall occur, except
 where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents, all
 commitments and obligations of Lender under this Agreement or the Related
 Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate (including any
 obligation to make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lender's
 option, all Indebtedness immediately will become due and payable, all without
 notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of Default
 of the type described in the "Insolvency" subsection above, such acceleration
 shall be automatic and not optional. In addition, Lender shall have all the
 rights and remedies provided in the Related Documents or available at law, in
 equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of
 Lender's rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised

                                       7
<PAGE>
 singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not
 exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to
 take action to perform an obligation of Borrower or of any Grantor shall not
 affect Lender's right to declare a default and to exercise its rights and
 remedies.

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of
 this Agreement:

 Amendments. This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes
 the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set
 forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall
 be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought
 to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.

 Arbitration. Borrower and Lender agree that all disputes, claims and
 controversies between them whether individual, joint, or class in nature,
 arising from this Agreement or otherwise, including without limitation contract
 and tort disputes, shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules of the American
 Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim Is filed, upon request
 of either party. No act to take or dispose of any Collateral shall constitute a
 waiver of this arbitration agreement or be prohibited by this arbitration
 agreement. This includes, without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a
 temporary restraining order; invoking a power of sale under any deed of trust
 or mortgage; obtaining a writ of attachment or imposition of a receiver; or
 exercising any rights relating to personal property, including taking or
 disposing of such property with or without judicial process pursuant to Article
 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or controversies
 concerning the lawfulness or reasonableness of any act, or exercise of any
 right, concerning any Collateral, including any claim to rescind, reform, or
 otherwise modify any agreement relating to the Collateral should also be
 arbitrated, provided however that no arbitrator shall have the right or the
 power to enjoin or restrain any act of any Party. Judgment upon any award
 rendered by any arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
 Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude any party from seeking equitable
 relief from a court of competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations,
 estoppel, waiver, laches, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be
 applicable in an action brought by a party shall be applicable in any
 arbitration proceeding, and the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall
 be deemed the commencement of an action for these purposes. The Federal
 Arbitration Act shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and
 enforcement of this arbitration provision.

 Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender's
 costs and expenses, including Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and Lender's
 legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement.
 Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this Agreement, and
 Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and
 expenses include Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses whether
 or not there is a lawsuit, including Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and
 legal expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or
 vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated
 post-judgment collection services. Borrower also shall pay all court costs and
 such additional fees as may be directed by the court.

 Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience
 purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of
 this Agreement.

 Consent to Loan Participation. Borrower agrees and consents to Lender's sale or
 transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation interests in the
 Loan to one or more purchasers, whether related or unrelated to Lender. Lender
 may provide, without any limitation whatsoever, to any one or more purchasers,
 or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may have about
 Borrower or about any other matter relating to the Loan, and Borrower hereby
 waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect to such matters.
 Borrower additionally waives any and all notices of sale of participation
 interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such participation
 interests. Borrower also agrees that the purchasers of any such participation
 interests will be considered as the absolute owners of such interests in the
 Loan and will have all the rights granted under the participation agreement or
 agreements governing the sale of such participation interests. Borrower further
 waives all rights of offset or counterclaim that it may have now or later
 against Lender or against any purchaser of such a participation interest and,
 unconditionally agrees that either Lender or such purchaser may enforce
 Borrower's obligation under the Loan irrespective of the failure or insolvency
 of any holder of any interest in the Loan. Borrower further agrees that the
 purchaser of any such participation interests may enforce its interests
 irrespective of any personal claims or defenses that Borrower may have against
 Lender.

 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by construed and enforced in
 accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of Texas. This Agreement
 has been accepted by Lender in the State of Texas.

                                       8
<PAGE>
 Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower under this Agreement
 shall be joint and several, and all references to Borrower shall mean each and
 every Borrower. This means that each Borrower signing below is responsible for
 all obligations in this Agreement. Where any one or more of the parties is a
 corporation, partnership, limited liability company or similar entity, it is
 not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of any of the officers,
 directors, partners, members, or other agents acting or purporting to act on
 the entity's behalf, and any obligations made or created in reliance upon the
 professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed under this Agreement.

 No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under
 this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by Lender. No
 delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate
 as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision
 of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right
 otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other
 provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of
 dealing between Lender and Borrower, or between Lender and any Grantor, shall
 constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of any of Borrower's or any
 Grantor's obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of
 Lender is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender
 in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances
 where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or
 withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

 Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in
 writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received
 by telefacsimile unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a
 nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the
 United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage
 prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Agreement.
 Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving
 formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the
 notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes, Borrower

                                       9
<PAGE>
 Business loan agreement agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of
 Borrower's current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if
 there is more than one Borrower, any notice given by Lender to any Borrower is
 deemed to be notice given to all Borrowers.

 Payment of Interest and Fees. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
 Agreement or any provision of any Related Document, Borrower does not agree or
 intend to pay, and Lender does not agree or intend to charge, collect, take,
 reserve or receive (collectively referred to herein as "charge or collect"),
 any amount in the nature of interest or in the nature of a fee for the Loan
 which would in any way or event (including demand, prepayment, or acceleration)
 cause Lender to contract for, charge or collect more for the Loan then the
 maximum Lender would be permitted to charge or collect by any applicable
 federal or Texas state law. Any such excess interest or unauthorized fee will,
 instead of anything stated to the contrary, be applied first to reduce the
 unpaid principal balance of the Loan, and when the principal has been paid in
 full, be refunded to Borrower.

 Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
 Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any person or
 circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal,
 invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or circumstance. If feasible,
 the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal,
 valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so modified, it
 shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by
 law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of any provision of this
 Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
 other provision of this Agreement.

 Subsidiaries and Affiliates of Borrower. To the extent the context of any
 provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without limitation
 any representation, warranty or covenant, the word "Borrower" as used in this
 Agreement shall include all of Borrower's subsidiaries and affiliates.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing however, under no circumstances shall this
 Agreement be construed to require Lender to make any Loan or other financial
 accommodation to any of Borrower's subsidiaries or affiliates.

 Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements contained by or on behalf
 of Borrower shall bind Borrower's successors and assigns and shall inure to the
 benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. Borrower shall not, however,
 have the right to assign Borrower's rights under this Agreement or any interest
 therein, without the prior written consent of Lender.

 Survival of Representations and Warranties. Borrower understands and agrees
 that in making the Loan, Lender is relying on all representations, warranties,
 and covenants made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate or other
 instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender under this Agreement or the Related
 Documents. Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by
 Lender, all such representations, warranties and covenants will survive the
 making of the Loan and delivery to Lender of the Related Documents, shall be
 continuing in nature, and shall remain in full force and effect until such time
 as Borrower's Indebtedness shall be paid in full, or until this Agreement shall
 be terminated in the manner provided above, whichever is the last to occur.

 Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this
 Agreement.

 Waive Jury. All parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury
 trial in any action proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any party against
 any other party.

 DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following
 meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to the
 contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money
 of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular shall
 include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context
 may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have
 the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code.
 Accounting words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have
 the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement:

                                       10
<PAGE>
 Advance. The word "Advance" mean a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be
 made, to Borrower or on Borrower's behalf on a line of credit or multiple
 advance basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

 Agreement. The word "Agreement" means this Business Loan Agreement, as this
 Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time, together
 with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Business Loan Agreement from
 time to time.

 Borrower. The word "Borrower" means ASA AIRCRAFT LLC.

 Collateral. The word "Collateral" means all property and assets granted as
 collateral security for a Loan, whether real or personal property, whether
 granted directly or indirectly, whether granted now or in the future, and
 whether granted in the form of a security interest, mortgage, collateral
 mortgage, deed of trust, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage,
 collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factor's lien, equipment trust,
 conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention
 contract, lease or consignment intended as a security device, or any other
 security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or
 otherwise.

 Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state,
 federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the
 protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980,
 as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, at seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund
 Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the
 Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, at seq., the
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, at seq., or
 other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant
 thereto.

 Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" means any of the events of
 default set forth in this Agreement in the default section of this Agreement.

 GAAP. The word "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles.

 Grantor. The word "Grantor" means each and all of the persons or entities
 granting a Security Interest in any Collateral for the Loan, including without
 limitation all Borrowers granting such a Security Interest.

 Guarantor. The word "Guarantor" means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation
 party of any or all of the Loan.

 Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender,
 including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.

 Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that,
 because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical or infectious
 characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human
 health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of,
 generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The word "Hazardous
 Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include without
 limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as
 defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term 'Hazardous
 Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum
 by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

 Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by the
 Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with
 all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible
 under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.

 Lender. The word "Lender" means REGIONS BANK, its successors and assigns.

                                       11
<PAGE>
 Loan. The word "Loan" means any and all loans and financial accommodations from
 Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter existing, and however evidenced,
 including without limitation those loans and financial accommodations described
 herein or described on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement from
 time to time.

 Note. The word "Note" means the Note executed by ASA AIRCRAFT LLC and RSR
 AIRCRAFT LLC in the principal amount of $893,000.00 dated December 31, 2002,
 together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings
 of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the note or credit agreement.

 Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes,
 credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties,
 security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral
 mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or
 hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Loan.

 Security Agreement. The words "Security Agreement" mean and include without
 limitation any agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, understandings or
 other agreements, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise, evidencing,
 governing, representing, or creating a Security Interest.

 Security Interest. The words "Security Interest" mean, without limitation, any
 and all types of collateral security, present and future, whether in the form
 of a lien, charge, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust, security deed,
 assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage,
 chattel trust, factor's lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt,
 lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment intended as a security
 device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever whether created by
 law, contract, or otherwise.

 BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS BUSINESS LOAN
 AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IS
 DATED DECEMBER 31, 2002.

 BORROWER:

 ASA AIRCRAFT LLC

 ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD, Member of ASA AIRCRAFT LLC

 By: /s/ Terrence C. McCarthy, VP/Treas/Sec of ASA
         INTERNATIONAL LTD

 RSR AIRCRAFT LLC

 By: /s/ Robert S. Russell, Member of RSR AIRCRAFT LLC


 LENDER:

 REGIONS BANK

 By./s/ Regions Bank Authorized Signer


                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
