<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>asa10kexhibit103_12-02.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 REGIONS COMMERCIAL GUARANTY
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.3

                                  Regions Bank
                               COMMERCIAL GUARANTY


Principal         Loan Date      Maturity   Loan No.        Call/Coll
                                                          1 590/6110

Account  Officer     Initials
      1934

Borrower:         ASA Aircraft LLC             Lender:  Regions Bank
                  RSR Aircraft LLC             Tyler Aircraft Lending Department
                  10 Speen Street              100 East Ferguson
                  Framingham, MA 01701         Tyler, TX  75702


Guarantor:        ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD. (TIN: 02-0398205)
                  10 Speen Street
                  Framingham, Ma  01701

AMOUNT OF GUARANTY. This is a guaranty of payment of the Note, including without
limitation the principal Note amount of Eight Hundred Ninety-three Thousand &
00/100 Dollars ($893,000.00).

GUARANTY. For good and valuable consideration, ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD.
("Guarantor") absolutely and unconditionally guarantees and promises to pay to
REGIONS BANK ("Lender") or its order, in legal tender of the United States of
America, the Indebtedness (as that term is defined below) of ASA AIRCRAFT LLC
and RSR AIRCRAFT LLC ("Borrower"), or either or any of them, to Lender on the
terms and conditions set forth in this Guaranty.

MAXIMUM LIABILITY. The maximum liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall
not exceed at any one time the amount of the Indebtedness described herein, plus
all costs and expenses of (A) enforcement of this Guaranty and (B) collection
and sale of any collateral securing this Guaranty.

The above limitation on liability is not a restriction on the amount of the
Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender either in the aggregate or at any one time.
If Lender presently holds one or more guaranties, or hereafter receives
additional guaranties from Guarantor, Lender's rights under all guaranties shall
be cumulative. This Guaranty shall not (unless specifically provided below to
the contrary) affect or invalidate any such other guaranties. Guarantor's
liability will be Guarantor's aggregate liability under the terms of this
Guaranty and any such other unterminated guaranties.

INDEBTEDNESS GUARANTEED. The Indebtedness guaranteed by this Guaranty includes
the Note, including (a) all principal, (b) all interest, (c) all late charges,
(d) all loan fees and loan charges, and (e) all collection costs and expenses
relating to the Note or to any collateral for the Note. Collection costs
and-expenses include without limitation all of Lender's reasonable attorneys'
fees.

DURATION OF GUARANTY. This Guaranty will take effect when received by Lender
without the necessity of any acceptance by Lender, or any notice to Guarantor or
to Borrower, and will continue in full force until all Indebtedness shall have
been fully and finally paid and satisfied and all of Guarantor's other
obligations under this Guaranty shall have been performed in full. Release of
any other guarantor or termination of any other guaranty of the Indebtedness
shall not affect the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty. A revocation
Lender receives from any one or more Guarantors shall not affect the liability
of any remaining Guarantors under this Guaranty.

GUARANTOR'S AUTHORIZATION TO LENDER. Guarantor authorizes Lender, without notice
or demand and without lessening or otherwise affecting Guarantor's liability
under this Guaranty from time to time: (A) to make one or more additional
secured or unsecured loans to Borrower, to lease equipment or other goods to
Borrower, or otherwise to extend additional credit to Borrower; (B) to alter,
compromise, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the
time for payment or other terms of the Indebtedness or any part of the

                                       1
<PAGE>
Indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate of interest on the
Indebtedness; extensions may be repeated and may be for longer than the original
loan term; (C) to take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty or the
Indebtedness, and exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate, fail or decide not to
perfect, and release any such security, with or without the substitution of now
collateral; (D) to release, substitute, agree not to sue, or deal with any one
or more of Borrower's sureties, endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or
in any manner Lender may choose; (E) to determine how, when and what application
of payments and credits shall be made on the Indebtedness (F) to apply such
security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, including without
limitation, any nonjudicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling
security agreement or deed of trust, as Lender in its discretion may determine;
(G) to sell, transfer, assign or grant participations in all or any part of the
Indebtedness; and (H) to assign or transfer this Guaranty in whole or in part.

GUARANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Guarantor represents and warrants to
Lender that (A) no representations or agreements of any kind have been made to
Guarantor which would limit or qualify in any way the terms of this Guaranty;
(B) this Guaranty is executed at Borrower's request and not at the request of
Lender; (C) Guarantor has full power, right and authority to enter into this
Guaranty; (D) the provisions of this Guaranty do not conflict with or result in
a default under any agreement or other instrument binding upon Guarantor and do
not result in a violation of any law, regulation, court decree or order
applicable to Guarantor; (E) Guarantor has not and will not, without the prior
written consent of Lender, sell, lease, assign, encumber, hypothecate, transfer,
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Guarantor's assets, or any
interest therein; (F) upon Lender's request, Guarantor will provide to Lender
financial and credit information in form acceptable to Lender, and all such
financial information which currently has been, and all future financial
information which will be provided to Lender is and will be true and correct in
all material respects and fairly present Guarantor's financial condition as of
the dates the financial information Is provided: (G) no material adverse change
has occurred in Guarantor's financial condition since the date of the most
recent financial statements provided to Lender and no event has occurred which
may materially adversely affect Guarantor's financial condition; (H) no
litigation, claim, investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action
(including those for unpaid taxes) against Guarantor is pending or threatened;
(I) Lender has made no representation to Guarantor as to the creditworthiness of
Borrower; and (J) Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from
Borrower on a continuing basis information regarding Borrower's financial
condition. Guarantor agrees to keep adequately informed from such means of any
facts, events, or circumstances which might in any way affect Guarantor's risks
under this Guaranty, and Guarantor further agrees that, absent a request for
information, Lender shall have no obligation to disclose to Guarantor any
information or documents acquired by Lender in the course of its relationship
with Borrower.

GUARANTOR'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Guarantor agrees to furnish Lender with the
following:

Annual Statements. As soon as available, but in no event later than ninety (90)
days after the end of each fiscal year, Guarantor's balance sheet and income
statement for the year ended, prepared by Guarantor.

All financial reports required to be provided under this Guaranty shall be
prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, and certified
by Guarantor as being true and correct.

GUARANTOR'S WAIVERS. Except as prohibited by applicable law, Guarantor waives
any right to require Lender (A) to continue lending money or to extend other
credit to Borrower; (B) to make any presentment, protest, demand, or notice of
any kind, including notice of any nonpayment of the Indebtedness or of any
nonpayment related to any collateral, or notice of any action or nonaction on
the part of Borrower, Lender, any surety, endorser, or other guarantor in
connection with the Indebtedness or in connection with the creation of new or
additional loans or obligations; (C) to resort for payment or to proceed
directly or at once against any person, including Borrower or any other
guarantor; (D) to proceed directly against or exhaust any collateral held by
Lender from Borrower, any other guarantor, or any other person; (E) to give
notice of the terms, time, and place of any public or private sale of personal
property security held by Lender from Borrower or to comply with any other
applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code; (F) to pursue any other
remedy within Lender's power; or (G) to commit any act or omission of any kind,
or at any time, with respect to any matter whatsoever.

In addition to the waivers set forth herein, if now or hereafter Borrower is or
shall become insolvent and the Indebtedness shall not at all times until paid be
fully secured by collateral pledged by Borrower, Guarantor hereby forever waives
and gives up in favor of Lender and Borrower, and Lender's and Borrower's

                                       2
<PAGE>
respective successors, any claim or right to payment Guarantor may now have or
hereafter have or acquire against Borrower, by subrogation or otherwise, so that
at no time shall Guarantor be or become a "creditor" of Borrower within the
meaning of 11 U.S.C. section 547(b), or any successor provision of the Federal
bankruptcy laws.

Guarantor waives all rights of Guarantor under Chapter 34 of the Texas Business
and Commerce Code. Guarantor also waives any and all rights or defenses arising
by reason of (A) any "one action" or "anti-deficiency" law or any other law
which may prevent Lender from bringing any action, including a claim for
deficiency, against Guarantor, before or after Lender's commencement or
completion of any foreclosure action, either judicially or by exercise of a
power of sale; (B) any election of remedies by Lender which destroys or
otherwise adversely affects Guarantor's subrogation rights or Guarantor's rights
to proceed against Borrower for reimbursement, including without limitation, any
loss of rights Guarantor may suffer by reason of any law limiting, qualifying,
or discharging the Indebtedness: (C) any disability or other defense of
Borrower, of any other guarantor, or of any other person, or by reason of the
cessation of Borrower's liability from any cause whatsoever, other than payment
in full in legal tender, of the Indebtedness: (D) any right to claim discharge
of the Indebtedness on the basis of unjustified impairment of any collateral for
the Indebtedness; (E) any statute of limitations, if at any time any action or
suit brought by Lender against Guarantor is commenced, there is outstanding
Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender which is not barred by any applicable statute
of limitations; or (F) any defenses given to guarantors at law or in equity
other than actual payment and performance of the Indebtedness. If payment is
made by Borrower, whether voluntarily or otherwise, or by any third party, on
the Indebtedness and thereafter Lender is forced to remit the amount of that
payment to Borrower's trustee in bankruptcy or to any similar person under any
federal or state bankruptcy law or laws for the relief of debtors, the
Indebtedness shall be considered unpaid for the purpose of the enforcement of
this Guaranty.

Guarantor further waives and agrees not to assert or claim at any time any
deductions to the amount guaranteed under this Guaranty for any claim of setoff,
counterclaim, counter demand, recoupment or similar right, whether such claim,
demand or right may be asserted by the Borrower, the Guarantor, or both.

GUARANTOR'S UNDERSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO WAIVERS. Guarantor warrants and agrees
that each of the waivers set forth above is made with Guarantor's full knowledge
of its significance and consequences and that, under the circumstances, the
waivers are reasonable and not contrary to public policy or law. If any such
waiver is determined to be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such
waiver shall be effective only to the extent permitted by law or public policy.

RIGHT OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a
right of setoff in all Guarantor's accounts with Lender (whether checking,
savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Guarantor holds
jointly with someone else and all accounts Guarantor may open in the future.
However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts
for which setoff would be prohibited by law. Guarantor authorizes Lender, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, to hold these funds if there is a default,
and Lender may apply the funds in these accounts to pay what Guarantor owes
under the terms of this Guaranty.

SUBORDINATION OF BORROWER'S DEBTS TO GUARANTOR. Guarantor agrees that the
Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, whether now existing or hereafter created,
shall be superior to any claim that Guarantor may now have or hereafter acquire
against Borrower, whether or not Borrower becomes insolvent. Guarantor hereby
expressly subordinates any claim Guarantor may have against Borrower, upon any
account whatsoever, to any claim that Lender may now or hereafter have against
Borrower. In the event of insolvency and consequent liquidation of the assets of
Borrower, through bankruptcy, by an assignment for the benefit of creditors, by
voluntary liquidation, or otherwise, the assets of Borrower applicable to the
payment of the claims of both Lender and Guarantor shall be paid to Lender and
shall be first applied by Lender to the Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender.
Guarantor does hereby assign to Lender all claims which it may have or acquire
against Borrower or against any assignee or trustee in bankruptcy of Borrower;
provided however, that such assignment shall be effective only for the purpose
of assuring to Lender full payment in legal tender of the Indebtedness. If
Lender so requests, any notes or credit agreements now or hereafter evidencing
any debts or obligations of Borrower to Guarantor shall be marked with a legend
that the same are subject to this Guaranty and shall be delivered to Lender.
Guarantor agrees, and Lender is hereby authorized, in the name of Guarantor,
from time to time to execute and file financing statements and continuation
statements and to execute such other documents and to take such other actions as
Lender deems necessary or appropriate to perfect, preserve and enforce its
rights under this Guaranty.

                                       3
<PAGE>
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of
this Guaranty:

Amendments. This Guaranty, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the
entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set forth in
this Guaranty. No alteration of or amendment to this Guaranty shall be effective
unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged
or bound by the alteration or amendment.

Arbitration. Borrower and Guarantor and Lender agree that all disputes, claims
and controversies between them whether individual, joint, or class in nature,
arising from this Guaranty or otherwise, including without limitation contract
and tort disputes shall be arbitrated pursuant to the Rules of the American
Arbitration Association in effect at the time the claim is filed, upon request
of either party. No act to take or dispose of any Collateral shall constitute a
waiver of this arbitration agreement or be prohibited by this arbitration
agreement. This includes, without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a
temporary restraining order; invoking a power of sale under any deed of trust or
mortgage; obtaining a writ of attachment or imposition of a receiver, or
exercising any rights relating to personal property including taking or
disposing of such property with or without judicial process pursuant to Article
9 of the Uniform Commercial Code. Any disputes, claims, or controversies
concerning the lawfulness or reasonableness of any act, or exercise of any
right, concerning any Collateral including any claim to rescind, reform, or
otherwise modify any agreement relating to the Collateral, shall also be
arbitrated, provided however that no arbitrator shall have the right or the
power to enjoin or restrain any act of any party. Judgment upon any award
rendered by any arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
Nothing in this Guaranty shall preclude any party from seeking equitable relief
from a court of competent jurisdiction. The statute of limitations. estoppel,
waiver, laches, and similar doctrines which would otherwise be applicable in an
action brought by a party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding, and
the commencement of an arbitration proceeding shall be deemed the commencement
of an action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act shall apply to the
construction. interpretation, and enforcement of this arbitration provision.

Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. Guarantor agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender's
costs and expenses, including Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and Lender's
legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Guaranty.
Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this Guaranty, and Guarantor
shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include
Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a
lawsuit, including Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses for
bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay
or injunction1l, appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services.
Guarantor also shall pay all court costs and such additional fees as may be
directed by the court.

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Guaranty are for convenience purposes
only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of this
Guaranty.

Governing Law. This Guaranty will be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of Texas. This Guaranty
has been accepted by Lender in the State of Texas.

Integration. Guarantor further agrees that Guarantor has read and fully
understands the terms of this Guaranty; Guarantor has had the opportunity to be
advised by Guarantor's attorney with respect to this Guaranty; the Guaranty
fully reflects Guarantor's intentions and parol evidence is not required to
interpret the terms of this Guaranty. Guarantor hereby indemnifies and holds
Lender harmless from all losses, claims, damages, and costs (including Lender's
attorneys' fees) suffered or incurred by Lender as a result of any breach by
Guarantor of the warranties, representations and agreements of this paragraph.

Interpretation. In all cases where there is more than one Borrower or Guarantor,
then all words used in this Guaranty in the singular shall be deemed to have
been used in the plural where the context and construction so require; and where
there is more than one Borrower named in this Guaranty or when this Guaranty is
executed by more than one Guarantor, the words "Borrower" and "Guarantor
respectively shall mean all and any one or more of them. The words "Guarantor,"
"Borrower," and 'Lender" include the heirs, successors, assigns, and transferees
of each of them. If a court finds that any provision of this Guaranty is not
valid or should not be enforced, that fact by itself will not mean that the rest
of this Guaranty will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will enforce

                                       4
<PAGE>
the rest of the provisions of this Guaranty even if a provision of this Guaranty
may be found to be invalid or unenforceable. If any one or more of Borrower or
Guarantor are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, or
similar entities, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of
Borrower or Guarantor or of the officers, directors, partners, managers, or
other agents acting or purporting to act on their behalf, and any Loan
indebtedness made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such
powers shall be guaranteed under this Guaranty.

Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Guaranty shall be given in
writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received
by telefacsimile, (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a
nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the
United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage
prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Guaranty.
Any party may change its address for notices under this Guaranty by giving
formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the
notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes, Guarantor agrees
to keep Lender informed at all times of Guarantor's current address. Unless
otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Guarantor, any
notice given by Lender to any Guarantor is deemed to be notice given to all
Guarantors.

No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under
this Guaranty unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by Lender. No
delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as
a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of
this Guaranty shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender's right
otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision
of this Guaranty. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing between
Lender and Guarantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of
any of Guarantor's obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the
consent of Lender is required under this Guaranty, the granting of such consent
by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent
instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be
granted or withhold in the sole discretion of Lender.

Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Guaranty on
transfer of Guarantor's interest, this Guaranty shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns.

Waive Jury. Lender and Guarantor hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any
action proceeding or counterclaim brought by either Lender or Borrower against
the other.

DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following
meanings when used in this Guaranty. Unless specifically stated to the contrary,
all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the
United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular shall include the
plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require.
Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings
attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code:

Borrower. The word "Borrower" means ASA AIRCRAFT LLC and RSR AIRCRAFT LLC, and
all other persons and entities signing the Note in whatever capacity.

GAAP. The word "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles.

Guarantor. The word "Guarantor" means each and every person or entity signing
this Guaranty, including without limitation ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD.

Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender,
including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.

Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means Borrower's indebtedness to Lender as
more particularly described in this Guaranty.

Lender. The word "Lender" means REGIONS BANK, its successors and assigns.

                                       5
<PAGE>
Note. The word "Note" means the promissory note dated December 31, 2002, in the
principal amount of $893,000.00 from Borrower to Lender, together with all
renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations
of, and substitutions for the promissory note or agreement.

Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes,
credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties,
security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral
mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or
hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.

EACH UNDERSIGNED GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
GUARANTY AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS. IN ADDITION, EACH GUARANTOR UNDERSTANDS THAT
THIS GUARANTY IS EFFECTIVE UPON GUARANTOR'S EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS
GUARANTY TO LENDER AND THAT THE GUARANTY WILL CONTINUE UNTIL TERMINATED IN THE
MANNER SET FORTH IN THE SECTION TITLED "DURATION OF GUARANTY" NO FORMAL
ACCEPTANCE BY LENDER IS NECESSARY TO MAKE THIS GUARANTY EFFECTIVE. THIS GUARANTY
IS DATED DECEMBER 31, 2002.


GUARANTOR:

ASA INTERNATIONAL LTD.

By: /s/ Terrence C. McCarthy, VP/Treas/Sec of ASA International Ltd.

                                       6



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
