<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f8kex103_02132003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 SECOND AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3
                           SECOND AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     This SECOND  AMENDMENT  AND WAIVER (this "Second  Amendment"),  dated as of
January 24, 2003,  is entered into by Level 3  Communications,  Inc., a Delaware
corporation  ("Parent"),  Level  3  Communications,   LLC,  a  Delaware  limited
liability   company  and  an  indirect   wholly  owned   subsidiary   of  Parent
("Purchaser"),  Greenland  Managed  Services,  LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company  and an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  ("Managed  Services  LLC"),
Genuity  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation  ("Genuity"),  and the  subsidiaries  of
Genuity listed on the signature  pages hereto (each a "Seller" and together with
Genuity, including their successors, the "Sellers").

     WHEREAS, Sellers,  Purchaser and Parent have entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement,  dated as of November  27, 2002,  which was amended by an  Amendment,
Consent and Waiver  dated as of December  30, 2002 (the  "Purchase  Agreement"),
relating  to the  purchase  and sale of  certain  assets and the  assumption  of
certain liabilities relating to the Business;

     WHEREAS,  Sellers,  Parent and Purchaser desire to amend certain provisions
of, and certain Exhibits and Schedules to, the Purchase Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  Purchaser and Parent  desire to waive  certain  provisions of the
Purchase Agreement, and consent to certain deviations therefrom;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing  premises and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

     Section  1.  Definitions;   Section,   Exhibit  and  Schedule   References.
Capitalized  terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
specified in the Purchase Agreement,  as amended hereby.  Except where expressly
noted, references contained herein to Sections,  Exhibits and Schedules refer to
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of the Purchase Agreement.

     Section 2. Amendment to Preamble of Purchase Agreement. The Preamble to the
Purchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

          The phrase "Level 3 Communications,  LLC, a Delaware limited liability
     company and an indirect wholly owned  subsidiary of Parent  ("Purchaser")",
     is hereby amended and restated as follows: "Level 3 Communications,  LLC, a
     Delaware limited  liability company and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary
     of Parent ("Level 3 LLC") and Greenland Managed  Services,  LLC, a Delaware
     limited liability company and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
     ("Managed Services LLC" and, together with Level 3 LLC, "Purchaser")."

     Section 3. Amendment to Section 2.4(b). Clause (y) of Section 2.4(b)(ii) is
hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
<PAGE>

          "(y) the amount of any security  deposits made by Sellers with respect
     to Assumed Contracts or Assumed Leases as of the Assumption Date, except to
     the extent Sellers have received written or other reasonable  evidence that
     such security  deposit has not been credited on or before the date which is
     one hundred  twenty  (120) days after the  Closing  Date for the benefit of
     Purchaser by the relevant  counterparty  (which  written  evidence shall be
     deemed to have been  delivered  with respect to the  security  deposits set
     forth as the third and fourth  entries  on  Schedule  2.4(b)-4),  provided,
     however,  that with respect to each security  deposit,  the increase in the
     purchase  price  shall not exceed the amount of such  security  deposit set
     forth on Schedule 2.4(b)-4."

     Section 4.  Amendment of Section  11.1.  Section 11.1 is hereby  amended as
follows:

          The  phrase "No later than the later of  (x) five  (5) days  after the
     entry of the Sale  Order,  or  (y) forty-five  (45) days  after  receipt by
     Purchaser of the Business Employee Schedule," at the beginning of the first
     sentence of Section 11.1(b) is hereby amended and restated as follows:  "No
     later  than  seven (7) days  after the later of (a) entry of the Sale Order
     and (b) entry of the Settlement Agreement Order."

     Section 5. Amendment of Exhibit E. Exhibit E is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit E hereto.

     Section 6.  Amendment of Exhibit A. Exhibit A is hereby  amended to include
the following defined terms:

               (a) Clause (g) of the definition of "Purchased  Assets" is hereby
          amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

               "(g) all rights under all Assumed  Contracts and Assumed  Leases,
          including, without limitation: (i) any Seller's right to receive goods
          and services  pursuant to, such  agreements  and to assert  claims and
          take other rightful actions in respect of breaches, defaults and other
          violations of such Assumed  Contracts and Assumed  Leases and (ii) all
          security deposits with respect to Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases
          (in the case of any security deposit referred to on Schedule 2.4(b)-4,
          only to the  extent  there has been an  adjustment  to the Base  Price
          pursuant  to  Section  2.4(b)(ii)(y)  with  respect  to such  security
          deposit.)"

               (b) The  definition  of  "Excluded  Assets" is hereby  amended by
          adding the following new clause (n) at the end thereof:

               "(n) any security deposit referred to in Schedule 2.4(b)-4 to the
          extent there has not been an adjustment to the Base Price  pursuant to
          Section 2.4(b)(ii)(y)."

               (c)  "Level  3 LLC"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth in the
          Preamble hereto."

               (d)  "Managed  Services  LLC" shall have the meaning set forth in
          the Preamble hereto."
<PAGE>

     Section 7. Amendment of Certain Schedules.  The Customer Contracts Schedule
is hereby amended to delete, and Schedule 1.8 is hereby amended to include,  the
AOLTW Promotional Agreement.

     Section 8. Designation of Assignee.

          (a) Pursuant to Section  13.3(a),  Purchaser  hereby notifies  Sellers
     (and Sellers hereby  acknowledge) that Purchaser has assigned its rights to
     acquire  certain of the  Purchased  Assets,  and its  obligation  to assume
     certain Assumed Liabilities,  to Managed Services LLC. No less than one (1)
     Business Day prior to the  Closing,  Purchaser  shall notify  Sellers as to
     which  Purchased  Assets  are to be  assigned  and  conveyed  to, and which
     Assumed  Liabilities  are to be assumed by,  Purchaser and which  Purchased
     Assets are to be assigned and conveyed  to, and which  Assumed  Liabilities
     are to be assumed by,  Managed  Services.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,
     nothing  herein  shall be deemed to relieve  Parent or  Purchaser of any of
     their obligations under the Purchase Agreement.

          (b) By  executing  a  counterpart  of this Second  Amendment,  Managed
     Services  LLC  hereby  agrees  that it is a party to,  and is bound by, the
     Purchase Agreement and the Ancillary  Agreements for all purposes and shall
     be deemed to be a Purchaser thereunder.

     Section 9. Limitation on Consent.  This Second  Amendment is limited to the
express terms hereof,  and nothing herein shall be deemed to be an amendment to,
consent  with  respect  to, or waiver of, any other  provision  of the  Purchase
Agreement,  which shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent an action
would have in the absence of this Second Amendment  constituted a breach of both
a  provision  amended,  waived or deleted  hereby and another  provision  of the
Purchase  Agreement,  following  this Second  Amendment  such action would still
constitute a breach of such other provision.

     Section 10.  Miscellaneous.  All terms and provisions  contained in Article
XIII of the Purchase Agreement (other than  Sections 13.4,  13.5, 13.6 and 13.13
thereof),   including  all  related  definitions,  are  incorporated  herein  by
reference to the same extent as if expressly set forth herein.

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Sellers,  Purchaser  and  Parent  have  executed  and
delivered this Second  Amendment and Waiver as of the day and year first written
above.

LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, LLC

By:   /s/ Thomas Boasberg
      Name:
      Title:

LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By:   /s/ Thomas Boasberg
      Name:
      Title:

GREENLAND MANAGED SERVICES LLC

By:   /s/ Thomas Boasberg
      Name:
      Title:

GENUITY INC.

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL INC.

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL NETWORKS INC.

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:
<PAGE>

GENUITY SOLUTIONS INC.

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:

GENUITY TELECOM INC.

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:

GENUITY EMPLOYEE HOLDINGS LLC

By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:
      Title:


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
