<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>f8kex105_02132003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5 TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5
                          TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

     This TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of February
4, 2003,  is entered  into by and among  Genuity  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation
("Genuity"),  the  subsidiaries  of Genuity listed on the signature pages hereto
(each a "Seller" and together  with Genuity,  including  their  successors,  the
"Sellers");  and Level 3  Communications,  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability
company ("Level 3 LLC"), and Greenland Managed Services, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (and, together with Level 3 LLC, "Purchaser").

     WHEREAS, Sellers, Level 3 LLC and Level 3 Communications, Inc. have entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2002, as amended (the
"Purchase  Agreement"),  relating to the purchase and sale of the certain assets
and the assumption of certain liabilities relating to the Business;

     WHEREAS,  the Business uses certain  services  provided to Sellers by third
parties under contract to Sellers and Purchaser  desires to obtain the temporary
use of such services after the Closing for the purpose of enabling  Purchaser to
manage an orderly transition in its operation of the Business;

     WHEREAS, after the Closing,  Sellers will require for a limited time period
certain  administrative  services and  assistance  in  connection  with Sellers'
collection of Receivables and the wind-up of Sellers' business and affairs,  and
may  require  certain  Transition  Services  or similar  services  to the extent
necessary  to  enable  Sellers  to  provide,  for a limited  transition  period,
continued  service to certain of  Sellers'  customers  under  Excluded  Customer
Contracts;

     WHEREAS,  the  Purchase  Agreement  provides  that,  as a condition  to the
obligations of Sellers and Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement,  Sellers and Purchaser shall execute and deliver this
Agreement;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of which are  hereby  acknowledged,  the  parties  hereto  agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

     Capitalized  terms used but not  otherwise  defined  herein  shall have the
meanings specified in the Purchase Agreement.
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE II.

                   PROVISION OF TRANSITION SERVICES BY SELLER

     Section 2.1.  Transition  Services.  Sellers shall provide to Purchaser the
following goods and services  (together with the services  provided  pursuant to
Section 5.4, the "Transition Services"):

          (a) with respect to any Underlying  Service  Agreement or Undesignated
     Agreement,  the goods and  services  provided to Sellers (or which  Sellers
     have the  right to  obtain)  under  the  terms of such  Underlying  Service
     Agreement or  Undesignated  Agreement in connection with the Business as of
     the date of the Purchase Agreement during the period (the "Service Period")
     from the Closing Date until:

               (i)  with  respect  to  any  Underlying   Service   Agreement  or
          Undesignated Agreement that Purchaser elects to assume, the Assumption
          Date; and

               (ii)  with  respect  to  any  Underlying   Service  Agreement  or
          Undesignated  Agreement that Purchaser elects not to assume, the first
          date on which the  effectiveness of Sellers  rejecting such Underlying
          Service  Agreement or  Undesignated  Agreement  would not constitute a
          violation  of Section  2.11(b)  of the  Purchase  Agreement  (the "End
          Date").

          (b) such additional  goods and services from the Excluded Matters with
     respect to the conduct of the Business  after the Closing as Purchaser  may
     reasonably  request,  in a manner consistent with past practices of Sellers
     (the "Excluded Matters Services"). Purchaser shall pay Sellers' incremental
     costs incurred in the provision of the Excluded Matters Services.

     Section 2.2.  Pass  Through  Services.  The  Transition  Services  shall be
provided in substantially  the same manner and on  substantially  the same basis
(including as to policies,  procedures,  practices and  timeliness) as the goods
and services provided to Sellers under the Underlying Services  Agreements,  the
Undesignated  Agreements  and the  Excluded  Matters  are  provided  to Sellers.
Sellers shall be required to provide the Transition  Services only to the extent
and only at the locations and in the manner such goods and services are provided
to  Sellers   pursuant  to  the  applicable   Underlying   Service   Agreements,
Undesignated Agreements and Excluded Matters.

     Section  2.3.  Actions  with  Respect  to  Certain  Agreements.  Except  as
otherwise consented to in writing by Purchaser, which consent may be withheld or
granted in Purchaser's sole discretion, during the applicable Service Period:

          (a) With respect to each Underlying  Service Agreement or Undesignated
     Agreement  that either (i) expires upon the  conclusion  of its stated term
     prior to three months  following  the Election  Date and contains a renewal
     option,  (ii) that  contains a right of Sellers  which if timely  exercised
     will prevent  automatic  renewal of such
<PAGE>

     Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement and which right will
     expire prior to the three months  following the Election Date, then Sellers
     shall follow the written  direction of Purchaser with respect to whether to
     renew  or to  exercise  the  right to  prevent  automatic  renewal  of such
     Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement;  provided,  however
     that if Purchaser directs Sellers to renew an Underlying  Service Agreement
     or Undesignated Agreement, any consideration payable to the counterparty of
     such  Underlying  Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated  Agreement  and  all
     reasonable  out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and
     expenses) of Sellers payable to other third parties  incurred in connection
     with such renewal (or allowing such automatic  renewal) shall be borne and,
     promptly upon demand by Sellers, paid by Purchaser. Sellers shall not agree
     to pay any such  consideration  or incur  any such  out-of-pocket  expenses
     without the prior written consent of Purchaser;  provided, however, that if
     Purchaser  withholds  such consent,  Sellers shall not be obligated to take
     any action to renew  such  Underlying  Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated
     Agreement.

          (b) With respect to each Underlying  Service Agreement or Undesignated
     Agreement  that  expires  upon the  conclusion  of its stated term prior to
     three months  following  the  Election  Date and does not contain a renewal
     option,  Purchaser  shall  have  the  right,  in the name an on  behalf  of
     Sellers,  and at  Purchaser's  expense,  to seek to renew  such  Underlying
     Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement.

          (c)  Subject  to  Purchaser's   compliance  with  the  terms  of  this
     Agreement,  Sellers  shall  (i)  perform  in all  material  respects  their
     obligations  under  each  Underlying   Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated
     Agreement,  and (ii) not settle, release or forgive any claim or litigation
     or waive any right  thereunder;  provided  that Sellers  shall be deemed to
     have fully complied with clause (i) of this Section 2.3(c) (A) if Purchaser
     is  acting  as  Administrator  with  respect  to  such  Underlying  Service
     Agreement or  Undesignated  Agreement,  so long as Sellers  shall have made
     payments from the Designated  Account as directed by the  Administrator (as
     defined herein) pursuant to Section  3.1(b)(iii) and have not taken actions
     reserved to the Administrator  pursuant to Section 3.1(b), (B) if Purchaser
     is not acting as  Administrator  with  respect to such  Underlying  Service
     Agreement or Undesignated Agreement, so long as Sellers shall have complied
     with Section 3.1(c) with respect to such  Underlying  Service  Agreement or
     Undesignated  Agreement  and  (C) whether  or not  Purchaser  is  acting as
     Administrator   with  respect  to  such  Underlying  Service  Agreement  or
     Undesignated  Agreement, so long as Sellers shall have timely (1) delivered
     the reports required by Section 4.2(b),  and (2) forwarded to Purchaser all
     notices  received  by  Sellers  with  respect  to such  Underlying  Service
     Agreement or Undesignated Agreement.

          (d) If the term of any  Underlying  Service  Agreement  is  renewed in
     accordance  with this Section 2.3, but  Purchaser  does not elect to assume
     such  Underlying  Service  Agreement  pursuant  to  Section  2.9(a)  of the
     Purchase  Agreement,  then, in addition to any Rejection Claim with respect
     to any remaining term of such Underlying  Service  Agreement  (prior to the
     commencement  of the  renewal  term) at the time of the  rejection  of such
     Underlying  Service  Agreement in the  Bankruptcy  Cases,  any  incremental
     increase in the amount of the rejection  claim allowed under Section 365 of

<PAGE>

     the  Bankruptcy  Code relating to such  Underlying  Service  Agreement that
     results from such renewal shall be deemed to be a Rejection Claim.

     Section 2.4. No Violations of Law. Sellers shall not be required to provide
any Transition  Service to the extent that the  performance  of such  Transition
Service  would  require  Sellers  to  violate  any  applicable  laws,  rules  or
regulations. Sellers will give Purchaser prompt written notice of the occurrence
of any event  which  would  cause  Sellers  to curtail  or cease  providing  any
Transition Service pursuant to this Section 2.4.

     Section 2.5. Additional  Resources.  In providing the Transition  Services,
Sellers shall not be obligated to:

          (a) maintain the employment of any specific employee;

          (b) purchase, lease or license any additional equipment;

          (c) pay  any  costs  related  to the  conversion  or  transfer  of the
     Business' data to Purchaser or any alternate  supplier of services  similar
     to the Transition Services; or

          (d) with respect to any Underlying  Service  Agreement or Undesignated
     Agreement  as to which  Purchaser  has been  engaged  as  Administrator  in
     accordance  with Section  3.1(a) or as to which  Sellers are  following the
     direction  of  Purchaser  pursuant to Section  3.1(c) with  respect to such
     Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated  Agreement,  pay any amount to
     any  counterparty  to  an  Underlying  Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated
     Agreement  except as  directed  by the  Administrator  in  accordance  with
     Section 3.1(b)(iii) or (c).

     Section 2.6. Excluded Transition Services;  Limitations  Regarding Excluded
Matters Services.

          (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Sellers
     shall  not be  required  to  provide  legal,  regulatory  or tax  advice or
     counsel.

          (b)  Notwithstanding any term or provisions hereof to the contrary (i)
     Sellers obligation  hereunder with respect to the Excluded Matters Services
     shall  only be to use  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  provide  such
     services,  such  obligation  is solely  between  Sellers and  Purchaser and
     Sellers  shall  have no  Liability  for any claims by, or on behalf of, any
     customer of Parent or Purchaser  or their  respective  Affiliates  or other
     Person  arising out of or in  connection  with the provision of services by
     Parent,  Purchaser or their respective Affiliates to such customer or other
     Person which constitute a "pass through" of, or which otherwise  utilize or
     incorporate,  any  Excluded  Matters  Services  and  (ii)  nothing  in this
     Agreement  shall limit or restrict  Sellers'  ability or right to terminate
     any or all of the Excluded  Matters  Services or take any other action with
     respect  to  the  Excluded   Matters;   provided   that  Sellers  will  use
     commercially  reasonable efforts to notify Purchaser a reasonable period in
     advance of such  termination,  or of such disposition or other action which
     would result in the cessation of such  Excluded  Matters
<PAGE>

     Services, with a view to affording Purchaser the opportunity to timely make
     alternative service arrangements substantially consistent with the Excluded
     Matter Services.

     Section  2.7.  Certain  Obligations  of  Purchaser.  In  exchange  for  the
Transition Services:

          (a) Purchaser  shall make the payments at the times and in the amounts
     set forth in Article IV. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that any failure
     by the  Purchaser  to timely  make  payment to the  Designated  Account (as
     defined herein) of amounts due pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,  or
     of the  Administrator  to timely direct  payment of  outstanding  bills and
     invoices  from the  Designated  Account,  to enable  Sellers  to timely pay
     amounts which are due and payable under any  Underlying  Service  Agreement
     during  or in  respect  of the  applicable  Service  Period  or  under  any
     Undesignated  Agreement  during  or in  respect  of  the  period  from  the
     applicable  Obligation  Date (as defined  herein) to the  conclusion of the
     applicable Service Period,  shall constitute a Purchaser  Transition Breach
     with  respect  to  such  Underlying   Service   Agreement  or  Undesignated
     Agreement, as applicable.

          (b)  Purchaser  shall perform for the benefit of Sellers and the other
     party or parties  thereto (to the extent  performed by Sellers prior to the
     Closing Date and with the same care and skill with which Purchaser performs
     its own similar  contracts)  the  non-monetary  obligations  arising  under
     (i) each  Underlying  Service  Agreement  during  its  Service  Period  and
     (ii) each Undesignated Agreement from the date (the "Obligation Date") that
     is ten  (10)  Business  Days  after  both  (A) such  Contract  or  Lease is
     identified in writing as an Undesignated  Agreement and (B) a true, correct
     and complete copy of such Undesignated Agreement is delivered to Purchaser,
     until the conclusion of its Service Period.

     Section 2.8.  Changes.  The parties  acknowledge that to the extent changes
are made by the  counterparties to applicable  Underlying  Service Agreements or
Undesignated  Agreements in providing goods or services to Sellers thereunder in
accordance  with the terms  thereof,  Sellers  may make the same  changes in the
Transition  Services,  provided that Sellers shall provide  Purchaser with prior
written notice regarding such changes.

     Section 2.9. Consents. Sellers and Purchaser will reasonably cooperate with
each other in seeking to obtain all third party consents, licenses,  sublicenses
or  approvals  to the extent,  if any,  necessary  to permit or  facilitate  the
provision  of  Transition  Services  and  Contract  Administration  Services  as
provided herein;  provided,  however,  that Sellers shall not be required to pay
any amounts to any third  parties or to grant any  accommodation,  financial  or
otherwise,  to secure the same,  except to the extent  reimbursed  by Purchaser.
Sellers  shall  not agree to pay any such  amounts  without  the  prior  written
consent of Purchaser.

     Section 2.10.  Subcontractors.  Sellers may engage, at Sellers' expense,  a
subcontractor  to perform  all or any  portion  of  Sellers'  duties  under this
Agreement,  provided  that Sellers  shall remain  responsible  hereunder for the
performance of such subcontractor.
<PAGE>

     Section  2.11.  Audit  Assistance.  Sellers  shall  conduct  such audits as
Purchaser  requests of the  financial  statements  of the  Business  required in
connection  with  Purchaser's or its  Affiliates'  reporting  obligations  under
applicable Legal Requirements. Purchaser shall promptly pay Sellers' third party
costs incurred in connection with any such audit,  including without  limitation
all audit fees and expenses of independent  auditors retained in connection with
such audit.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement,  Sellers shall not
be required to conduct an audit on more than one occasion to the extent  Sellers
determine there is not a sufficient  number of Sellers'  employees to conduct an
additional  audit,  in which case Sellers shall make  available to Purchaser any
books and records held by Sellers and reasonably necessary for the audit.

                                  ARTICLE III.

                      PROVISION OF CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION
                         AND OTHER SERVICES BY PURCHASER

     Section 3.1. Contract Administration Services.

          (a) Subject to the continued  general oversight of Sellers and subject
     to Section 3.1(d),  Sellers hereby engage Purchaser (in such capacity,  the
     "Administrator") to exclusively manage the day-to-day administration of the
     Underlying  Service  Agreements and the Undesignated  Agreements during the
     applicable  Service Period,  in the name of and on behalf of the applicable
     Sellers (the "Contract Administration Services"), except to the extent that
     such engagement is prohibited by the terms of any such  Underlying  Service
     Agreement or Undesignated Agreement.

          (b) Without  limiting the  generality of the  foregoing,  the Contract
     Administration Services shall include:

               (i)  responding to all inquiries  from the  counterparty  to each
          Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement;

               (ii) analyzing and evaluating all bills and invoices with respect
          to each Underlying  Service  Agreement or  Undesignated  Agreement and
          determining the appropriate payment;

               (iii)  directing  payment of outstanding  bills and invoices from
          the Designated Account;

               (iv)  subject  to  Section  5.3,   resolving  disputes  with  the
          counterparties  to each Underlying  Service Agreement and Undesignated
          Agreement;

               (v) making and  accepting  new  orders,  or moves and  changes to
          existing services provided or received pursuant to Underlying  Service
          Agreements and Undesignated Agreements;

               (vi)  disconnecting   services  pursuant  to  Underlying  Service
          Agreements and Undesignated Agreements;
<PAGE>

               (vii) giving notices  pursuant to Underlying  Service  Agreements
          and Undesignated Agreements, including termination notices; and

               (viii)   all   other   matters   incident   to  the  day  to  day
          administration  of each Underlying  Service  Agreement or Undesignated
          Agreement.

          (c) To the extent  that the  Administrator  is not able to perform the
     Contract  Administrative  Services  by  virtue  of  the  provisions  of the
     Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement, then, Sellers shall
     perform the contract administration with respect to such Underlying Service
     Agreement or Undesignated Agreement;  provided, however, that before taking
     any action  specified in  Section 3.1(b),  Sellers shall consult with,  and
     follow the directions of Purchaser with respect to such actions.

          (d)  Notwithstanding  the foregoing  provisions of this Section 3.1 or
     any other term or provision of this  Agreement  (other than Section 2.3) or
     the  Purchase  Agreement,  without the  express  prior  written  consent of
     Sellers,  Purchaser,  in its capacity as Administrator or otherwise,  shall
     not take any action which would, directly or indirectly,  modify,  increase
     Sellers' financial or other obligations under, or terminate, any Underlying
     Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated  Agreement  (or any  circuits or other
     services  thereunder)  unless the Assumption Date has occurred with respect
     to  such  Underlying  Service  Agreement  or  Undesignated   Agreement,  as
     applicable.

     Section 3.2.  Collection of Receivables  and Other Wind-Up  Activities.  In
addition to and without limitation of Purchaser's obligations under Article VIII
of the  Purchase  Agreement,  from  and  after  the  Closing  Date  through  the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1 (such period, the "Wind-Up
Period"):

          (a) Purchaser shall allow Sellers to occupy and use contiguous  office
     space on the same floor in the Building designated by Purchaser (so long as
     Purchaser or any  Affiliate of Purchaser  owns the Building or leases space
     therein) reasonably  necessary to accommodate  Sellers' employees in Woburn
     and  consistent  with  Sellers'  past office  space  allocation  practices.
     Purchaser  upon  reasonable  notice and at its  expense  may move  Sellers'
     employees to other space in the Building  consistent  with the criteria set
     forth in the immediately preceding sentence.  Purchaser shall allow Sellers
     to occupy and use the space in the locations  set forth on Schedule  3.2(a)
     designated  by Purchaser (so long as Purchaser or an Affiliate of Purchaser
     owns such locations or leases space  therein),  provided that Sellers shall
     reimburse  Purchaser for any  incremental  cost or expense  associated with
     Sellers' occupancy of such space and shall hold Purchaser harmless from any
     Damages  arising out of or  resulting  from such  occupancy;  and  provided
     further  that if Purchaser or any  Affiliate  of  Purchaser  transfers  the
     Building or such other  locations or surrenders  occupancy  thereof (in the
     case of leased  property),  as  applicable,  to a Third  Party and  neither
     Purchaser nor an Affiliate of Purchaser  thereafter  leases space  therein,
     Purchaser  shall,  in  connection  with such  transfer or  surrender of the
     Building or such other locations,  as applicable,  make a request that such
     Third Party allow  Sellers to occupy and use such amount of office space in
     the Building or such other  locations,  as  applicable,  during the Wind-Up
     Period on such terms as Sellers and such Third Party may agree.
<PAGE>

          (b)  Purchaser  shall make  available  to  Sellers  for use in Wind-Up
     Activities (as defined in Section 5.4 hereof) office furniture, phones, and
     other relevant items of Personal Property acquired by Purchaser pursuant to
     the Purchase  Agreement in  connection  with  Sellers' use and occupancy of
     office space as  described  in Section  3.2(a) (so long as Purchaser or any
     Affiliate of Purchaser  owns the Building or other  locations  set forth in
     Exhibit  3.2(a)  or leases  space  therein).  During  the  Wind-Up  Period,
     Sellers'  employees shall retain the use of personal computers used by them
     prior to the Closing;  such personal  computers shall constitute  Purchased
     Assets,  and shall be returned to  Purchaser  upon the  termination  of the
     respective  employee's  employment with Sellers and their  successors.  All
     information  and data  contained  on such  personal  computers  that  would
     otherwise   constitute   Purchased  Assets  shall  continue  to  constitute
     Purchased  Assets and shall be subject to the same  protection as all other
     proprietary  information  of  Purchaser,   including,  without  limitation,
     Section 5.2 of this Agreement.

          (c) Purchaser shall reasonably  cooperate with Sellers in implementing
     or continuing  invoicing,  tracking and collection  systems with respect to
     the Receivables to extent reasonably  requested by Sellers solely to enable
     Sellers  to  diligently  seek to  collect  Receivables  outstanding  on the
     Closing Date.  Sellers shall not be  responsible  for paying any charges or
     costs in respect of such  services  (other  than  incremental  third  party
     costs).

          (d) Purchaser  shall,  on Sellers'  behalf,  examine and verify,  in a
     manner  consistent  with such  examination  and  verification  prior to the
     Closing,  Sellers' circuit invoices.  Purchaser shall provide documentation
     and  reasonable  access to its  personnel  to allow  Sellers to monitor and
     audit Purchaser's performance of such examination and verification. Sellers
     shall reimburse  Purchaser for its incremental costs incurred in performing
     such examination and verification.

          (e) Purchaser  shall operate,  support and maintain a new email domain
     for Sellers' use following the Closing.  Purchaser  shall use  commercially
     reasonable  efforts to undertake  reasonable backups and security measures,
     such that only Sellers'  authorized users have access to the information in
     such system.  Purchaser  shall operate the domain on a server used only for
     this  purpose.  Sellers  shall be  responsible  for both (i)  licensing the
     necessary  software  (including  email server  software,  operating  system
     software  and  backup  software)  and (ii)  Purchaser's  incremental  costs
     associated with the operation, support and maintenance of such domain.

          (f) With respect to Excluded Customer  Contracts,  during the Excluded
     Customer  Contract  Period (as  defined in Section  3.3  below),  Purchaser
     shall: (i) grant to Sellers' read-only access to the Arbor system,  Circuit
     Tracking  System  (CTS),  Magma  system,  TBS system and the other  systems
     listed on  Schedule  5.4(b)  (the  "Schedule  5.4(b)  Systems");  (ii) with
     respect to such systems (other than the Schedule 5.4(b)  Systems),  gather,
     input,  process  and  update  usage  data in a manner  consistent  with the
     Sellers'  historical  practice,  (iii)  provide  Sellers with soft and hard
     copies of data extracts  equivalent to Cost of Access (COA) from equivalent
     systems of  Purchaser,  and (iv) assist  Sellers in the  generation  of the
     final invoice.  Such services shall be deemed to be Extension  Services for
     purpose of Section  3.3(a).  Except as set forth in  Section  3.3,
<PAGE>

     Sellers shall not be responsible for paying any charges or costs in respect
     of such services (other than incremental third party costs).

          (g) With respect to Contracts for Circuit Service that are not Assumed
     Contracts,  Purchaser shall: (i) grant to Sellers'  read-only access to the
     Circuit  Tracking System (CTS),  Magma system,  TBS system and the Schedule
     5.4(b)  Systems;  (ii) with  respect to such systems  (other than  Schedule
     5.4(b) Systems), gather, input, process and update circuit status data in a
     manner consistent with the Sellers' historical practice,  and (iii) provide
     Sellers with soft and hard copies of data  extracts  equivalent  to Cost of
     Access (COA) from equivalent  systems of Purchaser.  Except as set forth in
     Section 5.4,  Sellers  shall not be  responsible  for paying any charges or
     costs in respect of such  services  (other  than  incremental  third  party
     costs).

          (h) Purchaser shall provide to Sellers such  additional  services from
     the  Purchased  Assets  and the  Transition  Services  (in the  case of the
     Transition  Services  only  to the  extent  such  Transition  Services  are
     provided to Purchaser) in connection with Wind-Up Activities as Sellers may
     reasonably  request, in a manner consistent with past practices of Sellers.
     Sellers shall pay Purchaser's  incremental  costs incurred in the provision
     of such additional services.

     Section 3.3. Services Under Excluded Customer Contracts.

          (a) Purchaser  shall use  commercially  reasonable  efforts to use the
     Purchased Assets and the Transition Services (in the case of the Transition
     Services  only to the extent  such  Transition  Services  are  provided  to
     Purchaser) to provide to Sellers such services (the  "Extension  Services")
     as are  necessary  for  Sellers  to provide  services  to  customers  under
     Excluded Customer Contracts  ("Excluded Customer Contract  Services").  The
     obligation to provide the Extension  Services is solely  between  Purchaser
     and Sellers  and,  without  limitation  of Section  2.5(d) of the  Purchase
     Agreement,  Purchaser  shall  have no  Liability  for any  claims by, or on
     behalf of, any counterparty to an Excluded Customer Contract arising out of
     any Excluded  Customer  Contract  Services;  without  limitation of Section
     2.5(d) of the Purchase  Agreement,  any and all such claims shall be deemed
     to be Excluded Liabilities.

          (b) Subject to the  provisions  of this Section 3.3,  Purchaser  shall
     provide the Extension Services for so long as requested by Sellers, for the
     period (the "Excluded  Customer  Contract Period") up to the date, (i) with
     respect to each Excluded  Customer  Contract,  that is the later of (A) the
     thirtieth day after the Closing, and (B) such time as Sellers are no longer
     required  pursuant to any applicable Legal  Requirement  (other than solely
     the  Bankruptcy  Code, as applied to the  Bankruptcy  Cases) to provide the
     Excluded Customer Contract Services to such customer,  or (ii) with respect
     to each Excluded Customer Contract relating to voice termination  services,
     such time as is the earliest  date that Sellers may,  under any  applicable
     Legal Requirement, reject such Excluded Customer Contract in the Bankruptcy
     Cases.

          (c) With respect to any Excluded Customer Contract,  Sellers shall pay
     Purchaser  for the  Extension  Services  an  amount  equal  to the  monthly
     recurring  charges
<PAGE>

     (appropriately pro rated for the period during which Extension Services are
     provided  in  respect  of  such  Excluded  Customer  Contract)  payable  by
     customers receiving the Excluded Customer Contract Services (as provided in
     the applicable  Excluded Customer  Contracts and without regard for whether
     such charges are invoiced by Sellers or paid by customers).

          (d) Nothing in this  Section  3.3 shall limit or restrict  Purchaser's
     ability  or right to  terminate  any or all of the  Extension  Services  to
     Sellers,  to dispose of or alter any or all of the Purchased Assets or take
     any other action with respect to its business; provided that Purchaser will
     notify Sellers a reasonable  period in advance of such  termination,  or of
     such  disposition  or other action  which would result in the  cessation of
     such Extension  Services,  with a view to affording Sellers the opportunity
     to timely make alternative service  arrangements  substantially  consistent
     with those contemplated by this Section 3.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
     Sellers  acknowledge  that  Purchaser's  obligation  to  provide  Extension
     Services pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall terminate without notice on the
     Election Date.

     Section  3.4.  Limitation  on Purchaser  Obligations.  The  obligations  of
Purchaser under Sections 3.2, 3.3 and 5.4 (the "Purchaser Services") are subject
to the following additional limitations:

          (a) Purchaser shall not be required to take any action in violation of
     applicable  Legal  Requirement.  Purchaser will give Sellers prompt written
     notice of the  occurrence  of any event  which  would  cause  Purchaser  to
     curtail or cease providing any Purchaser  Services pursuant to this Section
     3.4(a).

          (b) In  providing  the  Purchaser  Services,  Purchaser  shall  not be
     obligated to: (i) maintain the employment of any specific employee; or (ii)
     purchase,  lease or license any  additional  equipment the cost of which is
     not reimbursed by Sellers.

          (c) The Purchaser Services shall not include any legal,  regulatory or
     tax advice or counsel.

          (d) The parties acknowledge that to the extent changes are made by the
     counterparties  to  applicable  Assumed  Contracts  or  Assumed  Leases  in
     providing goods or services to Purchaser  thereunder in accordance with the
     terms  thereof,  Purchaser  may  make  the same  changes  in the  Purchaser
     Services,  provided that Purchaser shall provide Sellers with prior written
     notice regarding such changes.

          (e) Sellers and Purchaser will reasonably cooperate with each other in
     seeking  to obtain  all third  party  consents,  licenses,  sublicenses  or
     approvals  to the extent,  if any,  necessary to permit or  facilitate  the
     provision of Purchaser Services as provided herein; provided, however, that
     Purchaser  shall not be required to pay any amounts to any third parties or
     to grant any  accommodation,  financial or  otherwise,  to secure the same,
     except to the extent  reimbursed by Sellers.  Purchaser  shall not agree to
     pay any such amounts without the prior written consent of Sellers.
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE IV.

                          PRICING, BILLING AND PAYMENT

     Section 4.1. Payments.

          (a) Purchaser shall pay for the Transition Services as follows:

               (i)  Purchaser  shall pay  Sellers for amounts due and payable by
          Sellers under each Underlying  Service  Agreement during or in respect
          of the applicable  Service Period, as determined by Administrator (any
          prepayments  by Sellers of amounts  due under any  Underlying  Service
          Agreement  or  Undesignated  Agreement  shall not  reduce  Purchaser's
          obligations hereunder); and

               (ii)  Purchaser  shall pay Sellers for amounts due and payable by
          Sellers under each Undesignated  Agreement during or in respect of the
          period from the  applicable  Obligation  Date to the conclusion of the
          applicable   Service  Period,  as  determined  by  Administrator  (any
          prepayments  by Sellers of amounts  due under any  Underlying  Service
          Agreement  or  Undesignated  Agreement  shall not  reduce  Purchaser's
          obligations hereunder).

          (b) In addition to the foregoing,  for each calendar month between the
     date of this  Agreement  and the  last End  Date,  Purchaser  shall  pay to
     Sellers $50,000 as a fee for the provision of the Transition Services, such
     amount to be pro rated for any portion of a month in which the date of this
     Agreement and such last End Date occurs.

     Section 4.2. Payment.

          (a) Purchaser  shall make the payments  required by Section  4.1(a)(i)
     and Section 4.1(a)(ii) by wire transfer in immediately available funds to a
     deposit  account  designated  by Sellers  that shall,  except as  otherwise
     provided in this Section 4.2(a),  be dedicated  solely to holding funds for
     the  payment  of  amounts  due  under  Underlying  Service  Agreements  and
     Undesignated  Agreements (the "Designated  Account").  Purchaser shall make
     such payments to the Dedicated  Account on a weekly basis,  with the amount
     of each  weekly  payment  being the amount  reasonably  expected  to enable
     Sellers to make the payments due under the  Underlying  Service  Agreements
     and Undesignated  Agreements during the following week;  provided that such
     weekly  payments shall be calculated as if any prepayments by Sellers under
     an Underlying  Service  Agreement or Undesignated  Agreement (to the extent
     such  prepayments are not required to be maintained under the terms of such
     Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated  Agreement) had not been made,
     and  Sellers  shall be entitled to  withdraw  from the  Designated  Account
     amounts  therein  that,  by operation of this  proviso,  exceed the amounts
     required for Sellers to make aforesaid  payments due under such  Underlying
     Service  Agreement or Undesignated  Agreement.  Each weekly payment made by
     Purchaser will be accompanied  by a written  notice from  Administrator  to
     Sellers  indicating  the  amount of,  and the date on which,  each  payment
     should be made pursuant
<PAGE>

     to the applicable Underlying Service Agreements and Undesignated Agreements
     during the following week.

          (b) On the 15th day of each month,  Sellers  shall  provide  Purchaser
     with a written report  detailing  payments made by Sellers pursuant to this
     Section 4.2 during the previous month. Sellers shall provide Purchaser with
     reasonable access to the information  necessary for Purchaser to verify the
     accuracy of such  report.  Purchaser  shall  promptly  make any  additional
     payments  required with respect to the prior calendar month as set forth on
     such report,  except to the extent  disputed by  Purchaser,  in which event
     Purchaser  and Sellers  shall  negotiate to resolve any such  dispute.  The
     parties  acknowledge  and agree that if any such  dispute  is not  resolved
     within  ten  (10)  Business  Days of it  first  arising,  Sellers  may seek
     determination of the matter by the Bankruptcy Court.

          (c) Purchaser shall pay Sellers for amounts due and payable by Sellers
     for modifications to eQuote systems prior to and following the date of this
     Agreement, provided Purchaser has consented to such modifications.

     Section 4.3. Taxes. Purchaser shall reimburse Sellers for any and all taxes
and  governmental   charges  accruing  during  any  applicable  Service  Period,
including,  without limitation,  sales or use taxes, imposed on Sellers or which
Sellers shall have any obligation to collect with respect to or relating to this
Agreement,  the  Transition  Services  or the  performance  by  Sellers of their
obligations  hereunder  that would not have been assessed in the absence of this
Agreement,  other than employment  taxes with respect to Sellers'  employees and
income  taxes,  gross  receipt  taxes or similar  taxes imposed on net income or
taxes imposed on or relating to Sellers' property.

     Section 4.4.  Software.  Purchaser  hereby grants  Sellers a  non-exclusive
license to use during the  Wind-Up  Period any of the  Software,  or rights with
respect thereto, conveyed to Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement solely
to the extent necessary in connection with Wind-Up Activities.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                CERTAIN COVENANTS

     Section 5.1.  Indemnification.  The covenants and  agreements  contained in
this  Agreement  shall be  deemed  to be  covenants  contained  in the  Purchase
Agreement for purposes of the rights to  indemnification  set forth in Article X
thereof.

     Section 5.2.  Proprietary  Information And Rights.  Each party acknowledges
that the other  possesses,  and will continue to possess,  information  that has
been created,  discovered or developed by them and/or in which  property  rights
have  been  assigned  or  otherwise  conveyed  to them,  which  information  has
commercial value and is not in the public domain. The proprietary information of
each party will be and remain the sole  property of such party and its  assigns.
Each party shall use the same  degree of care that it  normally  uses to protect
its own  proprietary  information  to prevent the disclosure to third parties of
information  that has been  identified as  proprietary by written notice to such
party from the other party.  Neither party shall make any use of the information
of the other that has been
<PAGE>

identified as  proprietary  except as  contemplated  or required by the terms of
this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  this Section shall not apply to
any information that a party can demonstrate: (a) was, at the time of disclosure
to it, in the public  domain  through no fault of such party;  (b) was  received
after  disclosure  to it from a third  party who had a lawful  right to disclose
such  information  to it; or (c) was  independently  developed by the  receiving
party.

     Section 5.3.  Control of  Disputes.  Other than claims or disputes (a) with
respect to any Cure Amount,  (b) with respect to rejection  damages  pursuant to
Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code that would not give rise to Rejection Claims,
and (c)  that  Purchaser  concludes  in its good  faith  judgment  would  not be
expected to be to Purchaser's detriment,  as to each of which Sellers shall have
the sole and  exclusive  right to  defend,  settle or  compromise  (the  "Seller
Controlled  Claims"),  Purchaser  shall have the right to direct  Sellers in the
defense  of, and to settle and  compromise,  any claim in the  Bankruptcy  Cases
arising out of Sellers'  assumption  and  assignment  of an  Underlying  Service
Agreement or  Undesignated  Agreement  and/or to prosecute  any objection to any
claim (other than any Seller  Controlled  Claims)  arising  from any  Underlying
Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement.  Sellers shall not settle any claim
(other than any Seller  Controlled Claim) in the Bankruptcy Cases arising out of
an Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated  Agreement,  without Purchaser's
prior written consent.

     Section 5.4. Continued Access and Use of Systems.

          (a) Each  party  grants  to the  other  party's  personnel,  access to
     locations, systems, personnel and information (subject to the provisions of
     confidentiality  in Section 5.2 above,  and with  respect to those  systems
     specifically   identified  in  Section  3.2(f)  and  (g),  subject  to  the
     limitations set forth therein) as may be: (i) necessary for the other party
     to perform its obligations hereunder;  (ii) reasonably requested by Sellers
     in connection with Sellers' efforts to collect  Receivables  outstanding as
     of the Closing Date,  Sellers'  circuit finance  activities,  activities in
     connection with the provision of or billing for Excluded  Customer Contract
     Services,   performance  of  Sellers'  tax  and  accounting  functions,  or
     otherwise in connection  with the wind-up of Sellers'  business and affairs
     (such efforts,  activities,  performance and other wind-up activities being
     referred to collectively as the "Wind-Up Activities"); and (iii) reasonably
     requested by Purchaser in connection with the conduct of the Business after
     the Closing Date. Purchaser grants to Sellers the ability to use and access
     the systems listed on Schedule 5.4 in connection with Wind-Up Activities.

          (b) The  providing  party  ("Providing  Party") will provide the other
     party  ("Receiving  Party") a reasonable  amount of support and maintenance
     with respect to such  systems  consistent  with past  practices of Sellers,
     including,  with respect to systems  maintained  by  Purchaser,  a level of
     support and maintenance with respect to such application listed on Schedule
     5.4(a) or (b) (if so listed).  The Receiving  Party's use and access to the
     Providing  Party's  systems  shall be limited to read-only  access and use;
     provided,  that the Providing Party shall input data and implement  changes
     to systems and databases upon the Receiving Party's reasonable  request, in
     a timely  manner.  Nothing in this Section 5.4 shall  require the Providing
     Party to undertake, or perform any
<PAGE>

     development,  modification  or upgrades  of any  system,  or to maintain or
     enter any data, in each case except as required  pursuant to Section 3.2(f)
     and (g). Each Receiving  Party shall bear any  incremental  cost associated
     with its access and use of the Providing  Party's  systems.  If a Providing
     Party  seeks to  terminate a software  license  that is  necessary  for the
     provision  to a  Receiving  Party of use of and  access  to a  system,  the
     Providing  Party shall not terminate  such license  unless and until it has
     given the Receiving Party thirty (30) days' prior notice.  If the Providing
     Party provides such notice,  the Receiving Party shall be free to negotiate
     its own  replacement  license  with the  software  vendor and shall have no
     obligation hereunder to provide access to or use of such replaced system to
     the Providing Party.

     Section 5.5. Employees.

          (a) It is anticipated  that the employees of the Sellers  described in
     Schedule 5.5(a) hereto will remain  employees of the Sellers  following the
     Closing.

          (b) Except as set forth in Schedule  5.5(b) hereto,  Sellers and their
     Affiliates on the one hand,  and Purchaser and its  Affiliates on the other
     hand,  shall not solicit the  employment  of  employees  of the other party
     while they remain employees of such other party.

     Section 5.6.  Removal of  Equipment.  With respect to any Lease which is or
becomes an Excluded Agreement, Purchaser shall either (i) remove, at Purchaser's
sole cost and expense, any and all Purchased Assets from the leased premises, or
(ii) abandon any and all Purchased Assets at the leased premises,  and indemnify
and hold harmless Sellers from and against any and all Damages arising out of or
in connection  with such  abandonment:  (A) in the case of Leases that have been
designated  as Excluded  Agreements  on or prior to the date hereof,  within ten
days  after the date  hereof and (B) in the case of any Lease that is or becomes
an Excluded Agreement after the date hereof, the date which is five (5) Business
Days prior to the End Date with respect to such Lease.

                                  ARTICLE VI.

                                  TERMINATION

     Section 6.1. Term.  This  Agreement  shall be effective on the date hereof,
and shall continue in full force and effect for its term,  which shall expire on
the later of (i) three  months after the Election  Date,  or (ii) the  effective
date of Sellers'  plan of  reorganization.  This  Agreement  shall be terminated
prior  to the  expiration  of its  stated  term on the  first  to  occur  of the
following events and in no other manner:

          (a)  thirty  (30) days  after  notice by one party  (the  "Terminating
     Party") to the other party (the "Breaching Party) that the Breaching Party
     is in material breach of the terms of this  Agreement,  unless prior to the
     expiration of such thirty (30) day period,  the Breaching  Party cures such
     material  breach;  provided,  however,  that the Terminating  Party may not
     terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this subparagraph (a) if it is at the
<PAGE>

     time of proposed  termination  itself in material  breach of this Agreement
     and has previously received notice thereof from the Breaching Party;

          (b) the date on which  Purchaser and Sellers consent in writing to the
     termination of this Agreement; or

          (c) upon notice of termination delivered by Purchaser to Sellers, such
     termination to be effective on the later of (i) the date that is forty-five
     (45)  days  after  Purchaser  delivers  to  Sellers  such  notice  and (ii)
     September 30, 2003.

     Section 6.2. Effect of Termination.

          (a) In the event this Agreement expires,  or is terminated pursuant to
     Section  6.1,  all  further   obligations  of  the  parties  set  forth  in
     Article II,  Article III  and  Article IV  and Sections  5.4,  5.5, and 5.6
     hereof shall  terminate,  except (i) any liability for breach of any of the
     covenants or any of the  representations  or  warranties  contained in this
     Agreement  prior to such  expiration  or  termination  and (ii) that in the
     event of such expiration or termination, Purchaser shall promptly make, and
     shall  continue to be liable to Sellers to make,  payment to the Designated
     Account  pursuant to Section 4.2 of all amounts which are or may become due
     under any Underlying Service Agreement or Undesignated Agreement in respect
     of any applicable  Service Period (or portion thereof) with respect thereto
     prior to such expiration or termination.

          (b) Upon expiration of this Agreement or termination of this Agreement
     pursuant  to Section  6.1,  (i) the  Service  Period  with  respect to each
     Underlying  Service  Agreement and Undesignated  Agreement,  and, except as
     provided in Section  6.2(a),  the  obligations  of  Purchaser  with respect
     thereto  under  Section 2.7,  shall  automatically  terminate and (ii) with
     respect to each Underlying Service Agreement and Undesignated  Agreement as
     to which Purchaser has not theretofore made an election pursuant to Section
     2.9(a) of the Purchase Agreement (and  notwithstanding the last sentence of
     Section  2.11(a) of the Purchase  Agreement),  Purchaser shall be deemed to
     have given a notice, or subsequent  notice,  pursuant to Section 2.11(a) of
     the Purchase Agreement that Sellers may reject each such Underlying Service
     Agreement and  Undesignated  Agreement  effective on the effective  date of
     expiration or termination of this Agreement.

     Section 6.3. Termination of Particular Transition Services.

          (a)  Purchaser  shall have the  right,  upon ten (10)  Business  Days'
     notice,  to terminate the provision of any  particular  Transition  Service
     provided  by  Sellers  hereunder,   which  are  provided  pursuant  to  any
     individual Undesignated Agreement or Underlying Service Agreement. Upon any
     such termination,  (i) the Service Period with respect to such Undesignated
     Agreement  or  Underlying  Service  Agreement  and,  except as  provided in
     Section  6.3(b),  the  obligations of Purchaser with respect  thereto under
     Section  2.7,  shall  terminate  on the date  specified  in the  notice  of
     termination  of such  Transition  Service  and (ii)  unless  Purchaser  has
     theretofore  made an election  pursuant to Section  2.9(a) of the  Purchase
     Agreement with respect to such Undesignated Agreement or Underlying Service
     Agreement (and  notwithstanding the last sentence of Section
<PAGE>

     2.11(a) of the Purchase Agreement), Purchaser shall be deemed to have given
     a notice, or subsequent notice, pursuant to Section 2.11(a) of the Purchase
     Agreement that Sellers may reject such Undesignated Agreement or Underlying
     Service  Agreement,  effective on the effective  date of termination of all
     services under such Undesignated Agreement or Underlying Service Agreement.

          (b) In the  event  of any  termination  of any  particular  Transition
     Service  provided by Sellers as contemplated  by Section 6.3(a),  Purchaser
     shall promptly make payment to the Designated  Account of all amounts which
     are or may  become  due  under the  applicable  Undesignated  Agreement  or
     Underlying  Service  Agreement in respect of any applicable  Service Period
     with respect thereto prior to such termination.

          (c) This is a master  agreement  and shall be  construed as a separate
     and independent  agreement for each and every  Transition  Service provided
     under this Agreement.  Any termination of any particular Transition Service
     shall not affect the  obligations  under this Agreement with respect to any
     other Transition Service.

                                  ARTICLE VII.

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

     Section  7.1.  Incorporation  Of  Article  XIII.  All terms and  provisions
contained  Article XIII of the  Purchase  Agreement  (other than  Sections 13.4,
13.5,  13.6  and  13.13  thereof),   including  all  related  definitions,   are
incorporated  herein by reference  to the same extent as if expressly  set forth
herein.

     Section 7.2. Relationship Of Parties; No Beneficiaries or Assumption.

          (a) Sellers shall provide the Transition  Services,  and Administrator
     shall  perform  all  Contract   Administration   Services,  as  independent
     contractors,  and nothing  contained in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to
     create any  association,  partnership,  joint venture,  or  relationship of
     principal  and agent  (other than Section  2.3(b)),  or master and servant,
     between the parties to this  Agreement or any  Affiliates  or  subsidiaries
     thereof,  or to provide  either party with the right,  power or  authority,
     whether express or implied, to create any such duty or obligation on behalf
     of the other party.

          (b)  The   Administrator's   relationship  with  Sellers  pursuant  to
     Article III  shall  be  separate  and  distinct  from the  relationship  of
     Purchaser  with  Sellers  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  and  the  Purchase
     Agreement.  Sellers  shall  have no right of  setoff  with  respect  to the
     obligations of Administrator pursuant to Article III and the obligations of
     Purchaser under this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement. Purchaser, in its
     capacity as Administrator or otherwise, shall have no right of set off with
     respect to the  obligations of Sellers under this Agreement or the Purchase
     Agreement.

          (c) This  Agreement  shall not confer any rights or remedies  upon any
     person  or entity  other  than the  parties  hereto  and  their  respective
     permitted  successors  and assigns.  Nothing  contained  in this  Agreement
     constitutes,  or should be deemed to
<PAGE>

     constitute,   an  assignment,   assumption  or  rejection  of  any  of  the
     Undesignated  Agreements,   Underlying  Service  Agreements  or  any  other
     Contract or Lease in connection with the Transition Services.

     Section 7.3.  Limitation  on Liability.  Notwithstanding  any other term or
provision of this Agreement or Article X of the Purchase Agreement,  in no event
shall (a)  Purchaser  have any  Liability to Sellers for any special,  indirect,
incidental  or  consequential  damages  resulting  from  or  arising  out of the
performance or breach of any Purchaser Services,  except to the extent that such
damages are the result of the gross negligence,  willful misconduct or bad faith
of  Purchaser,  or (b) Sellers have any  Liability to Purchaser for any special,
indirect,  incidental or consequential  damages resulting from or arising out of
the performance or breach of any Transition Services,  except to the extent that
such damages are the result of the gross negligence,  willful  misconduct or bad
faith of any Seller.


<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Seller and Purchaser have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

GENUITY INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL NETWORKS INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY SOLUTIONS INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY TELECOM INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer





                         Transition Services Agreement
                                Signature Page 1
<PAGE>


GENUITY EMPLOYEE HOLDINGS INC.


By:      /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
         Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
         Title:   Executive Vice President and
                  Chief Financial Officer



























                         Transition Services Agreement
                                Signature Page 2
<PAGE>


LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, LLC



By:      /s/ Robert M. Yates
         Name: Robert M. Yates
         Title:   Vice President

GREENLAND MANAGED SERVICES, LLC



By:      /s/ Robert M. Yates
         Name: Robert M. Yates
         Title:   Vice President




















                         Transition Services Agreement
                                Signature Page 3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
