<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f8kex101_01022003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.0
<TEXT>






                                                                  Execution Copy

                          AMENDMENT, CONSENT AND WAIVER

     This AMENDMENT,  CONSENT AND WAIVER (this "Amendment,  Consent and Waiver")
dated as of December 30, 2002, but effective as of November 27, 2002, is entered
into by Level 3 Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Level 3
Communications, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent  ("Purchaser"),  Genuity Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Genuity"),  and the  subsidiaries  of Genuity  listed on the  signature  pages
hereto (each a "Seller" and together with Genuity,  including their  successors,
the "Sellers").

     WHEREAS, Sellers,  Purchaser and Parent have entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2002 (the "Purchase Agreement"), relating to
the  purchase  and  sale  of  certain  assets  and  the  assumption  of  certain
liabilities relating to the Business;

     WHEREAS,  Sellers,  Parent and Purchaser desire to amend certain provisions
of, and certain Exhibits and Schedules to, the Purchase Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  Purchaser and Parent  desire to waive  certain  provisions of the
Purchase Agreement, and consent to certain deviations therefrom;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing  premises and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

     Section.  1.  Definitions;   Section,   Exhibit  and  Schedule  References.
Capitalized  terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
specified in the Purchase Agreement,  as amended hereby.  Except where expressly
noted, references contained herein to Sections,  Exhibits and Schedules refer to
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of the Purchase Agreement.

     Section.  2.  Amendment of Schedule 1.3.  Schedule 1.3 is hereby amended to
include  as  item  2  thereof  the   Excluded   FCC   Licenses   and  the  Other
Non-Transferred FCC Licenses.

     Section. 3. Amendment of Section 3.12(b). The last two sentences of Section
3.12(b)  (including  subparagraphs  (i), (ii), and (iii) thereof) are amended to
provide that the representations  and warranties  contained therein with respect
to the Other  Non-Transferred  FCC  Licenses  are made solely as of November 27,
2002,  notwithstanding any deemed  representation or warranty as of a later date
pursuant to Section 7.2(a) or any other provision of the Agreement.

     Section. 4. Acknowledgement and Consent Regarding Section 5.1(b)(i).  It is
hereby  acknowledged,  and Parent and Purchaser  hereby  consent,  that Sellers'
receipt, acceptance and performance of service orders placed under a Section 5.1
Agreement as in effect on the date of the Purchase Agreement that are consistent
in amount and type of services with service orders  previously  delivered  under
such  Section  5.1  Agreement  shall not  constitute  a
<PAGE>

material amendment or modification of such Section 5.1 Agreement for purposes of
Section 5.1(b)(i).

     Section.  5. Deletion of Section  5.1(b)(ii)(D).  Section  5.1(b)(ii)(D) is
hereby deleted in its entirety.

     Section. 6. Amendment of Section 5.1(b)(iii). Section 5.1(b)(iii) is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

          "(iii)  Sellers shall not allow or suffer to terminate any Section 5.1
     Agreement other than upon conclusion of its stated term."

     Section.  7. Certain  Amendments and Waivers of Section 5.1 With Respect to
Other Non-Transferred Licenses.

          (a) Section  5.1(c)(iii)  is hereby amended to insert at the beginning
     thereof,  "except with respect to the Other Non-Transferred FCC Licenses,";
     and

          (b) Sections 5.1(a),  (c)(ii),  d(v), and d(vi) are hereby waived with
     respect to any abandonment, relinquishment, voluntary termination or waiver
     of any Other  Non-Transferred  FCC  Licenses (a "License  Termination")  in
     which the only breach of the Agreement  that would arise out of the License
     Termination  is  the  License   Termination  itself  and  not  any  of  its
     consequences.

     Section.  8. Partial  Waiver of Section  5.1(d)(iii)  for Service Orders of
Less Than  $100,000.  The  compliance by Sellers with Section  5.1(d)(iii)  with
respect to service orders for an amount relating to the period after the Closing
Date of less than $100,000 is hereby waived.

     Section.  9.  Correction  of Error in  Section  5.1(d)(iv).  The word "not"
included as the first word of Section 5.1(d)(iv) was included in such Section in
error,  and the  parties  hereto  agree that the  Purchase  Agreement  should be
interpreted  as if such word was not included  therein,  and such word is hereby
deleted.

     Section.  10. Waiver of Section  5.1(d)(iv)(A).  Sellers'  compliance  with
Section  5.1(d)(iv)(A) is hereby waived,  subject to Sellers providing Purchaser
with notice of any new, or of any renewal of any,  Contract or Lease of the kind
described in Section5.1(d)(iv)(A), in each case no later than three (3) Business
Days after entering into or renewing such Contract or Lease.

     Section. 11. Partial Waiver of Section  5.1(d)(iv)(C).  Sellers' compliance
with  Section  5.1(d)(iv)(C)  is hereby  waived with  respect to service  orders
placed under Sellers' General Services Administration agreement or schedule.

     Section.  12.  Change of Notice Party in Section  5.1(e).  The reference to
ira.parker@genuity.com  at the  end of  Section  5.1(e)  is  hereby  changed  to
ehill@genuity.com.
<PAGE>

     Section.  13.  Amendment of Section 5.1(f).  The  parenthetical  in Section
5.1(f) is hereby  deleted  in its  entirety  and the  following  is  substituted
therefor:

          "(other than a denial of a request for a waiver or consent)".

     Section.  14. Amendment of Section 6.10(a).  The second sentence of Section
6.10(a) is hereby  deleted in its  entirety  and the  following  is  substituted
therefor:

               "On or before  December 16,  2002,  Sellers and  Purchaser  shall
          file, or cause to be filed, the FCC Applications."

     Section. 15. Amendment of Schedules 7.1(f) and 7.2(g).  Schedule 7.1(f) and
Schedule  7.2(g) are  hereby  amended  in their  entirety  to be as set forth on
Exhibits A and B hereto, respectively.

     Section. 16. Amendment of Exhibit A. Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement is
hereby amended to:

               (a) delete the defined term "Renewal Request".

               (b) include the following defined terms:

                    (i)  "Excluded FCC  Licenses"  means the  following  Federal
               Communication Commission licenses:

                         (A)  Submarine  Cable Landing  License for  Americas-II
                    cable, File No. SCL-98-003/SLC-98-003A,  licensed by Genuity
                    Telecom Inc.

                         (B Submarine  Cable  Landing  License for TAT-14 cable,
                    File  No.   SCL-LIC-19990303-00004,   licensed   by  Genuity
                    Networks Inc.

                         (C) Submarine  Cable Landing License for Japan-US Cable
                    Network,  File  No.   SCL-LIC-19981117-00025,   licensed  by
                    Genuity Networks Inc.

                         (D)  Microwave  Industrial  / Business  Pool,  File No.
                    WPQY302, licensed by Genuity Solutions Inc.

                         (E)  Microwave  Industrial  / Business  Pool,  File No.
                    WPQY304, licensed by Genuity Solutions Inc.

                         (F)  Microwave  Industrial  / Business  Pool,  File No.
                    WPQY455, licensed by Genuity Solutions Inc.

                    (ii) "FCC" means the U.S. Federal Communications Commission.
<PAGE>

                    (iii) "Other  Non-Transferred  FCC  Licenses"  means all FCC
               licenses  listed  on Item 2 of  Schedule  3.12(b)-1  that are not
               listed on Schedule 7.2(g), other than Excluded FCC Licenses.

                    (iv) "State PUCs" means state and local  public  service and
               public  utilities  commissions  or franchise  authorities in each
               applicable jurisdiction.

               (c) amend and restate the defined term "Excluded  Matters" in its
          entirety as follows:

               "Excluded  Matters"  means  the  Excluded  Assets,  the  Excluded
          Liabilities that are not Transition  Matters or Other  Non-Transferred
          FCC  Licenses,  and do not arise out of  Transition  Matters  or Other
          Non-Transferred FCC Licenses.

     Section. 17. Amendment of Exhibit F. Exhibit F to the Purchase Agreement is
hereby  amended  in its  entirety  to be as set forth on  Exhibit  C hereto.  In
addition,  the provisions of Section 6.7(c) are deemed to be satisfied,  and the
provisions  of  Section  12.1(e)(iv)  are  waived  with  respect to any right to
terminate  the  Agreement  arising  out of  the  fact  that  Exhibit  C to  this
Amendment, Consent and Waiver differs from Exhibit F as it existed prior to this
Amendment,  Consent and Waiver.  For the avoidance of doubt,  the parties hereby
acknowledge and agree that for all purposes of the Purchase Agreement,  from and
after the date hereof references to the Bidding  Procedures Order shall refer to
Exhibit F, as amended hereby.

     Section.  18. No Breach with  Respect to  Excluded  FCC  Licenses.  For the
avoidance of doubt,  each of Parent and Purchaser  hereby  acknowledge and agree
that no  representation  or  warranty  is made in the  Purchase  Agreement  with
respect to the Excluded  FCC  Licenses,  and the  termination,  cancellation  or
relinquishment,  or transfer or other disposition,  of the Excluded FCC Licenses
(and any filings and motions filed with the Bankruptcy  Court in connection with
the  foregoing)  shall not  constitute a breach of any provision of the Purchase
Agreement.

     Section.  19.   Effectiveness  of  Amendment,   Consent  and  Waiver.  This
Amendment,   Consent  and  Waiver  shall  not  become   effective  until  it  is
countersigned  below by all of the parties listed on the signature pages hereto,
and upon such  countersignature  this  Amendment,  Consent  and Waiver  shall be
deemed to have become effective as of the date of the Purchase Agreement.

     Section. 20. Limitation on Consent.  This Amendment,  Consent and Waiver is
limited to the express terms hereof, and nothing herein shall be deemed to be an
amendment to, consent with respect to, or waiver of, any other  provision of the
Purchase  Agreement,  which shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent
an action  would  have in the  absence  of this  Amendment,  Consent  and Waiver
constituted a breach of both a provision  amended,  waived or deleted hereby and
another provision of the Purchase Agreement,  following this Amendment,  Consent
and Waiver such action would still constitute a breach of such other provision.
<PAGE>

     Section. 21.  Miscellaneous.  All terms and provisions contained in Article
XIII of the Purchase Agreement (other than  Sections 13.4,  13.5, 13.6 and 13.13
thereof),   including  all  related  definitions,  are  incorporated  herein  by
reference to the same extent as if expressly set forth herein.

<PAGE>






     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Sellers,  Purchaser  and  Parent  have  executed  and
delivered  this  Amendment,  Consent  and  Waiver  as of the day and year  first
written above.

LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, LLC



By:           /s/ Thomas Boasberg
      Name:   Thomas Boasberg
      Title:  Senior Vice President

LEVEL 3 COMMUNICATIONS, INC.



By:           /s/ Neil J. Eckstein
      Name:   Neil J. Eckstein
      Title:   Vice President and Assistant General
               Counsel

GENUITY INC.



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name:  Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL INC.



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY INTERNATIONAL
   NETWORKS INC.



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY SOLUTIONS INC.



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
<PAGE>

GENUITY TELECOM INC.



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

GENUITY EMPLOYEE HOLDINGS LLC



By:   /s/ Daniel P. O'Brien
      Name: Daniel P. O'Brien
      Title: Manager




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
