<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>p16838_ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>TECHNOLOGY PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.1
                                                                     -----------

                          TECHNOLOGY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Agreement is dated this 19th day of March, 2003 by and between ASI
Technology  Corporation ("ASI"), a Nevada corporation,  having a principal place
of business located 980 American Pacific Drive, No. 111, Henderson, Nevada 89014
and Markland Technologies,  Inc., a Florida Corporation  ("Markland"),  having a
principal place of business located at 54 Danbury Road Suite #207 Ridgefield, CT
06877.

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS,  ASI has acquired,  developed and patented  certain gas plasma
antenna ("GPA")  technology that utilizes  ionized gas in a vessel as an antenna
to   both   receive   and   transmit   radio   frequency   signals   and   as  a
reflector/shield/filter  for  radio  frequency  signals.  As a  result  of ASI's
inventions  it was  awarded,  by  assignment  and/or has pending the patents and
patent applications listed on Exhibit A.

         WHEREAS,  this GPA technology is believed to have commercial  viability
in both  commercial  and  Department  of Defense  applications  but will require
further development, additional capital and research.

         WHEREAS,  ASI desires to pursue other business  ventures and desires to
sell and otherwise assign all of its right,  title,  interest and benefit in and
to its GPA  technology,  including  the related  patents,  patent  applications,
current  contracts and contract  proposals  and backlog and related  technology,
equipment and all other intellectual property rights related thereto, as defined
in paragraph 1 a) hereof, to Markland  according to the terms and conditions set
forth  below in order to allow  further  development  of this  technology  to be
completed.

         WHEREAS,  ASI and Markland  desire to cooperate as provided herein with
respect to existing government contracts.

         WHEREAS,  Markland is a company  looking for new technology to purchase
and  exploit  and  Markland  desires to  purchase  ASI's GPA issued and  pending
patents and related  technology,  current  contracts and contract  proposals and
backlog and equipment according to the terms and conditions below.

                                      TERMS

         Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises described below
and other good and valuable  consideration,  the  sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree to be legally bound as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions apply:

         a) "Technology"  shall be defined as all right,  title,  interest,  and
benefit of ASI and all powers and  privileges of ASI  (including  to make,  have
made, use, or sell under patent law; to copy, adapt,  distribute,  display,  and
perform under  copyright law; and to use and disclose under trade secret law) in
and to all proprietary rights embodied in or comprising the GPA technology as of
the Closing ("Proprietary Rights"), defined as follows:

                  (1)  All  United   States  and  foreign   patents  and  patent
applications,  including,  without  limitation,  the issued  patents  and patent
applications  listed on Exhibit A hereto,  patent  license rights and patentable
inventions,  any  continuation  or  continuation-in-part  of,  division  of,


<PAGE>

or  substitution  for any such  applications,  any United  States  patent issued
thereon,  any  reissue or  reexamination  application  filed on any such  United
States patent, any reissue patent or reexamined patent issuing thereon,  and any
extension  of any such United  States  patent or reissue  patent and any and all
applications  for patent in any  country  foreign  to the  United  States on any
invention  disclosed  in any of said  patents or patent  applications  described
above and any patents granted thereon;

                  (2) All trade secrets,  know-how,  confidential or proprietary
information,  including,  without  limitation,  the confidential and proprietary
information  identified  in  Exhibit  B hereto,  shop  rights,  technical  data,
technology licenses, concepts, drawings, schematics,  prototypes,  improvements,
enhancements,   upgrades,  materials,  works  of  authorship,   derivative,  and
derivative works, mask works,  engineering  files,  system  documentation,  flow
charts,  computer software code and design specifications  acquired or developed
by ASI or any of its affiliates  that are embodied or incorporated in or derived
from  the  Proprietary  Rights  or in  connection  with the  development  of the
programming,  inventions,  processes,  and apparati  entailed by the Proprietary
Rights;

                  (3) The equipment identified in Exhibit C hereto;

                  (4) All trademarks,  service marks and trade names,  including
without limitation,  the trademark and trade name identified in Exhibit D hereto
(including,  in the case of  trademarks,  service  marks  and trade  names,  all
goodwill  appertaining  thereto),  moral  rights  (defined as any right to claim
authorship  of  a  work,  any  right  to  object  to  any  distortion  or  other
modification  of a work,  and any similar  right,  existing under the law of any
country in the world, or under any treaty), and copyrights;

                  (5)  All  market  research  and  information,  contact  lists,
marketing materials,  business plans, notes, documents and records pertaining in
any way to any of the  Proprietary  Rights and any  existing or future  products
incorporating any of the Proprietary  Rights or any item described in any of the
foregoing  paragraphs and any agreements with any other parties to contribute to
the further development of any of the Proprietary Rights; and

                  (6)  All  other   intellectual   property   rights  and  legal
protections in every and all countries and jurisdictions owned or claimed by ASI
or any of its affiliates  and embodied in or comprising  any of the  Proprietary
Rights; provided,  however, that the Technology and Proprietary Rights shall not
include any of ASI's rights,  titles or interests in and to any of the contracts
and contract  proposals listed in Exhibit E hereto, the assignment of which from
ASI to Markland shall be as provided in Section 5 hereof.

         b) "Gross Revenues from Contracts"  shall include all amounts  actually
received  by ASI  from  the  government  contracts  relating  to the  Technology
existing at the Closing as listed on Exhibit E hereto or awarded to ASI prior to
the Closing other than amounts  received by ASI in payment of invoices issued or
effective on or before the Closing.

         c) "Securities"  shall be the shares of Markland common stock issued to
ASI as part of the Technology Purchase Price.

         d)  "Market  Price" on any  trading  day shall be the  volume  weighted
average price per share of Markland's  common stock from the hours of 9:30 AM to
4:00 PM (Eastern) as reported

                                       2
<PAGE>

by Bloomberg  Financial  using the AQR  function.  The average  Market Price per
share for a period  shall be the  average of each  trading  day's  Market  Price
during such period.

2. Assignments; Technology Purchase Price.

         a) ASI hereby agrees to sell,  assign and transfer,  and at the Closing
shall sell,  assign and transfer,  to Markland in perpetuity (or for the longest
period of time  otherwise  permitted  by law),  and  Markland  hereby  agrees to
purchase and accept, all of ASI's right,  title,  interest and benefit in and to
the Technology and Proprietary Rights. As payment for such sale,  assignment and
transfer,  Markland  agrees  to pay ASI in cash an amount  equal to One  Hundred
Fifty Thousand Dollars  ($150,000) (the "Cash Payment"),  payable as hereinafter
provided,  and to issue to ASI and its designees,  in the aggregate, a number of
shares  of the  Securities  having an  aggregate  value of Eight  Hundred  Fifty
Thousand  Dollars  ($850,000)  computed as  described  below  (collectively  the
"Technology  Purchase Price") which the parties agree equals or exceeds the fair
market value of the Technology and Proprietary Rights determined on the basis of
arms-length negotiations.

         b) The Cash Payment shall be paid as follows:

                  (1) A  nonrefundable  amount  equal  to Ten  Thousand  Dollars
($10,000) shall be paid upon execution and delivery of this Agreement.

                  (2) A  nonrefundable  amount  equal  to Ten  Thousand  Dollars
($10,000)  shall be paid every  thirty (30) days  following  the  execution  and
delivery of this  Agreement and the balance of the Cash Payment shall be paid at
Closing.

         c) The Securities  constituting  a portion of the  Technology  Purchase
Price shall be issued to ASI at Closing.  The number of shares of the Securities
shall be equal to the quotient  obtained by dividing (i) $850,000 by (ii) 85% of
the average  Market  Price per share of Markland  common stock during the twenty
(20) trading days  immediately  preceding the date of Closing.  For example:  If
Markland  common  stock  average  Market  Price for the twenty (20) trading days
immediately preceding the date of Closing is $.20/share, the number of shares of
Securities  issued to ASI  shall be equal to  $850,000  divided  by $.17 (85% of
$.20),  resulting  in  5,000,000  shares  of  Markland  common  stock.  Markland
acknowledges  and agrees that a number of Securities  equal to five percent (5%)
of the  number  of  Securities  issuable  to ASI  hereunder  shall be  issued by
Markland to Patriot Scientific Corporation  ("Patriot") pursuant to that certain
Purchase  Agreement  between  ASI and  Patriot  dated as of August 20, 1999 (the
"Patriot Agreement").

3. The Closing and Closing  Date.  Subject to the terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement, the sale and purchase of the Technology and the Proprietary Rights as
provided for in this Agreement shall be consummated at a closing (the "Closing")
to be held at the offices of ASI Technology  Corporation,  980 American  Pacific
Drive, No. 111, Henderson,  Nevada 89014 at 10:00 a.m. on the earlier of (i) the
date on which  the last of the  contracts  listed in  Exhibit E hereto  has been
assigned to Markland and (ii) the date that is ninety (90) days from the date of
this  Agreement,  or at such other place,  time and date as ASI and Markland may
mutually  agree in writing.  The date on which the Closing  shall  actually take
place is herein referred to as the "Closing Date".

4. Closing Deliveries and Conditions.

         a) ASI's Closing  Deliveries and Conditions of Markland's  Obligations.
The  obligations  of Markland to consummate the  transactions  set forth in this
Agreement are subject

                                       3
<PAGE>

to the  fulfillment  on, or before,  the Closing  Date of each of the  following
conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by Markland:

                  (1) ASI shall have duly executed and delivered to Markland the
Sublicense Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the
"Sublicense  Agreement")  and  such  other  instruments  of  transfer  as may be
reasonably  requested by Markland to transfer the Technology and the Proprietary
Rights to Markland, all in a form reasonably satisfactory to Markland;

                  (2) No  preliminary  or permanent  injunction or other binding
order,  decree or ruling  issued by a court or  governmental  agency shall be in
effect  which  shall  have the  effect of  preventing  the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                  (3) ASI shall have  performed and complied with all covenants,
agreements,  obligations  and  conditions  contained in this  Agreement that are
required to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Closing; and

                  (4) The  representations  and  warranties  of ASI contained in
this  Agreement  and any exhibits and schedules  attached or referenced  thereto
shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date.

         b) Markland's  Closing  Deliveries and Conditions of ASI's Obligations.
The  obligations  of ASI to  consummate  the  transactions  set  forth  in  this
Agreement are subject to the fulfillment on, or before, the Closing Date of each
of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by ASI:

                  (1)  Markland  shall have paid all amounts of the Cash Payment
due and payable  prior to Closing  and shall pay the unpaid  balance of the Cash
Payment at Closing;

                  (2) Markland shall have duly executed and delivered to ASI the
Registration  Rights  Agreement  substantially  in the form  attached  hereto as
Exhibit G (the "Registration Rights Agreement");

                  (3) Markland  shall have duly  executed  and  delivered to ASI
share certificates registered in the names of ASI and Patriot evidencing, in the
aggregate, the Securities;

                  (4) No  preliminary  or permanent  injunction or other binding
order,  decree or ruling  issued by a court or  governmental  agency shall be in
effect  which  shall  have the  effect of  preventing  the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                  (5)  Markland  shall  have  performed  and  complied  with all
covenants,  agreements,  obligations and conditions  contained in this Agreement
that are  required  to be  performed  or  complied  with by it on or before  the
Closing; and

                  (6) The  representations  and warranties of Markland contained
in this Agreement and any exhibits and schedules  attached or referenced thereto
shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date.

5. Purchase Price Adjustment on Reverse Split.

         a) In the event the  outstanding  shares of Markland common stock shall
be  combined  or  consolidated,  by  reclassification,  reverse  stock  split or
otherwise,  into a lesser number of shares of Markland  Common Stock (a "Reverse
Split") at any time during the period  from

                                       4
<PAGE>

Closing and ending eighteen (18) months after Closing (the "Adjustment Period"),
then for each such Reverse  Split,  there shall be computed an adjustment in the
number of shares of Markland  common  stock and if such  adjustment  is positive
then the computed number of additional  shares of Markland common stock shall be
issued  to ASI in  accordance  with  this  Section  5. The  adjustment  shall be
computed as follows:

                  (1) Definitions.

                      (i) "Number of Post Split Common Shares Previously Issued"
shall  mean the  number of  shares of  Markland  common  stock  issued to ASI at
Closing  plus any  additional  shares of  Markland  common  stock  issued to ASI
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement as adjusted by the Reverse Split.

                      (ii) "Number of  Readjusted  Shares" shall mean the number
of shares of Markland  common stock equal to the  quotient  obtained by dividing
(i)  $850,000  by (ii) 85% of the  average  Market  Price per share of  Markland
common  stock  during the thirty (30) trading  days  immediately  following  the
effective date of the Reverse Split. The Number of Readjusted Shares so computed
shall  be  increased  by 15% if such an  adjustment  was  made  pursuant  to the
Registration  Rights Agreement in computation of the Number of Post Split Common
Shares Previously Issued.

                  (2) If the Number of  Readjusted  Shares is  greater  than the
Number of Post  Split  Common  Shares  Previously  Issued  then  Markland  shall
promptly, but in no event later than five (5) business days following the end of
such  thirty  (30) day  period,  issue to ASI a number of  additional  shares of
Markland  common  stock equal to such  difference.  If the Number of  Readjusted
Shares is less than the Number of Post Split  Common  Shares  Previously  Issued
then no adjustment shall be made.

As an  example,  if  5,000,000  shares of  Markland  common  stock are issued at
Closing,  Markland  subsequently effects a one-for-ten  (1-for-10) Reverse Split
during the Adjustment  Period,  and the average Market Price for the thirty (30)
trading days after the Reverse Split is $1.00,  then the additional shares would
be  computed  as  follows  (assuming  no  adjustment  is  made  pursuant  to the
Registration Rights Agreement):

     A. Number of Post Split Common Shares Previously Issued = 5,000,000 divided
        by 10 or 500,000.

     B. Number of  Readjusted  Shares = $850,000  divided by ($1.00  less 15% or
        $.85) or 1,000,000 shares.

     C. Since  the  Number  of  Readjusted  Shares  exceeds  the  Number of Post
        Rollback  Common  Shares  Previously  Issued then  Markland  would issue
        500,000 additional shares of Markland common stock.

The above  adjustment  shall occur for each Reverse  Split  effected  during the
Adjustment Period.

6. Government Contract Revenues, Costs and Personnel.

ASI is  responsible  for  the  completion  and  performance  of  the  government
contracts listed in Exhibit E (the  "Contracts")  until completion of assignment
to Markland.  The parties  shall use their  commercially  reasonable  efforts to
assign or transfer all Contracts from ASI to Markland as soon as practical after
execution of this Agreement, each party paying their own costs of such efforts.

Markland  shall from April 1, 2003 use its best efforts to manage and administer
such  services  being  performed  under each  Contract  and  prepare all reports
thereto  in a manner  consistent  with  normal  practice  and that  employed  by
Markland under contracts it performs for the government.

                                       5
<PAGE>

ASI shall pay Markland a fee equal to 100% of all Gross  Revenues from Contracts
billed for the periods after April 1, 2003 when and as received by ASI. Markland
shall pay directly or reimburse  ASI for all  personnel,  subcontract  and other
costs of  performing  the Contracts and plasma  antenna  research,  development,
marketing and services from and after April 1, 2003.  Personnel  transfers shall
be handled based on the  effective  transfer of the Contracts and as agreed upon
in writing between such personnel and the parties hereto.  Markland has made its
own  investigation  into  ASI  consultants  and  ASI  makes  no  representations
regarding the continued availability of consultants and personnel.

ASI  shall  be paid a fee of  $2,500.00  per  calendar  month  by  Markland  for
supporting  administration  of the  contracts  until  all  Contracts  have  been
assigned or transferred to Markland. The fee shall be due and payable in cash at
the end of each calendar month.

Markland  understands the contracts can be terminated by the government pursuant
to the terms of the respective  contracts.  Notwithstanding any provision herein
to the contrary, express or implied, ASI shall in no event be liable to Markland
if any Contract is  terminated  either prior to, upon or after such  Contract is
assigned or transferred to Markland.

Markland  acknowledges and agrees that the STTR Contract in Exhibit E relates to
patented technology not included in the Technology or the Proprietary Rights but
is the subject of the license under the Sublicense Agreement.

7. Termination.

         (a) This Agreement may be terminated and abandoned prior to the Closing
Date:

                      (i) By written mutual consent of ASI and Markland; or

                      (ii)  By ASI or  Markland  if any  court  or  governmental
agency of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or
taken any other action which prevents, restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits
the transactions contemplated hereby; or

                      (iii) By ASI by  delivery  of written  notice to  Markland
if:(1) ASI discovers any material  error,  mistake,  misstatement or omission in
the representations  and warranties of Markland in this Agreement,  (2) Markland
has breached or violated  this  Agreement  in any material  respect and, if such
breach or violation is curable,  has failed to cure such  violations  within ten
(10) days of  receiving  written  notice  thereof;  or (3) the  Closing  has not
occurred by the date that is ninety  (90) days from the date of this  Agreement;
or

                      (iv) By Markland by delivery of written  notice to ASI if:
(1) Markland discovers any material error, mistake,  misstatement or omission in
the  representations  and  warranties  of ASI in  this  Agreement,  (2)  ASI has
breached or violated this Agreement in any material  respect and, if such breach
or violation is curable, has failed to cure such violations within ten (10) days
of receiving written notice thereof;  or (2) the Closing has not occurred by the
date that is ninety (90) days from the date of this Agreement.

         (b) In the event that this  Agreement is terminated as provided in this
Section 7 (a "Termination"),  all further  obligations of the parties under this
Agreement  shall terminate  without further  liability of any party to any other
party or to the  stockholders,  directors  or officers  of any party;  provided,
however, that (i) a Termination shall not relieve any party of any liability for
any  breach  of this  Agreement  or for  any  intentional  misrepresentation  or
intentional failure to comply with any agreement or covenant hereunder,  and any
such Termination  shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any available remedy for
any such breach, intentional  misrepresentation or intentional failure to comply
with any such agreement or covenant and (ii)

                                       6
<PAGE>

Markland shall execute and delivery all documents and agreements and perform all
acts  necessary  to reassign  to ASI all  Contracts  that have been  assigned to
Markland.

Once  Markland  has fully  paid the  Technology  Purchase  Price at  Closing  as
provided  in Section 2, ASI agrees that it will have no claim  against  Markland
for the return of the Technology or the Proprietary  Rights or any  improvements
thereto or in voiding or rescinding this Agreement and the related  assignments,
provided,  however,  that ASI reserves all other rights and remedies it may have
arising out of the breach or nonperformance of this Agreement by Markland.

8. Representations, Warranties and Covenants.

          a) ASI hereby  represents and warrants to, and covenants with Markland
as follows:

                  (1) No Consents.  No consents (other than necessary filings in
patent offices wherein  Proprietary  Rights have been registered or applications
therefor  have been filed) of any other  parties are  necessary  or  appropriate
under any agreements  concerning any of the Technology or the Proprietary Rights
in  order  for  the  transfer  and  assignment  of  any of  the  Technology  and
Proprietary Rights under this Agreement to be legally effective.

                  (2)  Marketable  Title.  To the best of ASI's  knowledge,  (i)
immediately  prior to the  Closing  of this  Agreement,  ASI shall have good and
marketable title to the Technology and the Proprietary Rights, free and clear of
any and all liens,  mortgages,  encumbrances,  pledges,  security interests,  or
charges of any nature  whatsoever  (collectively,  "Liens")  and,  (ii) upon the
Closing,  Markland shall receive good and marketable title to the Technology and
the Proprietary Rights, free and clear of any and all Liens.

                  (3) Technology and  Proprietary  Rights.  To the best of ASI's
knowledge,  (i) ASI is the sole owner of the entire right, title and interest in
and to the Technology and the Proprietary Rights subject to a royalty payable to
Patriot under the Patriot  Agreement upon sale of the Technology and Proprietary
Rights  in the  form of five  percent  (5%) of the  Securities  issuable  to ASI
hereunder  and five percent (5%) of the Cash Payment  payable to ASI  hereunder,
which,  with  respect  to such  portion  of the Cash  Payment,  will be the sole
obligation  of ASI (the  "Patriot  Royalty")  and (ii)  the  Technology  and the
Proprietary  Rights are free of all  licenses,  sublicenses,  royalty or similar
payment  obligations,  liens,  mortgages,  encumbrances,  pledges,  or  security
interests, of any nature whatsoever, other than the Patriot Royalty, and are not
subject to any outstanding  injunction,  judgement,  order,  decree,  ruling, or
charge.  ASI has the right and  authority  to enter into this  Agreement  and to
grant the rights  granted  herein.  No facts have come to ASI's  attention  that
would form a basis for the belief that the Technology or the Proprietary  Rights
or any  rights  thereunder  owned by ASI are  unenforceable  or  invalid  and no
action, suit, proceeding, hearing,  investigation,  charge, complaint, claim, or
demand is pending or, to the best of ASI's knowledge,  is threatened against ASI
that  challenges the legality,  validity,  enforceability,  use, or ownership of
such  items.  ASI has not agreed to  indemnify  any  person  for or against  any
interference, infringement,  misappropriation, or other conflict with respect to
such items. All material  information  affecting the patentability of the claims
of the Technology,  the Proprietary Rights and patent rights thereunder known to
ASI has been disclosed to the United States Patent and Trademark  Office and any
other governing  entity as relate to such rights.  There have been no transfers,
sales,  assignments,  licenses  or  other  conveyance  of any  rights,  title or
interest  in or to such  items and none are  pending or  contemplated  except as
otherwise  provided herein.  The Technology and Proprietary Rights represent all
of the patents,  patent  applications,  rights or inventions created or owned by
ASI that  relate  to the GPA  technology.  To the best of ASI's  knowledge,  the
Technology and the Proprietary Rights and the processes represented by them will
perform the functions as set forth in the patents and patent applications listed
in  Exhibit A hereto and  disclosed  by ASI to  Markland,  and ASI does not have
knowledge  of any

                                       7
<PAGE>

matter that would prevent such performance.  To the best of ASI's knowledge, ASI
has not, by any of its acts or acts of its agents,  put any of those rights into
jeopardy.

                  (4)  Contract  Work.  All  prior   government  work  has  been
completed and there are no obligations for further work, development,  reporting
or delivery of any items or work  product  except as  disclosed in Exhibit E and
the Contracts related thereto.

                  (5) Use of Technology  After Closing.  ASI  acknowledges  that
after the Closing, Markland shall be free to develop,  abandon,  transfer, sell,
license or otherwise  deal with the Technology  without  consent or claim by ASI
other than as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

         b) Markland  acknowledges  and agrees that it is buying the  Technology
and the Proprietary  Rights "AS IS", with no warranty or  representation  of any
kind  except  as  expressly  provided  herein  and with no  assurance  of future
revenues relating from the Technology or the Proprietary  Rights.  ASI DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES,  EITHER EXPRESS,  IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, OR ARISING
BY COURSE OF CONDUCT OR PERFORMANCE, CUSTOM OR USAGE IN THE TRADE INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED  TO, ANY  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  OF  MERCHANTABILITY  OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

         c) Markland hereby  represents and warrants to, and covenants with, ASI
as follows:

                  (1) Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Markland is
a corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Florida.  Markland has all  requisite  corporate  power and
authority to own and operate its properties  and assets,  to execute and deliver
this Agreement and to issue and sell the Securities, as hereinafter defined, and
to carry out the  provisions  of this  Agreement and to carry on its business as
presently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted.  Markland is duly
qualified  and is authorized to do business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation  in all  jurisdictions  in which the nature of its activities and of
its  properties  (both owned and  leased)  makes such  qualification  necessary,
except  for  those  jurisdictions  in which  failure  to do so would  not have a
material adverse effect on Markland or its business.

                  (2)  Capitalization;  Voting Rights.  The  authorized  capital
stock of Markland  consists of  500,000,000  shares of Common  Stock,  par value
$.0001 per share ("Common Stock"),  and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $.0001 per share  ("Preferred  Stock").  As of March 14, 2003 Markland had
8,000  shares  of  Series  C  preferred  stock   designated  with  5,225  shares
outstanding  and  306,709,209  shares of Common  Stock  outstanding.  A total of
73,130,267 shares of common stock are reserved for conversion under the Series C
Preferred Stock (such  preferred  convertible  into 36,565,134  common shares at
March 14, 2003) and an additional  7,161,660 shares of common stock are intended
for future  issuance to  employees  and  consultants.  There are no stock option
grants, warrants or other convertible instruments outstanding.

         All issued and  outstanding  shares of Markland  common  stock (a) have
been  duly  authorized  and  validly   issued,   and  (b)  are  fully  paid  and
nonassessable.  The Securities  issued to ASI are, and any additional  shares of
Markland  common  stock  issued  pursuant  hereto  or  the  Registration  Rights
Agreement will be, validly  issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable,  and will be
free of any liens or encumbrances; provided, however, that the Securities may be
subject to restrictions  on transfer under state and/or federal  securities laws
as set forth herein or as otherwise required by such laws at the time a transfer
is proposed.

                                       8
<PAGE>

                  (3) Authorization;  Binding Obligations.  All corporate action
on the part of Markland, its officers,  directors and stockholders necessary for
the  authorization of this Agreement,  the Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the
Sublicense  Agreement  (collectively,   the  "Transaction  Documents")  and  the
performance  of all  obligations  of Markland  hereunder and  thereunder and the
authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Securities pursuant hereto has
been taken prior to the Closing.

                  (4) Title to Properties and Assets;  Liens,  etc. Markland has
good and marketable title to its properties and assets, including the properties
and assets  reflected in the most recent  balance  sheet,  and good title to its
leasehold  estates,  in each case subject to no mortgage,  pledge,  lien, lease,
encumbrance or charge,  other than (a) those resulting from taxes which have not
yet become delinquent,  (b) minor liens and encumbrances which do not materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially  impair the
operations of Markland, and (c) those that have otherwise arisen in the ordinary
course of business. All facilities, machinery, equipment, fixtures, vehicles and
other  properties  owned,  leased  or used  by  Markland  are in good  operating
condition  and repair and are  reasonably  fit and usable for the  purposes  for
which they are being used.

                  (5)  Compliance  with Other  Instruments.  Markland  is not in
violation or default of any term of its Certificate of  Incorporation or Bylaws,
or of any provision of any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,  instrument
or  contract  to which  it is party or by which it is bound or of any  judgment,
decree,  order,  writ or, to its  knowledge,  any  statute,  rule or  regulation
applicable to Markland which would materially and adversely affect the business,
assets,  liabilities,   financial  condition  or  operations  of  Markland.  The
execution,  delivery,  and  performance of and compliance  with the  Transaction
Documents,  the issuance of the Securities and any additional shares of Markland
common stock pursuant  hereto,  will not, with or without the passage of time or
giving of notice, result in any such material violation,  or be in conflict with
or  constitute a default  under any such term,  or result in the creation of any
mortgage,  pledge,  lien,  encumbrance  or charge upon any of the  properties or
assets of Markland or the  suspension,  revocation,  impairment,  forfeiture  or
nonrenewal  of any permit  license,  authorization  or  approval  applicable  to
Markland, its business or operations or any of its assets or properties.

                  (6)  Litigation.  There  is no  action,  suit,  proceeding  or
investigation pending or to Markland's knowledge currently threatened in writing
against Markland that questions the validity of any of the Transaction Documents
or the right of Markland to enter into any of such  agreement,  or to consummate
the transactions  contemplated hereby or thereby, or which might result,  either
individually or in the aggregate,  in any material adverse change in the assets,
condition or affairs of Markland, financially or otherwise, or any change in the
current  equity  ownership of Markland,  nor is Markland aware that there is any
basis for the foregoing.

                  (7) Compliance with Laws; Permits. To its knowledge,  Markland
is not in  violation  of any  applicable  statute,  rule,  regulation,  order or
restriction  of any domestic or foreign  government  or any  instrumentality  or
agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business or the ownership of its
properties  which violation would  materially and adversely affect the business,
assets,   liabilities,   financial  condition  or  operations  of  Markland.  No
governmental  orders,  permissions,  consents,  approvals or authorizations  are
required to be obtained and no  registrations or declarations are required to be
filed in connection  with the  execution and delivery of any of the  Transaction
Documents  and the  issuance  of the  Securities  and any  additional  shares of
Markland  common  stock,  except such as has been duly and  validly  obtained or
filed,  or with respect to any filings  that must be made after the Closing,  as
will be filed in a timely manner. Markland has all franchises, permits, licenses
and any similar authority necessary for the conduct of its business as now being
conducted by it, the lack of which could  materially  and  adversely  affect the
business, properties,  prospects or financial condition of Markland and believes
it can

                                       9
<PAGE>

obtain,  without undue burden or expense,  any similar authority for the conduct
of its business as planned to be conducted.

                  (8) SEC Filings; Financial Statements of Markland.

                      (i)  Markland   has  timely  filed  all  forms,   reports,
statements  and  documents  required to be filed by it with the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") since January 1, 2003  (collectively  together
with any  such  forms,  reports,  statements  and  documents  Markland  may file
subsequent to the date hereof until the Closing, the "Markland  Reports").  Each
Markland  Report  was  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of the
Securities  Act of 1933, as amend,  or the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  as the case may be, and did not at the time it was filed  contain  any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein,  in
the light of the  circumstances  under which they were made, not misleading.  No
subsidiary of Markland is subject to the periodic reporting  requirements of the
Exchange Act or required to file any form, report or other document with the SEC
any stock exchange or any other comparable governmental entity.

                      (ii) Except as is provided in the Markland  Reports,  each
of the consolidated  financial  statements  (including,  in each case, any notes
thereto)  contained in the  Markland  Reports was  prepared in  accordance  with
generally accepted accounting  principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis
throughout  the  periods  indicated  (except  as may be  indicated  in the notes
thereto) and each presented fairly, in all material  respects,  the consolidated
financial position of Markland and the consolidated  subsidiaries of Markland as
at the  respective  dates  thereof  and for  the  respective  periods  indicated
therein,  except as otherwise noted therein  (subject,  in the case of unaudited
statements,  to normal recurring immaterial year-end adjustments and the absence
of notes).

                      (iii)  Except as and to the extent  set forth or  reserved
against on the  consolidated  balance sheet of Markland and the  subsidiaries of
Markland as reported in the Markland Reports,  including the notes thereto, none
of Markland or any subsidiary of Markland has any  liabilities or obligations of
any nature (whether  accrued,  absolute,  contingent or otherwise) that would be
required to be  reflected  on a balance  sheet or in notes  thereto  prepared in
accordance  with GAAP,  except for  liabilities or  obligations  incurred in the
ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice since the date of the
most  recent  Markland  Report  that have not had and could  not  reasonably  be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, assets (including intangible
assets), liabilities, business, operations or results of operations of Markland

9. Indemnification.

         a) ASI Indemnification.  ASI shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Markland against and in respect of any and all claims,  demands,  losses, costs,
expenses,  obligations,  liabilities,  damages,  recoveries,  and  deficiencies,
including  interest,  penalties,  and reasonable  attorneys' fees, that Markland
shall incur or suffer,  that arise,  result from, or relate to any breach of, or
failure by ASI to perform, any of its representations, warranties, covenants, or
agreements in this Agreement or in any schedule, certificate,  exhibit, or other
instrument   furnished  or  to  be  furnished  by  ASI  under  this   Agreement.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  indemnification  obligations  of ASI with
respect to  matters  described  in clause  (i) above  shall be limited in dollar
amount to the amount of the Technology Purchase Price and any additional amounts
paid in cash by Markland to ASI pursuant to this Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>

         b) Markland Indemnification. Markland shall indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless  ASI  against and in respect of any and all  claims,  demands,  losses,
costs,   expenses,   obligations,    liabilities,   damages,   recoveries,   and
deficiencies,  including interest,  penalties,  and reasonable  attorneys' fees,
that ASI shall incur or suffer,  that arise,  result from,  or relate to any (i)
claim that any modifications, improvements or other changes to the Technology or
the Proprietary  Rights made by Markland after Closing or any other technologies
or  inventions   originating  with  Markland  after  the  Closing  infringes  or
misappropriates the intellectual  property rights of any third party or (ii) any
breach  of, or failure  by  Markland  to  perform,  any of its  representations,
warranties,  covenants,  or  agreements  in this  Agreement or in any  schedule,
certificate,  exhibit,  or other  instrument  furnished  or to be  furnished  by
Markland under this Agreement.

         c) A party  entitled  to  indemnification  hereunder  (an  "Indemnified
Party") shall promptly notify the other party hereto (the "Indemnifying  Party")
of the existence of any claim, demand, or other matter to which the Indemnifying
Party's indemnification  obligations would apply, and shall give it a reasonable
opportunity  to defend the same at its own expense  and with  counsel of its own
selection;  provided that the Indemnified Party shall at all times also have the
right  to  fully  participate  in  the  defense  at  its  own  expense.  If  the
Indemnifying  Party shall,  within a reasonable time after this notice,  fail to
defend,  the Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the obligation,  to
undertake  the defense of, and to compromise  or settle  (exercising  reasonable
business judgment), the claim or other matter on behalf, for the account, and at
the risk,  of the  Indemnifying  Party.  If the claim is one that  cannot by its
nature  be  defended  solely  by  the  Indemnifying  Party  (including,  without
limitation,  any federal or state tax  proceeding),  then the Indemnified  Party
shall make available all information and assistance that the Indemnifying  Party
may reasonably request.

10. Miscellaneous Terms.

         a) Each party shall execute and deliver,  from time to time at or after
the date of the  Closing  upon the  request  of the other  party,  such  further
conveyance  instruments,  and take such further actions,  as may be necessary or
desirable to evidence  more fully the  conveyance  of interest in and to all the
Technology  and  Proprietary  Rights  and the  assignment  of the  Contracts  to
Markland,  on  the  part  of the  Markland,  to the  fullest  extent  reasonably
possible. Each party therefore agrees to:

                  (1)  Execute,  acknowledge,  and  deliver  any  affidavits  or
documents  of  assignment  and  conveyance   regarding  the  Technology  or  the
Proprietary Rights;

                  (2)  Provide  testimony  in  connection  with  any  proceeding
affecting  the right,  title,  interest,  or benefit of the  Markland and to the
Technology or the Proprietary Rights; and

                  (3) Perform any other acts  reasonably  necessary to carry out
the intent of this Agreement.

         b) In furtherance  of, but subject to the terms and conditions of, this
Agreement,  ASI hereby  acknowledges that, from and after the Closing,  Markland
will have acquired all of ASI's right, title, and standing to:

                  (1)  Receive  all  rights  and  benefits   pertaining  to  the
Technology and the Proprietary Rights as the sole owner thereof;

                                       11
<PAGE>

                  (2) Institute and prosecute all suits and proceedings and take
all actions that Markland, in its sole discretion,  may deem necessary or proper
to collect,  assert, or enforce any claim,  right or title of any kind in and to
any and all of the Technology and Proprietary Rights;

                  (3) Defend and compromise any and all such actions,  suits, or
proceedings relating to such transferred and assigned rights,  title,  interest,
and benefits,  and do all other such acts and things in relation  thereto as the
Markland, in its sole discretion, deems advisable; and

                  (4) To sell,  assign,  transfer,  modify,  further develop and
license such rights and receive royalties and other payment for such rights.

         c) The  parties  agree that ASI shall pay all costs and fees (legal and
otherwise)  necessary to maintain or prosecute the patents identified in Exhibit
A through the date of the  Closing.  After the Closing,  the parties  agree that
Markland shall pay all such costs and fees thereafter.

         d) ASI agrees that  Markland may retain the services of the law firm of
Thorpe,  North  &Western,   including  specifically  Vaughn  North,  to  act  as
Markland's  patent  counsel  subsequent to the Closing of this  Agreement and as
such ASI hereby waives any potential  conflict of interest that may exist now or
in the future.

         e) Markland  intends to employ Dr. Ted Anderson upon the Closing and to
retain Dr. Igor Alexeff as a part-time consultant.

         f) ASI and  Markland  agree that each party  shall be  responsible  for
their own legal and other fees and costs  relating  to the  preparation  of this
Agreement.  Each party  represents and warrants it has been represented by legal
counsel and that there is no finder or broker involved in this transaction.

         g) This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to the subject  matter  hereof,  and shall  supersede  all previous
communications,  representations, understandings and agreements, whether oral or
written.  This  Agreement  may not be  changed or  modified  except by a written
agreement  signed by both  parties.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and
construed  in  accordance  with  the  laws of the  State  of  Nevada  (excluding
conflicts of law principles). Any action or suit related to this Agreement shall
be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts in Nevada. In case any one
or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or any application thereof
shall be  invalid,  illegal  or  unenforceable  in any  respect,  the  validity,
legality and  enforceability  of the remaining  provisions  contained herein and
other applications thereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby,
and such invalidity shall be construed and limited as narrowly as practicable.

         h) All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of ASI and
Markland in this Agreement shall survive the execution, delivery and performance
of this  Agreement  and the Closing for a period of one (1) year  following  the
Closing.  All  representations  and  warranties  of each party set forth in this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been made again by such party at and as of the
Closing Date.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have  executed  this  Agreement as of the date
first written above.

Markland Technologies, Inc.                        ASI Technology Corporation

                                       12
<PAGE>

By:    /s/  D.R. KINTNER                           By:    /s/ JERRY E. POLIS
   ----------------------                            -----------------------

Name:  D.R. KINTNER                                Name:  JERRY E. POLIS
     ----------------                                   ------------------

Title: CEO                                         Title: PRESIDENT
      ------                                             -----------

                                       13
<PAGE>

                               EXHIBIT A - PATENTS
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT B
              CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION TRANSFERRED
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT C
                              EQUIPMENT TRANSFERRED
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT D
                      TRADEMARKS AND TRADENAMES TRANSFERRED
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT E
                              GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT F
                              SUBLICENSE AGREEMENT
                                    (Omitted)

                                    EXHIBIT G
                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
                                    (Omitted)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
