<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-44.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE ARGOSY
<TEXT>
                                 PROMISSORY NOTE



$U.S.250,000.00.                                          Dated: January  , 2003




     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned,  ARGOSY INTERNATIONAL,  LTD. ("Maker")
hereby  promises to pay to RMS TITANIC,  INC.  ("Payee") or its order the sum of
TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND  ($U.S.250,000.00)  U.S.  DOLLARS.  Said sum shall be
paid one year from the date hereof (the "Maturity  Date") at Payee's  offices in
Atlanta, Georgia, or such other place designated in writing by Payee.

     All  payments  shall  be first  applied  to  interest  and the  balance  to
principal.  This Note may be prepaid,  at any time, in whole or in part, without
penalty. All prepayments shall be applied in reverse order of maturity.

     This Note is subject to an agreement (the  "Settlement  Agreement") of even
date amongst Maker,  Payee,  Danepath Limited and Graham Jessop.  The payment of
this Note is secured by a Stock Pledge Agreement between Maker and Payee of even
date.

     The  obligations  set forth in this Note are secured by certain assets (the
"Collateral") set forth in a security agreement of even date.

     The undersigned  and all other parties to this Note,  whether as endorsers,
guarantors or sureties,  agree to remain fully bound  hereunder  until this Note
shall be fully paid and waiver demand,  presentment  and protest and all notices
hereto  and  further  agree to  remain  bound,  notwithstanding  any  extension,
renewal,  modification,  waiver,  or other  indulgence by any holder or upon the
discharge  or  release of any  obligor  hereunder  or to this Note,  or upon the
exchange,  substitution,  or release of any  collateral  granted as security for
this Note. No  modification  or indulgence by any holder hereof shall be binding
unless  in  writing;  and any  indulgence  on any one  occasion  shall not be an
indulgence  for any  other or future  occasion.  Any  modification  or change of
terms,  hereunder granted by any holder hereof,  shall be valid and binding upon
the undersigned,  notwithstanding the acknowledgment of the undersigned, and the
undersigned does hereby irrevocably grants a power of attorney to enter into any
such  modification  on its  behalf.  The  rights of any holder  hereof  shall be
cumulative  and not  necessarily  successive.  This Note shall take  effect as a
sealed  instrument  and shall be construed,  governed and enforced in accordance
with  the laws of the  state  first  appearing  at the  head of this  Note.  The
undersigned hereby executes this Note as principal and not as surety.


                                                     ARGOSY INTERNATIONAL, LTD.



                                                     By

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
