<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex2-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.4
<TEXT>

<Page>


J. Ronald Trost (JT-4745)
Kelley A. Cornish (KC-0754)
Shalom L. Kohn (SK-2626)
Elizabeth R. McColm (EM-8532)
SIDLEY AUSTIN BROWN & WOOD LLP
787 Seventh Avenue
New York, New York 10019
Telephone: (212) 839-5300

Counsel for Debtors and Debtors-in-Possession

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
<S>                                                                   <C>
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   x
                                                                :     Chapter 11
                                                                :
In re                                                           :     Case Nos. 01-41643 (RLB)
                                                                :     through   01-41680 (RLB)
     THE WARNACO GROUP, INC., et al.,                           :
                              -- ---
                                                                :     (Jointly Administered)
                                    Debtors.                    :
                                                                x
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
</TABLE>


                FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW RE: ORDER
    AND JUDGMENT CONFIRMING THE FIRST AMENDED JOINT PLAN OF REORGANIZATION OF
             THE WARNACO GROUP, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATED DEBTORS AND
                 DEBTORS-IN-POSSESSION UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF TITLE
               11 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE DATED NOVEMBER 8, 2002

         The Warnaco Group, Inc. ("Group"), together with certain of its direct
and indirect subsidiaries, 184 Benton Street Inc., A.B.S. Clothing Collection,
Inc., Abbeville Manufacturing Company, AEI Management Corporation, Authentic
Fitness Corporation, Authentic Fitness On-Line, Inc., Authentic Fitness Products
Inc., Authentic Fitness Retail Inc., Blanche, Inc., CCC Acquisition Corp., CCC
Acquisition Realty Corp., C.F. Hathaway Company, Calvin Klein Jeanswear Company,
CKJ Holdings, Inc., CKJ Sourcing, Inc., Designer Holdings Ltd., Gregory Street,
Inc., Jeanswear Holdings, Inc., Kai Jay Manufacturing Company, Myrtle Avenue,
Inc., Outlet Holdings, Inc., Outlet Stores, Inc., Penhaligon's by Request, Inc.,
Rio






<Page>



Sportswear, Inc., Ubertech Products, Inc., Ventures Ltd., Warmana Limited,
Warnaco Inc., Warnaco International, Inc., Warnaco International, LLC, Warnaco
Men's Sportswear Inc., Warnaco of Canada Company, Warnaco Puerto Rico, Inc.,
Warnaco Sourcing Inc., Warnaco U.S. Inc., Warnaco Ventures Ltd. and Warner's De
Costa Rica Inc., each a debtor and debtor-in-possession herein (collectively,
the "Debtors"), having filed voluntary petitions for relief under the provisions
of chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") on
June 11, 2001 (the "Petition Date"); and the Debtors having filed their First
Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
with this Court on November 9, 2002 (as amended in certain technical respects,
the "Plan"); and the Debtors having filed the Disclosure Statement to Debtors'
First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization with this Court on November 9, 2002
(the "Disclosure Statement"); and the Court having approved the Disclosure
Statement by Order dated November 14, 2002 (the "Disclosure Statement Approval
Order"); and the Court having approved certain Solicitation and Voting
Procedures on the Plan by Order dated November 14, 2002 (the "Voting Procedures
Order"); and the Court having fixed December 27, 2002 as the last date for
voting on the Plan (the "Voting Deadline") and for filing objections to the Plan
(the "Objection Deadline"); and the Court having scheduled a hearing to consider
confirmation of the Plan pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code (the
"Confirmation Hearing") for January 16, 2003; and due notice of the Voting
Deadline, the Objection Deadline and the Confirmation Hearing having been given
to the Debtors' creditors, equity security holders and other parties in interest
in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy
Procedure (the "Bankruptcy Rules"); and the Court having found that the
Disclosure Statement and the Plan were transmitted to all or substantially all
of the Debtors' impaired creditors entitled to vote on the Plan; and upon the
Affidavits of Mailing of Bridget



                                       2






<Page>



Gallerie of Bankruptcy Services, LLC dated November 26, 2002 (Docket No. 1591)
and November 27, 2002 (Docket No. 1594) (together, the "Gallerie Declarations");
and upon the Declaration of Antonio C. Alvarez, II, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Debtors, in Support of Confirmation of the Debtors'
First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization (the "Alvarez Declaration"); and upon
the Declaration of Bruce B. Bingham in Support of Confirmation of the First
Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization of The Warnaco Group, Inc. and Its
Affiliated Debtors and Debtors-in-Possession Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code dated November 8, 2002 (the "Bingham Declaration"); and upon the
Declaration of Cassandra Murray Certifying the Ballots Accepting or Rejecting
the Debtors' First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Dated November 8, 2002
(the "Murray Declaration"); and upon the Affidavit of Publication in Women's
Wear Daily of Notice of Hearing to Consider Confirmation of Debtors' First
Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization of Iman Mohammed (Docket No. 1617) (the
"Mohammed Declaration"); and upon the Affidavit of Publication in The Globe and
Mail of Notice of Hearing to Consider Confirmation of Debtors' First Amended
Plan of Reorganization of Charlotte Young (Docket No. 1619) (the "Young
Declaration"); and upon the Certification of Publication in The New York Times
of Notice of Hearing to Consider Confirmation of Debtors' First Amended Plan of
Reorganization of J. Swiderski (Docket 1618) (the "Swiderski Declaration"); and
upon the Affidavit of Publication in The Wall Street Journal of Notice of
Hearing to Consider Confirmation of Debtors' First Amended Joint Plan of
Reorganization of Gregg Palmer (Docket 1620) (the "Palmer Declaration"); and the
following objections having been filed: (i) the Objection of County of Hays to
Confirmation of Debtors' First Amended Plan of Reorganization, filed on December
13, 2002; (ii) the Limited Objection of Millenium Partners to Debtors' Plan of
Reorganization and Assumption of Lease Based on Insufficient Cure Amount



                                       3






<Page>



set forth in Plan Schedule 3.2 of Debtors' First Amended Joint Plan of
Reorganization, filed on December 24, 2002, (iii) Objections of Pacific
Employers Insurance Company, ACE INA Insurance and ESIS, Inc. to Confirmation of
the Debtors' First Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization, filed on December 26,
2002, (iv) the Objection of General Growth Management, Inc., New Plan Excel
Realty Trust, Inc., Wilmorite Property Management, LCC and The Rouse Company
Affiliates to Debtors' Schedule of Cure Amounts, filed on December 20, 2002 and
(v) the Objection of The Macerich Company and The Forbes Company to Debtors'
Proposed Cure Amounts, filed on December 26, 2002; and all of the foregoing
objections having been resolved by agreement and withdrawn; and the Confirmation
Hearing having been held on January 16, 2003; and upon the record of the
proceedings throughout the Cases, the Confirmation Hearing and the arguments of
counsel made at the Confirmation Hearing; and after due deliberation and
sufficient cause appearing therefor, the Court hereby FINDS and DETERMINES that:

         1. These findings and conclusions set forth herein constitute the
Court's findings of fact and conclusions of law pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule
7052, made applicable to this proceeding pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9014. To
the extent that any finding of fact shall later be determined to be a conclusion
of law it shall be so deemed, and vice versa.

         2. These Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law are being entered
contemporaneously with the Order and Judgment Confirming the First Amended Joint
Plan of Reorganization of The Warnaco Group, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors and
Debtors-in-Possession Under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code
Dated November 8, 2002 and Granting Related Relief (the "Confirmation Order").
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise




                                       4





<Page>




defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Confirmation Order
or the Plan, as applicable.

         3. This Court has jurisdiction over the Plan and Confirmation of the
Plan pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 'SS''SS'157 and 1334. Confirmation of the Plan is a
core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 'SS'157(b)(2)(C). Venue of the Debtors'
chapter 11 cases is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 'SS'1408 and 1409.

         4. This Court takes judicial notice of the docket of the Cases
maintained by the Clerk of the Court and/or its duly appointed agent, including,
without limitation, all pleadings and other documents filed, all orders entered,
and all evidence and arguments made, proffered or adduced at, the hearings held
before the Court during the pendency of the Cases, including, without
limitation, the hearing to consider the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement.

         5. In accordance with applicable sections of the Bankruptcy Code and
the Bankruptcy Rules, including, but not limited to, Bankruptcy Rules 2002, 3017
and 3020, due notice of the Confirmation Hearing and the opportunity to object
to confirmation of the Plan was given to the Debtors' creditors, equity security
holders and other parties-in-interest.

         6. In accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) and the Disclosure
Statement Approval Order, and as set forth in the Murray Declaration, copies of
the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Disclosure Statement Approval Order, the
Voting Procedures Order, a Ballot or Ballots for voting on the Plan and a Notice
of Hearing to Consider Confirmation of the Plan (the "Confirmation Hearing
Notice" and, together with the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, the Disclosure
Statement Approval Order and the applicable Ballot(s), the "Solicitation
Packages") were transmitted to holders of Claims in Classes 2, 5 and 6 under the
Plan (collectively, the "Voting Classes").



                                       5




<Page>




         7. In accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) and the Disclosure
Statement Approval Order, and as set forth in the Gallerie Declarations, a copy
of the Confirmation Hearing Notice was transmitted to holders of Claims and
Interests in Classes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 under the Plan and to all other
parties-in-interest.

         8. In accordance with Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) and the Disclosure
Statement Approval Order, and as set forth in the respective Young Declaration,
Mohammed Declaration, Swiderski Declaration and Palmer Declaration, the Debtors
published a form of notice concerning the Confirmation Hearing, the Voting
Deadline and the Objection Deadline in The Wall Street Journal (global edition),
The Globe and Mail (Canada-National Edition), Women's Wear Daily and The New
York Times (National Edition) in each case on November 25, 2002.

         9. Votes for acceptance or rejection of the Plan were solicited in good
faith and in compliance with sections 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code,
Bankruptcy Rules 3017 and 3018, the applicable provisions of the Disclosure
Statement, the Disclosure Statement Approval Order, the Voting Procedures Order,
all other applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable
rules, laws and regulations.

         10. All procedures used to distribute to the applicable holders of
Claims, and to tabulate, the Ballots, as set forth in the Murray Declaration,
were fair and appropriate and conducted in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code,
the Bankruptcy Rules, the local rules of this Court, the Disclosure Statement
Approval Order, the Voting Procedures Order and all other applicable rules, laws
and regulations.

         11. The Debtors, as proponents of the Plan, have met their burden of
proving the elements of sections 1129(a) and (b) of the Bankruptcy Code as more
fully set forth below,



                                       6




<Page>



by a preponderance of the evidence, which is the applicable evidentiary standard
in this Court for Confirmation of the Plan.

         12. The Plan complies with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy
Code, as required by section 1129(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code.

         13. Pursuant to sections 1122(a) and 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code,
Article II of the Plan designates separate classes of Claims and Interests, each
of which contains only Claims and Interests that are substantially similar to
the other Claims or Interests within that Class. Valid business, factual and
legal reasons exist for separately classifying the various classes of Claims and
Interests contained in the Plan, and such Classes do not unfairly discriminate
among holders of Claims or Interests. Pursuant to sections 1123(a)(2) and
1123(a)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code, Article II of the Plan identifies each Class
that is impaired and each Class that is unimpaired under the Plan, and specifies
the treatment provided to each Class. Pursuant to section 1123(a)(4) of the
Bankruptcy Code, Article II of the Plan provides for the same treatment of each
Claim or Interest in a particular class.

         14. Pursuant to section 1123(a)(5) of the Bankruptcy Code, Article V
and other provisions of the Plan and the Confirmation Order provide adequate
means for the Plan's implementation.

         15. In accordance with section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code,
Section 5.5. of the Plan provides that on the Effective Date, each of the
Reorganized Debtors will have adopted its respective Amended Certificate of
Incorporation, which will comply in all respects with section 1123(a)(6) of the
Bankruptcy Code including, without limitation, the prohibition of the issuance
of non-voting securities to the extent required by section 1123(a)(6).



                                       7




<Page>




         16. In accordance with section 1123(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Plan's provisions with respect to the selection of post-Effective Date officers
and directors of the Reorganized Debtors set forth on Schedule 5.6. to the Plan,
as amended on January 14, 2003 ("Plan Schedule 5.6"), are consistent with the
interests of the holders of Claims against and Interests in the Debtors, and
with public policy.

         17. The Plan is dated and identifies the entities submitting it,
thereby satisfying Bankruptcy Rule 3016(a).

         18. In accordance with section 1123(b)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Plan does not include any provision inconsistent with the applicable provisions
of the Bankruptcy Code. The provisions of the Plan are appropriate and
consistent with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code including,
without limitation, provisions for (a) distributions to Creditors, (b) the
rejection or assumption of certain executory contracts and unexpired leases,
including, without limitation, those listed on Plan Schedules 3.1 and 3.2 as of
the Confirmation Hearing, (c) the retention of, and right to enforce, sue on,
settle or compromise (or to refuse to do any of the foregoing with respect to)
certain claims or causes of action against third parties, to the extent not
waived or released under the Plan, including, without limitation, those listed
on Plan Schedule 7.6, (d) the creation of a Post-Effective Date Committee
pursuant to Section 5.2. of the Plan, and (e) the transactions contemplated
pursuant to Section 5.4. of the Plan.

         19. Claims in Classes 1, 3 and 4 are unimpaired under the Plan and,
pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code, the votes of such holders
have not been solicited as such Classes are conclusively presumed to have
accepted the Plan.



                                       8




<Page>




         20. Claims in Classes 2, 5 and 6 are impaired under, and entitled to
vote on, the Plan.

         21. In accordance with section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and as
set forth in the Murray Declaration, Class 2 has voted to accept the Plan, in
that 100% in amount and 100% in number of the Claims in such Class that actually
voted on the Plan have voted to accept the Plan.

         22. In accordance with section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and as
set forth in the Murray Declaration, Class 5 has voted to accept the Plan, in
that 98.41% in amount and 88.22% in number of the Claims in such Class that
actually voted on the Plan have voted to accept the Plan.

         23. In accordance with section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and as
set forth in the Murray Declaration, Class 6 has voted to accept the Plan, in
that 99.87% in amount and 98.84% in number of the Claims in such Class that
actually voted on the Plan have voted to accept the Plan.

         24. Claims in Class 7 are impaired under the Plan, are not receiving or
retaining any property under the Plan and, pursuant to section 1126(g) of the
Bankruptcy Code, the votes of such Class were not solicited as such Class is
deemed not to have accepted the Plan.

         25. Claims in Class 8 are impaired under the Plan, are not receiving or
retaining any property under the Plan and, pursuant to section 1126(g) of the
Bankruptcy Code, the votes of such Class were not solicited as such Class is
deemed not to have accepted the Plan.



                                       9




<Page>




         26. The Debtors, as proponents of the Plan, have complied with the
applicable provisions of title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as required by section
1129(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code. Specifically, the Debtors are proper debtors
under section 109 of the Bankruptcy Code and proper proponents of the Plan under
section 1121(a) of the Bankruptcy Code. Throughout the Cases and, specifically,
in transmitting the Solicitation Packages and the Confirmation Hearing Notice,
and in soliciting and tabulating votes on the Plan, the Debtors have complied
with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the Bankruptcy Rules,
including as provided or permitted by Orders of this Court.

         27. The Plan has been proposed in good faith and not by any means
forbidden by law, in compliance with section 1129(a)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code.
In determining that the Plan has been proposed in good faith, this Court has
examined the totality of the circumstances surrounding the filing of the Cases.
The Cases were filed, and the Plan was proposed, with the legitimate and honest
purposes of reorganizing the Debtors' ongoing business, maximizing the value of
the Debtors' estates to provide the maximum recovery to Claim holders under the
circumstances, and preserving jobs of the Reorganized Debtors' employees in
connection with the Debtors' post-reorganization operations.

         28. The Debtors, the Debt Coordinators for the Pre-Petition Secured
Lenders, the Steering Committee for the Pre-Petition Secured Lenders, the
Creditors' Committee, each of the members of each such committee in its capacity
as an individual creditor of the Debtors and its capacity as a member of each
such committee, and each of the respective present or former members, officers,
directors, employees, affiliates, attorneys, investment bankers, restructuring
consultants and financial advisors of the foregoing, has acted in good faith, as
applicable, in connection with the management and operation of the Debtors and
the formulation, negotiation,



                                       10





<Page>



proposal and implementation of the Plan and every contract, instrument, document
or other agreement related thereto.

         29. In compliance with section 1129(a)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code, all
payments made or to be made by the Debtors or by any person issuing securities
or acquiring property under the Plan for services or for costs and expenses in
or in connection with the Cases, or in connection with the Plan and incident to
the Cases prior to the Confirmation Date, have been approved by an order of the
Court or are subject to the approval of the Court as reasonable.

         30. In compliance with sections 1129(a)(5)(A)(i) and (ii) of the
Bankruptcy Code, the identity, affiliations and compensation of the persons
proposed to serve as directors or officers of the Reorganized Debtors on the
Effective Date have been fully disclosed on Plan Schedule 5.6 and the
appointment to, or continuance in, such offices by such persons is consistent
with the interests of the Debtors' creditors and equity security holders and
with public policy.

         31. In accordance with section 1129(a)(5)(B) of the Bankruptcy Code,
the Debtors have disclosed the identities of any insiders to be retained by the
Reorganized Debtors and the nature of compensation for such insiders on Plan
Schedule 5.6.

         32. The Plan does not provide for any change in rates over which a
governmental regulatory commission has jurisdiction. Accordingly, section
1129(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code is inapplicable to the Plan.

         33. The Plan complies with section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code,
in that each holder of a Claim against or Interest in the Debtors that is
impaired under the Plan has



                                       11




<Page>




accepted or is deemed to have accepted the Plan, or will receive or retain under
the Plan property of a value, as of the Effective Date, that is not less than
the amount that such holder would receive or retain if the Debtors were
liquidated under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code on such date. The liquidation
analysis attached as Exhibit A to the Alvarez Declaration, the relevant
discussion in the Alvarez Declaration and the evidence adduced at the
Confirmation Hearing (a) are persuasive and credible as of the dates such
evidence was prepared, presented or proffered, (b) either have not been
controverted by other persuasive evidence or have not been challenged, (c) are
based upon reasonable and sound assumptions and (d) provide a reasonable
estimate of the liquidation value of the Debtors upon conversion to a chapter 7
proceeding.

         34. The Plan complies with section 1129(a)(9)(A) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Except to the extent that the Plan expressly provides for a different
treatment or holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim has agreed to a different
treatment of such Claim, the Plan provides that each holder of an Allowed
Administrative Claim shall be paid in full in Cash (a) at the sole option of the
Debtors (before the Effective Date) or the Reorganized Debtors (on or after the
Effective Date) (i) in the ordinary course of business as the Claim becomes due
and owing, or (ii) on the Initial Distribution Date, or (b) on such other date
as the Bankruptcy Court may order.

         35. The Plan complies with section 1129(a)(9)(B) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Except to the extent that the holder of any Allowed Priority Non-Tax Claim
entitled to priority pursuant to sections 507(a)(3), (a)(4) or (a)(6) of the
Bankruptcy Code has agreed to a different treatment of such Claim, the Plan
provides that the holder of such Claim will be paid in full in Cash on the later
of the Initial Distribution Date and a date as soon as practicable after a the
date upon which such Claim becomes an Allowed Priority Non-Tax Claim.



                                       12




<Page>




         36. The Plan complies with section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Except to the extent that the holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim has
agreed to a different treatment of such Claim, the Plan provides that each
holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim will receive, on the Initial
Distribution Date, at the Reorganized Debtors' option, either (a) Cash equal to
the amount of such Allowed Priority Tax Claim or (b) Cash in six equal annual
installments, together with interest thereon at the legal rate required for such
Claims in chapter 11 cases, which interest shall be paid annually in arrears
pursuant to section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Code.

         37. The Plan has been accepted by impaired Classes 2, 5 and 6, and,
therefore, the Plan has been accepted by at least one class of Impaired Claims
entitled to vote on the Plan, determined without including any acceptance of the
Plan by any insider, in compliance with section 1129(a)(10) of the Bankruptcy
Code.

         38. The Plan complies with section 1129(a)(11) of the Bankruptcy Code,
in that confirmation of the Plan is not likely to be followed by the
liquidation, or the need for further financial reorganization, of the Debtors or
the Reorganized Debtors. The projections attached as Exhibit B to the Alvarez
Declaration, together with the relevant discussion in the Alvarez Declaration
and the evidence adduced at the Confirmation Hearing, show that after the
Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors should have adequate capital to meet
their ongoing obligations and will be under the control of competent management.

         39. The Plan provides for the payment of all fees payable pursuant to
section 1930 of title 28 of the United States Code on or before the Effective
Date, in compliance with



                                       13




<Page>



section 1129(a)(12) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Plan further provides that all
such fees payable after the Effective Date will be assumed and paid by the
Reorganized Debtors.

         40. The Reorganized Debtors are not obligated to pay any retiree
benefits as defined in section 1114 of the Bankruptcy Code. Section 1129(a)(13)
of the Bankruptcy Code is therefore inapplicable to the Plan.

         41. The Plan complies with section 1129(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code,
in that the Plan does not discriminate unfairly and is fair and equitable with
respect to each Class of Claims and Interests that is impaired under, and has
not accepted, the Plan. In particular, the Plan is fair and equitable with
respect to Class 8. Class 8 will receive no distribution under the Plan, and
there are no holders of Claims or Interests junior to Class 8. Moreover, each of
Classes 2, 5 and 6, which are senior to Class 8, are receiving distributions
less than the full amount of their Claims, and no Class senior to Class 8 is
receiving more than full payment on account of their Claims.

         42. The Plan satisfies section 1129(d) of the Bankruptcy Code, in that
the principal purpose of the Plan is not the avoidance of taxes or the avoidance
of application of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 'SS'77e).

         43. In connection with the assumption of the executory contracts and
unexpired leases pursuant to Section 3.2. of the Plan, including, without
limitation, those listed on Plan Schedule 3.2 (the "Assumed Contracts and
Leases") as of the Confirmation Hearing, the Plan completely satisfies all
requirements for the assumption of the Assumed Contracts and Leases contained in
the Bankruptcy Code, including, without limitation, the requirement to cure



                                       14




<Page>



all outstanding defaults, if any, and to provide adequate assurance of future
performance under the Assumed Contracts and Leases.

         44. All releases and limitations of liability as to claims and causes
of action that are embodied in the Plan, including those third-party releases in
favor of non-Debtor persons and entities set forth in Section 7.5.(C) of the
Plan that voluntarily were granted by creditors pursuant to the Ballots
distributed in connection with soliciting votes to accept or reject the Plan,
are appropriate under the circumstances and in the best interests of the Debtors
and their estates.

         45. As contemplated by the Plan, the Ballots provided to each impaired
Creditor voting on the Plan the opportunity not to release their claims and
causes of action against non-Debtor persons.

         46. The Plan satisfies section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code, in that
the Debtors and their agents, representatives, attorneys and advisors have
solicited votes on the Plan in good faith and in compliance with the applicable
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the Voting
Procedures Order. The Debtors and their agents, representatives, attorneys and
advisors therefore are entitled to the protections of section 1125(e) of the
Bankruptcy Code and the limitations of liability set forth in Section 7.4. of
the Plan.

         47. The facts set forth in paragraphs 27-29 of the Alvarez Declaration
supporting the substantive consolidation of all of the Debtors for purposes of
voting on, and of receiving distributions pursuant to, the Plan are persuasive
and credible, have not been controverted by other persuasive evidence and have
not been challenged, and provide an adequate basis for the substantive
consolidation of all of the Debtors as provided in the Plan.



                                       15




<Page>




         48. The technical modifications to the Plan set forth in decretal
paragraph B of the Confirmation Order and the amendments to the Schedules and
Exhibits to the Plan filed after the Voting Deadline do not materially or
adversely affect or change the treatment of any Claim or Interest. Accordingly,
pursuant to Rule 3019 of the Bankruptcy Rules, these modifications and
amendments do not require additional disclosure under section 1125 of the
Bankruptcy Code or the resolicitation of acceptances or rejections under section
1126 of the Bankruptcy Code (except as have been obtained in writing), nor do
they require that holders of Claims or Interests be afforded an opportunity to
change previously cast acceptances or rejections of the Plan as filed with the
Court.

         49. The record of the Confirmation Hearing and the Cases is sufficient
to support the releases, exculpations and injunctions provided for in Article
VII of the Plan.

         50. The Court may properly retain jurisdiction over the matters set
forth in Article VIII of the Plan.

         51. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 and in consideration for the
distributions and other benefits provided under the Plan, the provisions of the
Plan constitute a good faith compromise and settlement of all claims or
controversies relating to the enforcement or termination of all contractual,
legal and equitable subordination and turnover rights that a holder of a Claim
or Interest or the Debtors may have with respect to any Allowed Claim or
Interest, or any distribution to be made pursuant to the Plan on account of such
Claim.



                                       16




<Page>




         52. No further action of this Court or the respective directors or
shareholders of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors will be required to
authorize the Reorganized Debtors to enter into, execute and deliver, or adopt,
as the case may be, the documents necessary to implement the provisions of the
Plan.

Dated:     New York, New York
           January 16, 2003

                                        /s/ Richard L. Bohanon
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                        The Honorable Richard L. Bohanon
                                        United States Bankruptcy Judge




                                       17


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
