<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(Y)
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>c75354exv10wxyy.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(Y) EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(y)

                      CERNER CORPORATION EXECUTIVE DEFERRED
                                COMPENSATION PLAN


                                    ARTICLE I

                        ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE OF PLAN

          1.1 PLAN ESTABLISHMENT. Cerner Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
hereby establishes the Cerner Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
effective August 1, 1999.


          1.2 PURPOSE OF PLAN. The purpose of the Cerner Corporation Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan is to provide deferred compensation benefits to
certain Associates of Cerner Corporation who are members of a select group of
management or highly compensated Associates.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   DEFINITIONS

          2.01 ACCOUNT shall mean a memorandum account maintained by the Company
for bookkeeping purposes only, to which is credited or debited, as appropriate,
the amount of an Executive's Deferral Contributions, Company Contributions (if
any), Investment Return, forfeitures, and distributions.

          2.02 ASSOCIATE shall mean an Associate of the Company.

          2.03 CODE shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as from time to
time amended.

          2.04 COMMITTEE shall mean the Committee selected by the Company to be
responsible for administering and interpreting the Plan as provided in Article
X.

          2.05 COMPANY shall mean Cerner Corporation.

          2.06 COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS shall mean Performance Contributions (if
any), Discretionary Contributions (if any) and Matching Contributions (if any).

          2.07 COMPENSATION shall mean the total salary, bonus and commissions
payable to an Executive by the Company in a given Year. Compensation shall
include Deferral Contributions under the Plan and shall include salary deferral
contributions made to a retirement plan of the Employer intended to qualify
under Section 401(k) of the Code.


<PAGE>

          2.08 DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTION shall mean the amount credited to an
Executive's Account for a particular Year pursuant to the voluntary deferral
election of the Executive.

          2.09 DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY shall mean the individual, individuals,
trust or estate identified by an Executive to receive any benefits payable
hereunder on account of the death of the Executive. Each such designation shall
revoke any prior designation executed by the Executive. If no beneficiary is
effectively designated, then the Designated Beneficiary shall be the Executive's
surviving spouse, but if there is no surviving spouse then the Designated
Beneficiary shall be the personal representatives of the Executive's estate.

          2.10 DISCRETIONARY CONTRIBUTION shall mean the amount, if any,
allocated by the Company to an Executive's Account pursuant to Section 5.2.

          2.11 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 as from time to time amended.

          2.12 EXECUTIVE shall mean an Associate who satisfies the requirements
for participation in the Plan under Article III and for whom an Account is
maintained.

          2.13 INVESTMENT ELECTION shall mean the election made by the Executive
from time to time as provided in Article VI which shall be used for purposes of
the crediting or debiting, as applicable, of the Investment Return to the
Executive's Account.

          2.14 INVESTMENT RETURN shall mean the hypothetical investment return,
which may include earnings and losses, on the amounts credited to an Executive's
Account as determined under Article VI.

          2.15 MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS shall mean the amount allocated to an
Executive's Account pursuant to Section 5.1.

          2.16 PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT shall mean an agreement executed by an
Executive by which the Executive acknowledges acceptance of the terms and
conditions of the Plan.

          2.17 PERFORMANCE CONTRIBUTION shall mean the amount, if any, allocated
to an Executive's Account pursuant to Section 5.3.

          2.18 PERMANENT DISABILITY shall mean an Executive's inability to
perform or engage in the primary functions of his or her position with the
Company by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
that the Committee determines is likely to be permanent.

          2.19 PLAN shall mean the Cerner Corporation Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan as contained herein and as from time to time amended.


<PAGE>

          2.20 UNFORESEEABLE EMERGENCY shall mean a severe financial hardship to
the Executive resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the
Executive or a dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the code) of the
Executive, loss of the Executive's property due to casualty, or other similar
extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events
beyond the control of the Executive.

          2.21 YEAR shall mean the calendar year; provided, however, that the
initial Year of the Plan shall be a period which begins upon the effective date
of the Plan and ends the next following December 31.

                                  ARTICLE III

                                 PARTICIPATION

          3.1 DESIGNATION BY COMPANY. Prior to the first day of each Year the
Company shall designate certain Associates as eligible Executives to make
Deferral Contributions hereunder for such Year; provided, however, that if an
Associate becomes employed by the Company after the first day of a Year or
receives a promotion after the first day of the year such that the Associate
meets the criteria set forth in Section 3.2, then the Company may designate such
Associate as an Executive eligible to make Deferral Contributions hereunder at
any time during such Year. In addition, at any time the Company determines to
make Company Contributions hereunder, the Company shall designate certain
Associates as Executives eligible for allocations of specific types of such
Company Contributions.

          3.2 CRITERIA FOR DESIGNATION. An Associate must be a member of a
select group of management or highly compensated Associates within the meaning
of ERISA as determined by the Company in order to be designated by the Company
as an Executive eligible to make Deferral Contributions under the Plan or as an
Executive eligible for allocation of any Company Contributions under the Plan.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                             DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTIONS

          4.1 TIME OF ELECTION. An Executive's election to make Deferral
Contributions with respect to services performed in a particular Year must be
made prior to the first day of such Year; provided, however, that if an
Associate not previously eligible to make Deferral Contributions is designated
during a Year as eligible to make Deferral Contributions for such Year then such
Associate's election to make Deferral Contributions must be made within 30 days
after the Associate is designated as an eligible Executive by the Company. An
eligible Executive must make a new election with respect to each Year for which
the Executive elects to make Deferral Contributions.

          4.2 METHOD OF ELECTION. An election by an Executive to make Deferral
Contributions hereunder shall be made in writing on a form furnished by the
Committee and


<PAGE>

shall be delivered to the Committee prior to the first day of the Year for which
the election is made, or, in the case of an Executive who becomes eligible to
make Deferral Contributions during the Year, prior to the day such election is
first effective.

          4.3 CHANGE OR TERMINATION OF ELECTION. Once an election for Deferral
Contributions is made hereunder for a particular Year, the Executive cannot
change the election to a greater or lesser amount during such Year nor can the
Executive terminate the election for a particular Year at any time during such
Year; provided, however, the Committee may permit the Executive to terminate
during a Year the Executive's election to make Deferral Contributions if the
Committee determines that the Executive has an Unforeseeable Emergency resulting
in a financial need that can be met by the termination of Deferral
Contributions.

          4.4 MANDATORY TERMINATION OF DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTIONS. If a distribution
is made to an Executive on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency as provided in
Section 8.3, then the Executive's current election (if any) to make Deferral
Contributions shall terminate at the time of such distribution, and the
Executive may make no Deferral Contributions for the duration of the Year in
which such distribution is made.

                                    ARTICLE V

                              COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS

          5.1 COMPANY MATCHING CONTRIBUTION. The Company may in its sole and
absolute discretion direct the Committee to allocate a contribution from time to
time to the Accounts of those Executives who have made Deferral Contributions
during the applicable period. The amount of any such Matching Contribution, and
the applicable period for which it is allocated, shall be determined by the
Company in its sole and absolute discretion.

          5.2 COMPANY DISCRETIONARY CONTRIBUTION. The Company may in its sole
and absolute discretion direct the Committee to allocate a contribution from
time to time in any amount or amounts it determines to the Account of any
Executive. The amount of any such Discretionary Contribution allocated to the
Account of any particular Executive, and the Executive or Executives to whose
accounts such allocations are made, shall be determined by the Company in its
sole and absolute discretion, and need not be uniform for all Executives.

          5.3 COMPANY PERFORMANCE CONTRIBUTION . The Company may in its sole and
absolute discretion direct the Committee to allocate a Performance Contribution
in such amount as the Company determines in its sole and absolute discretion to
the Account of any Executive.


<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                INVESTMENT RETURN

          6.1 ADJUSTMENTS TO ACCOUNT. An Executive's Account shall be adjusted
as of the last day of each Year to reflect the Investment Return applicable to
the Executive's Account for such Year as determined by the Company. Such
adjustment may be a net credit to the Executive's Account, in the case of net
investment gain, or a net debit to the Executive's Account, in the case of net
investment loss. In addition to the annual adjustment hereunder, the Executive's
Account shall be adjusted at such other time or times as the Company may
determine.

          6.2 DETERMINATION OF INVESTMENT RETURN. The amount of the applicable
Investment Return shall be determined based upon the Executive's Investment
Election; provided, however, that the Investment Return applicable to Company
Contributions (if any) shall be determined as if all Company Contributions are
invested in common stock of the Company.

          6.3 INVESTMENT ELECTION. An Executive's Investment Election shall be
an election by the Executive among certain investment options designated from
time to time by the Company which investment options shall include common stock
of the Company. The Executive's Investment Election will be used solely for
purposes of determining the Investment Return applicable to the Executive's
Account and does not give the Executive any right to receive any particular
asset. The Executive's Investment Election shall be in whole percentages among
one or more of the investment options, and shall be made on a form furnished by
the Committee. An Executive may complete a new Investment Election form at any
time. The Executive's Investment Election form shall be effective prospectively
only and only after it is received by the Committee.



                                   ARTICLE VII

                                     VESTING

          7.1 DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTIONS. An Executive shall be fully vested at all
times in the amount of Deferral Contributions credited to the Executive's
Account subject to any adjustments for Investment Return.

          7.2 MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS AND DISCRETIONARY CONTRIBUTIONS. Subject to
the provisions of Section 7.4 and Section 7.5, the Matching Contribution, if
any, allocated to an Executive's Account in a given Year, and the Discretionary
Contribution, if any, allocated to an Executive's Account in a given Year, as
adjusted for Investment Return applicable to each such particular contribution
for a particular Year shall vest from the initial date of allocation to the
Executive's Account in accordance with the following schedule:

<Table>
<Caption>
       NUMBER OF FULL YEARS AFTER YEAR OF ALLOCATION                      CUMULATIVE PERCENTAGE VESTED
<S>                                                                       <C>
                           1                                                            20%
                           2                                                            40%
                           3                                                            60%
                           4                                                            80%
                           5                                                           100%
</Table>


<PAGE>

          7.3 PERFORMANCE CONTRIBUTIONS. Subject to the provisions of Section
7.4 and Section 7.5, the Performance Contribution, if any, allocated to an
Executive's Account in a given Year, as adjusted for Investment Return
applicable thereto, shall vest from the initial date of allocation to the
Executive's Account in accordance with the following schedule:


<Table>
<Caption>
NUMBER OF FULL YEARS AFTER YEAR OF ALLOCATION                             CUMULATIVE PERCENTAGE VESTED
<S>                                                                       <C>
                           1                                                             0%
                           2                                                             0%
                           3                                                           100%
</Table>

          7.4 FORFEITURE UPON BREACH OF AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding the
provisions of Section 7.2 and Section 7.3, if the Committee determines that an
Executive has breached the provisions of the employment agreement between the
Executive and the Company (including, but not limited to, provisions regarding
confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation), then all Company
Contributions allocated to the Executive's Account and the Investment Return
applicable to such Company Contributions shall be forfeited in full immediately
upon such determination of breach effective as of the date of such breach.

          7.5 FULL VESTING UPON DEATH. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section
7.2 and Section 7.3, if an Executive dies while employed by the Company then the
entire amount of the Executive's Account at the time of the Executive's death
and thereafter shall be fully vested.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  DISTRIBUTIONS

          8.1 METHOD OF PAYMENT. The method of payment to an Executive shall be
either a lump sum cash distribution or 10 annual installments. The Executive
shall elect a method of payment upon commencement of participation in the Plan.
The Executive may change such election at the time the Executive makes a new
voluntary deferral election, but any such change shall apply only to Deferral
Contributions and Company Contributions thereafter made and the Investment
Return applicable to such contributions.

          8.2 TIME OF PAYMENT. Payment of an Executive's benefit with respect to
the Executive's Deferral Contributions and the Investment Return applicable to
such contributions shall be made (in the case of a lump sum payment) or shall
commence (in the case of installment payments) at the time elected by the
Executive at the time the Executive elects to make such Deferral Contributions;
provided, however, in no event shall such payment with respect to any Deferral
Contributions and the Investment Return applicable to such contributions be made
or commence earlier than the first to occur of (a) three years after the date of
the Executive's election to make such Deferral Contributions, or (b) the
Executive's termination of employment with the Company. Payment of an
Executive's vested benefit with respect to Company Contributions (if any) and
the Investment Return applicable to such contributions shall be made



<PAGE>

(in the case of a lump sum payment) or shall commence (in the case of
installment payments) as soon as practicable after the last day of the Year
which is the second Year following the Year of the Executive's termination of
employment. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 8.2, if an
Executive terminates employment with the Company on account of death or
Permanent Disability, then payment of the Executive's vested benefit shall be
made (in the case of a lump sum payment) or shall commence (in the case of
installment payments) as soon as practicable following the Company's
determination of the Executive's disability or death.

          8.3 DISTRIBUTION ON ACCOUNT OF UNFORESEEABLE EMERGENCY.
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Article VIII, if the Committee
determines that the Executive has an Unforeseeable Emergency, then upon the
Executive's request the Committee may determine that such percentage of the
Executive's vested benefit as the Committee determines is necessary to satisfy
such Unforeseeable Emergency shall be distributed to the Executive.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                               DEATH OF EXECUTIVE

          In the event of the Executive's death prior to distribution to the
Executive of the Executive's benefits hereunder, or prior to the completion of
the distribution of such benefits to the Executive if distribution has commenced
but has not been completed as of the date of the Executive's death, then the
amount to be distributed to the Executive, or the remaining amount to be
distributed to the Executive if distribution to the Executive has commenced,
shall instead be distributed in a lump sum to the Executive's Designated
Beneficiary.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                 ADMINISTRATION

          10.1 COMMITTEE AUTHORITY. The Committee shall have the sole and
absolute discretion to interpret the Plan and administer the Plan in accordance
with such interpretations and any such interpretations shall be binding upon all
interested persons. The Committee shall be authorized to establish rules and
procedures as it deems advisable or necessary for the administration of the
Plan. All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive, and binding
upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. In the administration of the
Plan, the Committee may, from time to time, (i) delegate its duties, (ii) employ
agents and delegate to them such duties as it sees fit, and (iii) consult with
legal counsel, who may be legal counsel to the Company.

          10.2 CLAIMS PROCEDURE. If an Executive believes that the Executive is
being denied a benefit which the Executive is entitled under the Plan, the
Executive may file a written request for such benefit with the Committee (in
care of the Company at its principal place of business) setting forth the
Executive's claim. Upon receipt of a claim, the Committee shall advise the
Executive that a reply will be forthcoming within ninety (90) days and shall
deliver



<PAGE>

such reply within such period, unless the Committee extends the reply period for
an additional ninety (90) days for reasonable cause. If the claim is denied in
whole or in part, the Committee shall so advise the Executive in writing setting
forth: (i) the specific reason or reasons for such denial; (ii) the specific
reference to pertinent provisions of the Plan on which such denial is based;
(iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the
Executive to perfect the claim and an explanation why such material or such
information is necessary; and (iv) appropriate information as to the steps to be
taken if the Executive wishes to submit the claim for review. Any request for
review must be submitted in writing by the Executive to the Committee (in care
of the Company at its principal place of business) within sixty (60) days after
the receipt by the Executive of the denial of the Executive's claim. The
Executive or the Executive's duly authorized representative may, but need not,
review the pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing for
consideration by the Committee. If the Executive does not request a review of
the Committee's determination within such sixty (60) day period, the Executive
shall be barred and estopped from challenging the Committee's determination.
Within sixty (60) days after the Committee's receipt of a request for review, it
will review the determination. After considering all materials presented by the
Executive, the Committee will render a written opinion, written in a manner
calculated to be understood by the Executive, setting forth the specific reasons
for the decision and containing specific references to the pertinent provisions
of this Plan on which the decision is based. If special circumstances require
that the sixty (60) day time period be extended, the Committee will so notify
the Executive and will render the decision as soon as possible, but no later
than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

          11.1 STATUS OF EXECUTIVES. Executives have the status of general
unsecured creditors of the Company and the Plan constitutes only a promise by
the Company to make benefit payments in the future. Each Executive shall be
required to sign the Participation Agreement consenting to the provisions of the
Plan.

          11.2 NON-ALIENATION OF EXECUTIVE'S BENEFITS. Except as required by
law, no benefit under this Plan shall be subject in any manner to alienation by
anticipation, sale, transfer, assignment, bankruptcy, pledge, attachment, charge
or encumbrance of any kind, nor shall any benefit under this Plan be subject in
any manner to the debts or liabilities of any person, and any attempt to so
alienate or subject any such benefit at any time shall be void.

          11.3 EMPLOYMENT. The adoption of the Plan does not give any person any
right to be retained in the employ of the Company, and no rights granted under
the Plan shall be construed as creating a contract of employment. The right and
power of the Company to dismiss or discharge any person is expressly reserved.

          11.4 NO TRUST RELATIONSHIP. Nothing contained herein and no actions
taken pursuant to the Plan shall create or be construed to create a trust of any
kind or a fiduciary



<PAGE>

relationship between the Company and any Executive. Neither the Company nor the
Committee shall be considered a trustee by reason of the Plan.

          11.5 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION. The Company can amend or terminate the
Plan at any time in its sole discretion; provided, however, no amendment or
termination of the Plan shall affect the rights of any Executive to benefits
accrued under the Plan at the time of such amendment or termination (though
unless otherwise provided all such benefits shall continue to be subject to the
provisions of Article VII).

          11.6 CONSTRUCTION OF PLAN. The Plan shall be construed so that an
Executive shall not be deemed to be in constructive receipt or have any economic
benefit with respect to any Compensation deferred under the Plan until such
Compensation is paid to the Executive and this Plan shall not be deemed to be
funded within the meaning of ERISA.

          11.7 WITHHOLDING OF TAXES. The Company shall cause taxes to be
withheld with respect to Compensation deferred hereunder as required by law and
the Company shall cause taxes to be withheld from amounts distributed hereunder
as required by law.

          11.8 INDEMNITY OF COMPANY. The Company indemnifies and holds harmless
each member of the Committee from and against any and all losses resulting from
such member's actions in such member's official capacity in the administration
of the Plan.

          11.9 GOVERNING LAW. The provisions of the Plan, except where otherwise
required by law, shall be governed, construed, enforced, and administered in
accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri.

          11.10 HEADINGS. The headings in the Plan have been inserted for
convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the Plan.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Plan is hereby executed as of the ____ day of
__________, 1999, by a duly authorized officer of the Company.



                                        CERNER CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Title:
                                                 ------------------------------


ATTEST:



Title:
      -----------------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
