<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>k74368exv10w16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR WILLIAM F. COYRO, JR.
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 10.16 -- EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                     EMPLOYMENT AND NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT is entered into by and between TechTeam Global, Inc.
(the "Company"), and William F. Coyro, Jr. (the "Executive"), effective as of
January 1, 2003.

1. Employment Period. The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the
Executive hereby agrees to remain in the employ of the Company subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on January 1,
2003 (the "Commencement Date") and ending when terminated as provided herein
(the "Employment Period").

2.       Terms of Employment.

         a)       Position and Duties.

                  (i)      During the Employment Period, the Executive shall
                           serve as Company's President and Chief Executive
                           Officer. Executive shall report to the Chairman of
                           the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board").

                  (ii)     During the Employment Period, Executive agrees to
                           devote his full attention and time to the business
                           and affairs of the Company and to use the Executive's
                           best efforts to: (A) perform such responsibilities in
                           a professional manner, (B) promote the interests of
                           the Company and its subsidiaries, (C) discharge the
                           executive and administrative duties, not inconsistent
                           with his position, as may be reasonably assigned to
                           him by the Board, and (D) serve, without additional
                           compensation, as a director of the Company.

                  (iii)    At all times, Executive agrees that he has read and
                           will abide by, any employee handbook, policy, or
                           practice that the Company has or adopts with respect
                           to its employees generally, except as modified by
                           this Agreement.

         b)       Compensation.

                  (i)      Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the
                           Executive shall receive an annual base salary
                           ("Annual Base Salary") of $330,000.00. The Annual
                           Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the
                           Company's normal payroll practices for senior
                           executives subject only to such payroll and
                           withholding deductions as are required by law.

                  (ii)     Annual Incentive. As of each December 31 during the
                           Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to
                           receive an annual incentive bonus to be determined by
                           the Board. Should a bonus plan be implemented for
                           senior management of the Company, the Executive will
                           receive his annual incentive bonus pursuant to such
                           plan.

                  (iii)    Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment
                           Period, the Executive shall be eligible to
                           participate in all savings and retirement plans,
                           practices, policies and programs to the extent
                           applicable generally to other executives of the
                           Company in accordance with the provisions of those
                           plans.

                  (iv)     Welfare and Other Benefits Plans. During the
                           Employment Period, the Executive and the Executive's
                           eligible family members shall be entitled to
                           participate in all benefit and executive perquisites
                           under welfare, fringe and other similar benefit
                           plans, practices, policies and programs which may be
                           provided by the Company (including, without
                           limitation, medical, prescription, dental,
                           disability, employee life, group life, accidental
                           death and travel accident insurance plans and
                           programs) to the extent applicable generally to other
                           executives of the Company.

                  (v)      Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Executive
                           shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for
                           all reasonable business expenses incurred and
                           submitted by the Executive in accordance with the
                           policies of the Company.


                                       72

<PAGE>
3.       Termination of Employment.

         The Executive's employment may be terminated upon the occurrence of any
event set forth below.

         a)       Death or Disability. The Executive's employment shall
                  terminate automatically upon the Executive's death during the
                  Employment Period. If the Company determines in good faith
                  that the Disability (as defined below) of the Executive has
                  occurred during the Employment Period, it may give to the
                  Executive written notice of its intention to terminate the
                  Executive's employment. In such event, the Executive's
                  employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the
                  thirtieth day after receipt of such notice by the Executive.
                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the
                  Executive's inability to perform his normal duties for the
                  Company for three months or more during any twelve-month
                  period.

         b)       Cause. Until December 31, 2004, the Company may terminate the
                  Executive's employment only for "Cause." For purposes of this
                  Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

                  (i)      any material breach of this Agreement by the
                           Executive, which breach is not remedied within thirty
                           (30) days after written notice thereof, specifying
                           the nature of such breach in reasonable detail, is
                           given by the Board to the Executive,

                  (ii)     Executive's conviction of a felony or other crime
                           involving moral turpitude, any act or omission by the
                           Executive during the Employment Period involving
                           willful malfeasance or gross negligence in the
                           performance of his duties hereunder, and/or

                  (iii)    Executive's failure to follow the reasonable
                           instructions given in good faith by the Board, which
                           failure is not remedied within thirty (30) days after
                           written notice thereof specifying the details of such
                           conduct is given by the Board to the Executive.

                  (vi)     Purchase of a majority of Company's stock or
                           acquisition of the Company through merger or
                           otherwise.

         c)       By Executive. After December 31, 2004, this Agreement may be
                  terminated by the Executive, upon sixty (60) days prior notice
                  to the Company. In such event, the effective date of
                  termination shall be the date set forth in such notice.

         d)       Without Cause. After December 31, 2004, this Agreement may be
                  terminated by the Company, without Cause, upon sixty (60) days
                  prior notice to the Executive. In such event, the effective
                  date of termination shall be the date set forth in such
                  notice. If the Executive is terminated by the Company without
                  cause prior to December 31, 2004, the Executive will be
                  entitled to his pay and benefits as set forth herein through
                  December 31, 2004.

         e)       Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company or by
                  the Executive shall be communicated by Notice of Termination
                  to the other party. A "Notice of Termination" means a written
                  notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision
                  in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable,
                  sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
                  claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
                  employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the
                  Date of Termination is other than the date of receipt of such
                  notice, specifies the termination date.

         f)       Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" or "Termination
                  Date" means the effective date of termination determined in
                  accordance with the provisions of this Paragraph 3.

4.       Confidential Information; Non-competition.

         a)       The Executive shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the
                  benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information,
                  knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its
                  affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which
                  shall have been obtained by the Executive during the
                  Executive's employment by the company or any of its affiliated
                  companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge
                  (other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the
                  Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination
                  of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive
                  shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or
                  as many otherwise be required by law or legal process
                  (provided the Company has been given notice of and

                                       73
<PAGE>
                  opportunity to challenge or limit the scope of disclosure
                  purportedly so required), communicate or divulge any such
                  information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the
                  Company and those designated by it.

         b)       Executive agrees not to utilize his knowledge of the business
                  of the Company or his relationships with investors, suppliers,
                  customers, clients, or financial institutions to compete with
                  the Company in any business the same as, or similar to, the
                  business conducted by the Company during the term of this
                  Agreement. Executive agrees that he will not:

                  1.       Executive agrees not to work for, consult with,
                           provide any services to or provide any information to
                           any firm or entity or person which competes with, or
                           is engages in, or carries on any aspect of the
                           Company's businesses services in competition with the
                           Company within a two (2) year period following his
                           termination from the Company; and

                  2.       Executive shall not directly or indirectly, assist,
                           promote or encourage any employees or clients of the
                           Company to terminate or discontinue their
                           relationship with the Company for at least a one (1)
                           year period beginning on the Date of Termination.

         c)       Executive acknowledges that his services hereunder are of a
                  special, unique, and intellectual character and his position
                  with the Company places him in a position of confidence and
                  trust with customers, suppliers, and employees of the Company.
                  The Executive further acknowledges that to perform his
                  position, he will necessarily be given access to confidential
                  information of the Company. Executive will continue to develop
                  personal relationships with the Company's customers,
                  financiers, suppliers, and employees. The parties expressly
                  agree that these provisions are reasonable, enforceable, and
                  necessary to protect the Company's interests. In the unlikely
                  event, however, that a court of competent jurisdiction were to
                  determine that any portion of such provisions is
                  unenforceable, then the parties agree that the remainder of
                  the provisions shall remain valid and enforceable to the
                  maximum extent possible.

         d)       The Executive agrees that it would be difficult to measure
                  damages to the Company from any breach of the covenants
                  contained in this Paragraph 5, but that such damages from any
                  such breach would be great, incalculable and irremediable, and
                  that money damages would be an inadequate remedy. Accordingly,
                  the Executive agrees that the Company may have specific
                  performance of these provisions in any court of competent
                  jurisdiction. The parties agree, however, that the specific
                  performance remedies described above shall not be the
                  exclusive remedies, and the Company may enforce any other
                  remedy or remedies available to it either in law or in equity
                  including, but not limited to, temporary, preliminary, and/or
                  permanent injunctive relief.

5.       Successors.

         a)       This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be
                  assignable by the Executive.

         b)       This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
                  upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

6.       Change of Control. Company agrees to fully include Executive in its
         Change of Control program, wherein Executive will qualify for one year
         of continued compensation and benefits upon the occurrence of a Change
         in Control of the Company. In no event will Executive's wage
         compensation as a result a transaction involving the Company, exceed
         one year's annual salary.

7.       Miscellaneous.

         a)       This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
                  accordance with the laws of Michigan, without reference to
                  principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Agreement
                  are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force
                  or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified
                  except by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto
                  or their respective successors and legal representatives.

         b)       All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
                  writing and shall be deemed to be received when (i) hand
                  delivered (with written confirmation of receipt), (ii) when
                  received by the addressee, if sent by nationally recognized
                  overnight delivery service (receipt requested) in each


                                       74
<PAGE>
                  case to such address as a party may designate by notice to the
                  other party.

         c)       The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this
                  Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
                  any other provision of this Agreement.

         d)       This Employment Agreement may be executed through the use of
                  separate signature pages or in any number of counterpart
                  copies, and each of such counterparts shall, for all purposes,
                  constitute one agreement binding on all the parties.

         e)       The provisions of this Agreement contain all of the terms and
                  conditions agreed upon by the parties relating to the subject
                  matter of this Agreement and shall supersede all prior
                  agreement, negotiations, correspondence, undertakings and
                  communications of the parties, either oral or written, with
                  respect to such subject matter.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has executed this Agreement and,
subject to the authorization of its Board of Directors, the Company has caused
this Agreement to be executed in its name on its behalf, as of the Commencement
Date.



Date:  March 03, 2003                             By: /s/ William F. Coyro, Jr.
       ---------------------                      -----------------------------
                                                  William F. Coyro, Jr.

                                                                     "Executive"


Date:  March 12, 2003                             TECHTEAM GLOBAL, INC.
       ---------------------

                                                  By: /s/ Wallace D. Riley
                                                  ------------------------
                                                  Wallace D. Riley, Chairman of
                                                  Board of Directors


                                                                       "Company"





                                       75

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
