<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>comp560agree.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.105 560 COMPANY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.105
                            AIRCRAFT LEASE AGREEMENT

This Aircraft Lease Agreement ("Agreement") is made effective as of January 22,
2001 ("Effective Date"), between GCI Communication Corp., an Alaska corporation
("GCI" and "Lessee") and 560 Company, Inc. an Alaska corporation ("Lessor").

560 Company, Inc. is the Lessor and owner of the following-described aircraft,
together with all equipment and accessories attached thereto or used in
connection therewith (collectively, "Aircraft"):

         Make/model:       Cessna Citation V (C560)
         Registration:     N560ER
         Serial no.:       560-0003
         Engines:          Pratt & Whitney JT15D-5A
         Serial no.:       Left 108003      Right 108535

Lessee desires to use the Aircraft, and Lessor is willing to allow Lessee to use
the Aircraft, for the terms and purposes, and on the terms and conditions, set
forth in this Agreement.

Now, therefore, Lessor and Lessee agree as follows.

1.       Location and Use of Aircraft. The Aircraft is physically located in
         Alaska as of the Effective Date. Lessor hereby grants to Lessee the
         right to use the Aircraft on the terms and conditions set forth in this
         Agreement.

2.       Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall be for thirty (30) days
         and shall commence on the Effective Date. The lease shall automatically
         continue on a month to month basis unless terminated pursuant to any
         provision of this Agreement. Either Lessee or Lessor may terminate this
         Agreement upon one hundred twenty (120) days' written notice as set
         forth in Section 17, and as follows: If GCI elects to terminate this
         Agreement, Lessor may within five (5) business days of the date of such
         notice provide GCI with written notice of Lessor's intent to put the
         Aircraft up for sale. Then, this Agreement shall terminate upon the
         earlier of (i) the sale date, or (ii) one hundred and twenty (120) days
         from the date of GCI's termination notice. If the Agreement is not
         terminated within ninety (90) days from the date of GCI's termination
         notice, then Lessor shall rebate any rental payment for the period
         after the ninetieth (90) day until the date of the lease termination to
         GCI on the same date and in addition to the deposit described in
         Section 3(C). Additionally, Lessor shall rebate to GCI all costs GCI
         incurs hereunder beginning on the ninety-first (91st) day after the
         termination notice. If Lessor fails to give notice of its intent to
         sell the Aircraft within such five (5) business days, then this
         Agreement shall terminate ninety (90) days from the date of GCI's
         written notice of its intent to terminate.


                                       1
<PAGE>
3.       Payments to Lessor.

         A.       GCI shall pay rent to Lessor at the rate of US$40,000.00 per
                  month "dry" plus sales/use tax if applicable, without demand,
                  offset, deduction or counterclaim. Payments of each month's
                  rental shall be made on or before the first (1st ) day of each
                  month, in advance. The monthly rental payment for the first
                  and last month shall be prorated on an actual day's basis, and
                  any unused funds after a proper termination shall be refunded
                  to Lessee in full except as otherwise provided herein.

         B.       In addition to the monthly payment, GCI shall grant to Lessor
                  an option to purchase 250,000 shares of General Communication,
                  Inc., Class A Common Stock, no par value, at $6.50 per share,
                  in the form set forth as Exhibit A hereto.

         C.       In addition to the above payments, GCI shall provide Lessor
                  with a one million five hundred thousand dollars ($1,500,000)
                  deposit for the Aircraft's usage hereunder ("Deposit"). Lessor
                  may utilize the Deposit for its general working capital needs.
                  Upon the earlier of (i) thirty-six (36) months from the
                  Effective Date, (ii) six (6) months after the Agreement
                  terminates, or (iii) nine (9) months after the date of the
                  termination notice, Lessor shall repay the Deposit to GCI,
                  without interest (except as set forth in Section 14), and in
                  addition to any rental rebate amount owing under Section 2.

4. Use.

         A.       Lessee shall, at its sole expense, provide all crewmembers
                  required for operation of the Aircraft during the term of this
                  Agreement, except as set forth in Section 4(E). All
                  crewmembers must be qualified to Lessee's insurance company's
                  standards to fly the Aircraft.

         B.       Lessee shall pay all expenses in preparation for any GCI-usage
                  flight and in connection with GCI flights, including but not
                  limited to expenses for fuel, crew quarters, landing fees,
                  imposts, duties, fines, meals, all other out-of-pocket crew
                  expenses, and the cost of any special equipment required for
                  Lessee's business, except as set forth in Section 4(E).

         C.       Lessee shall, at its sole expense, provide hangar storage and
                  line service for the Aircraft in Anchorage, Alaska. Lessee
                  shall also pay all maintenance costs for the Aircraft during
                  the term hereof, except that Lessor shall pay the cost of the
                  major overhaul due on the right engine approximately 170 hours
                  after the Effective Date. Lessor's obligation for the costs of
                  such overhaul shall be limited to the direct charges for the
                  existing engine and shall not include any transport costs of
                  the Aircraft to and from the overhaul site, any charge related
                  to the use of a loaner


                                       2
<PAGE>
                  engine during the overhaul period, or any costs associated
                  with the Aircraft's down time during such overhaul.

         D.       The Aircraft's base when not in use shall be Anchorage,
                  Alaska.

         E.       This Aircraft is for Lessee's use, and Lessee has first
                  priority use of the Aircraft. However, GCI agrees that as
                  additional consideration for this Lease, if GCI does not then
                  need all or a portion of the Aircraft for its business
                  purposes, Lessor has a secondary right of use in (a) any empty
                  seats on any GCI flights, and (b) the entire Aircraft when GCI
                  does not require the Aircraft's use. Lessor's use of any empty
                  seats on a GCI flight shall be in partial consideration for
                  this Agreement. Lessor's right to use the entire Aircraft is
                  subject to Lessor's obligation to timely reimburse GCI for all
                  incremental costs incurred as a result of Lessor's usage, i.e.
                  the variable costs of fuel, landing fees and the daily
                  expenses of the pilots. Regardless of any such usage, as set
                  forth in Section 7, GCI remains obligated to pay all the fixed
                  costs of the Aircraft, e.g. its fixed and regular maintenance,
                  insurance, pilots' salaries, etc. The Aircraft cannot be
                  subleased, chartered or used by any other person or entity.
                  Lessor covenants and warrants to GCI that it shall only
                  utilize the Aircraft for its principal's business and personal
                  purposes, and no other party than the sole individual owner of
                  Lessor shall make payments to Lessor for the utilization of
                  the Aircraft.

5.       Major Damage. If the Aircraft suffers any major damage or loss of a
         type required to be reported to the FAA or recorded in the Aircraft's
         logbooks under FAA regulations governing the Aircraft's use, and
         subsequently shall have been returned to service, Lessor and Lessee
         shall upon delivery of the Aircraft to Lessor under Section 9 below,
         determine the amount of loss in value, if any, suffered by the Aircraft
         due to such damage or loss. Lessor and Lessee shall determine such
         amount by requesting bids for the purchase of the Aircraft from three
         (3) dealers in such aircraft, qualified to render such and not
         affiliated with Lessor and Lessee. Lessor and Lessee shall each select
         one dealer, and the two dealers shall select the third dealer. Each
         dealer shall render one bid based upon a description of the Aircraft
         assuming no damage history, and a second bid based on the Aircraft's
         actual condition. The difference between the average of all bids
         received for the Aircraft assuming no damage history, and the average
         of all bids received for the Aircraft including the actual damage
         history, together with interest thereon from the period between the end
         of the term of this Agreement until the date of payment, at a rate
         equal to one percentage point in excess of the prime rate announced
         from time to time by Wells Fargo, shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor in
         the form of a lump sum payment within ten (10) days after the last of
         the three (3) dealers renders its bid.

6.       Lessor's Inspection. Lessor or its authorized representatives may at
         all reasonable times inspect the Aircraft and Lessee's books and
         records relating to


                                       3
<PAGE>
         the Aircraft, provided the Aircraft is not scheduled for use at the
         time requested for inspection. Lessor's inspection will not interfere
         with Lessee's normal business operation.

7.       Maintenance and Repairs; Modifications and Improvements.

         A.       During the term of this Agreement, Lessee shall, at its sole
                  expense, maintain the Aircraft in good operating and airworthy
                  condition, perform any periodic inspections or service for the
                  Aircraft recommended by the manufacturer's maintenance manual
                  or service bulletins or required by law, and repair any
                  uninsured damage to the Aircraft as a result of Lessee's use
                  thereof. Lessor shall be responsible for any uninsured damage
                  to the Aircraft as a result of its exclusive use thereof.
                  Prior to repairing any damage to the Aircraft, Lessee will
                  notify Lessor of such damage and obtain written approval of
                  the repairs. The performance of all maintenance and repair
                  work shall be by or under the supervision of properly
                  qualified and trained personnel and in compliance with FAA or
                  other governmental requirements.

         B.       Should either engine of the Aircraft become due for a hot
                  section inspection or major overhaul during the term of this
                  Agreement, other than the overhaul of the right engine
                  described in Section 4(C), Lessee shall, at its sole expense,
                  perform such inspection or overhaul in accordance with the
                  manufacturer's recommended procedures.

         C.       GCI, with Lessor's consent, may add equipment to or modify the
                  Aircraft at its expense during the term hereof. At the
                  termination of the Lease, GCI may, at its election and
                  expense, either (i) remove such equipment or modifications and
                  return it to its original and unmodified condition, or (ii)
                  abandon such modifications and improvements to Lessor.

8. Insurance.

         A.       Lessee shall maintain, at Lessee's expense, during the term of
                  this Agreement all risk aircraft physical damage (ground and
                  flight hull) insurance on the Aircraft in the amount of four
                  million five hundred thousand US Dollars ($4,500,000.). Lessor
                  and the National Bank of Alaska shall be additional insureds.
                  The hull insurance shall contain a breach of warranty clause
                  and loss payee in favor of Lessor in case Lessee breaches any
                  obligation under the insurance contract.

         B.       Lessee shall maintain, at Lessee's expense, during the term of
                  this Agreement aircraft liability insurance, including bodily
                  injury to passengers, in the amount of at least one hundred
                  million US dollars ($100,000,000.). Lessor and the National
                  Bank of Alaska shall be additional insureds. Assuming such
                  coverage is available under reasonable financial terms, the
                  liability insurance shall contain a breach of


                                       4
<PAGE>
                  warranty clause and loss payee in favor of Lessor in case
                  Lessee breaches any obligation under the insurance contract.

         C.       Lessor and Lessee each hereby waive any and all rights of
                  recovery against the other, or against the owners, officers,
                  servants, employees, agents and representatives of the other,
                  for loss or damage of such waiving party or its property, or
                  the property of others under its control, where such loss or
                  damage is insured against under any insurance policy in force
                  at the time of such loss or damage as required hereunder.

9. Return of Aircraft.

         A.       Upon the termination of this Agreement, Lessee shall, at its
                  sole expense, return the Aircraft forthwith to Lessor by
                  delivering the Aircraft to Lessor at Anchorage, Alaska, or at
                  another agreed location. The Aircraft shall be returned in the
                  same condition as when delivered to Lessee hereunder, ordinary
                  wear and tear excepted, no open or deferred maintenance items,
                  in airworthy condition, and free and clear of all liens,
                  encumbrances or rights of others whatsoever caused by Lessee.

         B.       Not less than three (3) days prior to the expiration or
                  earlier termination of the Agreement Lessee shall make the
                  Aircraft available to Lessor at Anchorage, Alaska, or such
                  other location as agreed to pursuant to Section 9A, for the
                  purpose of permitting Lessor, at Lessor's sole cost, to make
                  an inspection of the Aircraft. In connection with such
                  inspection, Lessor shall, at Lessee's expense, be entitled to
                  an acceptance flight check of not more than one hour's
                  duration. Lessor shall at Lessor's expense be entitled to
                  correct and repair any condition of the Aircraft discovered on
                  such inspection or flight check which causes the Aircraft not
                  to be in the condition prescribed above or not airworthy; and
                  Lessee shall reimburse Lessor upon demand for the cost of any
                  such repairs. If any corrections or repairs are necessary, the
                  terms of the Agreement shall be extended for the period
                  required to enable Lessee to make such corrections or repairs
                  and to return the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of
                  Section 9.

         C.       During any extended term referred to in this Section 9, rent
                  shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor until the date of actual
                  return at the rate specified in Section 3A above.

10.      Taxes. Lessee shall pay, and indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from,
         all license and registration fees and all sales, use, operational,
         personal property, and other taxes, levies, duties, charges or
         withholdings of any nature (together with any penalties, fines or
         interest thereon and reasonable attorneys' fees) imposed upon Lessor by
         any federal, state or local government or taxing


                                       5
<PAGE>
         authority upon or with respect to the use or operation of the Aircraft
         hereunder, upon the rentals, receipts, or earnings arising there from,
         or with respect to this Agreement (other than taxes on, or measured by,
         the net income of Lessor). The obligations of Lessee under this Section
         shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Lessee shall only be
         liable for the prorated portion of any taxes or fees not collected
         during the term of this Agreement.

11.      Liens, Encumbrances and Rights of Others. Lessee will not directly or
         indirectly create, incur, or permit any mortgage, pledge, lien
         attachment, charge, encumbrance or right of others whatsoever on or
         with respect to the Aircraft, title thereto or any interest therein,
         other than that arising because of a debt or other obligation of the
         Lessor. Lessee will promptly, at Lessee's sole expense, cause any such
         mortgage, pledge, lien, attachment, charge, encumbrance or right of
         another which may arise at any time to be duly discharged, dismissed
         and removed as soon as possible, but in any event within ten (10) days
         after the existence of the same shall have first become known to
         Lessee.

12.      DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. LESSEE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LESSOR HAS NOT MADE
         ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
         CONDITION, AIRWORTHINESS, MERCHANTABILITY, DESIGN, OPERATION, OR
         FITNESS FOR USE OR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT, AGAINST
         INTERFERENCE BY OTHERS (OTHER THAN THAT ARISING BECAUSE OF A DEBT OR
         OTHER OBLIGATION OF THE LESSOR), OR ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR
         WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT.
         LESSOR WARRANTS THAT IT HAS GOOD TITLE TO THE AIRCRAFT AND THAT IT IS
         FREE AND CLEAR OF LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES EXCEPT THOSE CREATED BY
         LESSOR.

13.      Indemnity. Lessee hereby assumes liability for, and shall indemnify,
         protect, save and keep harmless Lessor, its shareholders, officers,
         directors, employees and agents, from and against, and to pay Lessor
         promptly upon demand the amount of, any and all liabilities,
         obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, suits, costs,
         expenses and disbursements, including reasonable legal expense, of
         whatsoever kind and nature, imposed on, incurred by or asserted against
         Lessor in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the
         possession, use or operation of the Aircraft by Lessee. Lessor hereby
         assumes liability for, and shall indemnify, protect, save and keep
         harmless GCI, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees and
         agents, from and against, and to pay GCI promptly upon demand the
         amount of, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
         penalties, claims, actions, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements,
         including reasonable legal expense, of whatsoever kind and nature,
         imposed on, incurred by or asserted against GCI in any way relating to
         or arising out of this Agreement or the possession, use or operation of
         the Aircraft by Lessor. The indemnities contained in this Section 13
         shall continue in full force and effect, not withstanding the
         expiration or other termination of this Agreement.



                                       6
<PAGE>
14.      Default. The following shall constitute Events of Default hereunder: a)
         Lessee or Lessor shall fail to make any payment due to the other party
         within five (5) days after the same shall become due; b) Lessor or
         Lessee shall fail to perform or observe any other material covenant,
         condition or agreement to be performed or observed by it hereunder, and
         such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of twenty (20) days
         after written notice thereof by Lessor or Lessee; c) Lessee or Lessor
         shall become insolvent or bankrupt, or make an assignment for the
         benefit for creditors or consent to the appointment of a trustee or
         receiver; or a trustee or receiver shall be appointed for such party;
         or bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceedings shall be
         instituted by or against Lessee or Lessor, and, if instituted against a
         party hereto, shall not be dismissed for a period of thirty (30) days.
         Interest shall accrue for any payment not made when due hereunder at
         ten and one-half (10.5%) percent per annum, beginning on the first day
         such payment is late.

15.      Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lessor or Lessee
         may, at its option, and at any time thereafter, do one or more of the
         following:

         A.       Require the defaulting party, upon the written demand of the
                  non-defaulting party and at non-defaulting party's expense, to
                  terminate this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated
                  because of a default, Lessee will promptly return the Aircraft
                  to Lessor at the location, in the condition, and otherwise in
                  accordance with all of the terms, specified in Section 9 of
                  this Agreement.

         B.       Exercise any other right or remedy which may be available to
                  it at law or in equity. In addition, the defaulting party
                  shall reimburse the non-defaulting party upon demand for all
                  legal fees, other costs and expenses incurred by reason of the
                  occurrence of any Event of Default, or the exercise of the
                  non-defaulting party's remedies with respect thereto,
                  including all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
                  the return of the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of
                  Section 9 hereof or in placing such Aircraft in the condition
                  required by Section 9. No remedy referred to in this Section
                  15 is intended to be exclusive, but each shall be cumulative
                  in addition to any remedy referred to above or available to
                  the non-defaulting party at law or in equity; and the exercise
                  or beginning of exercise by the non-defaulting party of any
                  one or more of such remedies shall not preclude the
                  simultaneous or later exercise by the non-defaulting party of
                  any or all such other remedies.

16.      Assignment. Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of
         Lessor (which may be withheld by Lessor in its absolute discretion)
         assign any of its rights hereunder or permit the Aircraft to be
         operated or used by, or in the possession of, any party other than
         Lessee, except that GCI may assign its contract rights hereunder for
         security purposes only to its lenders.


                                       7
<PAGE>
17.      Notices. All notices, demands and requests contemplated by this
         Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered and received if served
         personally, or sent by United States registered or certified mail,
         postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by courier service,
         addressed to the addresses set forth below or such other addresses as
         either party may designate by notice to the other:

         If to Lessor:       560 Company, Inc.
                             Attention: Ronald Duncan, President
                             2550 Denali Street, Suite 1000
                             Anchorage, Alaska 99503

         If to Lessee:       GCI Communication Corp.
                             Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                             2550 Denali Street, Suite 1000
                             Anchorage, Alaska 99503

Any such notice shall be deemed delivered and received upon such specified
delivery at the time of attempted delivery shown on such return or courier
receipt. Any notice hereunder shall also be sent to:

                             National Bank of Alaska
                             Commercial Loan Department
                             C/o Central Loan Servicing
                             P.O. Box 100600
                             Anchorage, AK 99510-0600

18.      Attorneys' Fees. In the event of any litigation or arbitration between
         the parties with respect to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall
         recover from the other party all costs and expenses, including
         reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the prevailing party, all of
         which shall be included in and as a part of the judgment or award
         rendered in such litigation or arbitration. The term "prevailing party"
         shall mean the party which achieves substantially the relief sought,
         whether by judgment, order, settlement, or otherwise.

19.      Further Instruments. Each party shall from time to time execute and
         deliver such further instruments as the other party may reasonably
         request to effectuate the intent of this Agreement.

20.      Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and
         delivered in counterparts and by each party hereto in separate
         counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
         deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one
         and the same instrument.

21.      Non-Waiver of Rights and Breaches. No failure or delay of either party
         in the exercise of any right given to such party by this Agreement
         shall constitute a waiver thereof, unless the time specified herein for
         the exercise of such right has


                                       8
<PAGE>
         expired, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right preclude
         other or further exercise of that, or any other, right. The waiver by a
         party hereto of any default of the other party shall not be deemed to
         be a waiver of any subsequent default or other default of that party.

22.      Entire Agreement; Modification. This Agreement constitutes the entire
         agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof,
         and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and representations
         of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
         Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplemented or otherwise
         changed except in writing, executed by each party.

23.      No Agency or Partnership. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
         make either Lessor or Lessee an agent, partner or joint venturer of the
         other.

24.      Lessee Citizenship. Lessee hereby represents and warrants to Lessor
         that Lessee is a citizen or permanent resident of the United States
         within the meaning of Title 14, Section 375.36 of the Code of Federal
         Regulations.

25.      Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
         accordance with the substantive law, but not the law regarding
         conflicts or choice of law, of the State of Alaska, with venue at
         Anchorage, Alaska.

26.      Counterpart Signatures. This Agreement can be signed in multiple
         counterparts, the compilation of which shall be considered as one
         document.

TRUTH IN LEASING (See Federal Aviation Regulation (FAR) 91.23).

A. UPON INFORMATION AND BELIEF, FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE DATE OF THIS
AGREEMENT, THE AIRCRAFT LEASED HEREUNDER HAS BEEN MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATION PART 91.1

B. THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED UNDER PART 91 FOR OPERATIONS
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND LESSEE CERTIFIES THAT IT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
AIRCRAFT'S STATUS OF COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION
REQUIREMENTS AS SET FORTH UNDER THE REQUIRED FAA REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO
OPERATOR'S USE AND OPERATION OF THE AIRCRAFT. IN ADDITION, LESSEE AGREES TO
PROVIDE LESSOR WITH WRITTEN INSPECTION REPORTS FOR INSPECTIONS ACCOMPLISHED
UNDER SAID PROGRAM.

C. THE LESSEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT, AND
CERTIFIES THAT IT WILL COMPLY WITH ALL REGULATIONS ISSUED DURING THE TERM OF
THIS AGREEMENT. LESSEE IS HEREBY ADVISED THAT AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS BEARING
ON OPERATIONAL


                                       9
<PAGE>
CONTROL AND PERTINENT FAA REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FAA
FLIGHT STANDARDS DISTRICT OFFICE, GENERAL AVIATION DISTRICT OFFICE, OR AIR
CARRIER DISTRICT OFFICE.

D. LESSEE AGREES TO KEEP A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT IN THE AIRCRAFT AT ALL TIMES
DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT.

In witness whereof, Lessor and Lessee have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective officers or representatives as of the Effective
Date.


560 Company, Inc.


By: /s/
    Ronald A. Duncan, President


GCI Communication Corp.


By: /s/
    John M. Lowber
    Senior Vice President, CFO & Treasurer



                                       10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
