<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>y84649exv99w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.4

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                            AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                        MERRILL LYNCH CREDIT CORPORATION

                                       AND

                          CENDANT MORTGAGE CORPORATION

                                   DATED AS OF

                                 JANUARY 2, 2001
<PAGE>
                            AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1


         AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 1, dated as of January 2, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), by and between MERRILL LYNCH CREDIT CORPORATION, a Delaware
corporation, with offices located at 4802 Deer Lake Drive East, Jacksonville,
Florida 32246 ("MLCC"), and CENDANT MORTGAGE CORPORATION d/b/a PHH Mortgage
Services, a New Jersey corporation, with offices located at 3000 Leadenhall
Road, Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08504 ("Cendant").

         WHEREAS, MLCC and Cendant are parties to a Servicing Rights Purchase
and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2000 (the "Servicing Agreement"), a
copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A;

         WHEREAS, MLCC and Cendant are parties to a Portfolio Servicing
Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2000 (the "Portfolio Agreement"), a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit B;

         WHEREAS, MLCC and Cendant are parties to a Loan Sub-Servicing
Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2000 (the "Sub-Servicing Agreement"), a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C;

         WHEREAS, MLCC and Cendant have entered into a Servicing Rights Purchase
and Sale Agreement, a Trademark Use Agreement, an Origination Assistance
Agreement and a Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement, each dated as of December 15,
2000 and each with an effective date as of the date hereof (collectively, the
"New Agreements"); and

         WHEREAS, each of MLCC and Cendant, having entered into the New
Agreements, wishes to amend the Servicing Agreement, the Portfolio Agreement and
the Sub-Servicing Agreement in order to properly reflect the current
relationships between the parties;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective
covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

         Section 1. Amendments to the Servicing Agreement. The Servicing
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         (a)      Section 1.01. Section 1.01 of the Servicing Agreement is
                  amended by:

                  i.       Deleting the definition of "Additional Collateral"
                           and replacing it with the following: "ADDITIONAL
                           COLLATERAL means, with respect to any Mortgage 100
                           Loan or Parent Power Mortgage Loan, the marketable
                           securities subject to a security interest pursuant to
                           the related Mortgage 100 Pledge Agreement or the
                           Parent Power Guaranty and Security Agreement for
                           Securities Account."

                  ii.      Deleting the definition of "Cendant Mortgage Loan"
                           and replacing it with the following: "CENDANT
                           MORTGAGE LOAN means a
<PAGE>
                           Mortgage Loan originated by Purchaser pursuant to
                           either (i) the 1997 Origination Agreement or (ii) the
                           2000 Origination Agreement."

                  iii.     Adding the words "as amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof" to the end of the
                           definition of "MLCC Portfolio Servicing Agreement."

                  iv.      Deleting the definition of "Origination Agreement"
                           and replacing it with the following: "ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENTS means the 1997 Origination Agreement and
                           the 2000 Origination Agreement."

                  v.       Adding the following definition: "1997 ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENT means the Mortgage Loan Purchase and
                           Services Agreement dated as of September 24, 1997
                           between Seller and PHH Mortgage Services Corporation,
                           as the same may be amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof."

                  vi.      Adding the following definition: "2000 ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENT means the Origination Assistance Agreement
                           dated as of December 15, 2000 between the Seller and
                           the Purchaser, as the same may be amended from time
                           to time in accordance with the terms thereof."

                  vii.     Deleting the definition of "Permission Agreement" and
                           replacing it with the following definition:
                           "PERMISSION AGREEMENT means (i) from January 28, 2000
                           through January 1, 2001, the Permission Agreement
                           dated as of January 28, 2000 between Seller and
                           Purchaser and (ii) on and after January 2, 2001, the
                           Trademark Use Agreement."

                  viii.    Adding the following definition: "TRADEMARK USE
                           AGREEMENT means the Trademark Use Agreement dated as
                           of December 15, 2000, with an effective date as of
                           January 2, 2001, between Seller and Purchaser."

                  ix.      Deleting the first sentence of the definition of
                           "Quarterly Bulk Mortgage Loan" and replacing it with
                           the following sentence: "QUARTERLY BULK MORTGAGE LOAN
                           means (a) any Mortgage Loan purchased by Seller
                           through its correspondent lending network, (b) on or
                           prior to January 1, 2001, a construction loan that
                           has been converted to a permanent Mortgage Loan, (c)
                           on and after January 2, 2001, a construction loan
                           that has been converted to a PrimeFirst
                           Mortgage Loan (as contemplated by the 2000
                           Origination Agreement), or (d) any other mortgage
                           loan that the parties may mutually agree to
                           designate."


                                       2
<PAGE>
                  x.       Adding the following definition: "PRIMEFIRST(R)
                           MORTGAGE LOAN means an adjustable rate loan offered
                           by MLCC in which the monthly debt repayments
                           thereunder for approximately the first 120 months of
                           the term thereof are interest only."

                  xi.      Replacing the word "Losses" each time it appears in
                           clause (a) of the definition of "Recourse Obligation"
                           with the word "losses."

                  xii.     Adding the words "as amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof" to the end of the
                           definition of "Securitized Loan Primary Servicing
                           Agreement."

                  xiii.    Replacing the words "permitted successors and
                           assigns" in the definition of "Seller" with the words
                           "successors and permitted assigns."

                  xiv.     Deleting the first sentence of the definition of
                           "Subsequent Flow Mortgage Loans" and replacing it
                           with the following sentence: "SUBSEQUENT FLOW
                           MORTGAGE LOANS means Mortgage Loans originated after
                           March 10, 2000; provided, however, that on and after
                           January 2, 2001, 'Subsequent Flow Mortgage Loans'
                           shall mean only PrimeFirst(R) Mortgage Loans
                           originated pursuant to the 2000 Origination
                           Agreement."

                  xv.      Deleting the definition of "Transaction Agreements"
                           and replacing it with the following definition:
                           "TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS means this Agreement, the
                           Permission Agreement, the MLCC Portfolio Servicing
                           Agreement, the 2000 Origination Agreement, the Loan
                           Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of December 15,
                           2000 between Purchaser and Seller, and the Equity
                           Access(R) and Omega Subservicing Agreement dated as
                           of January 2, 2001 between Purchaser and Seller;
                           provided, however, that the term 'Transaction
                           Agreements' shall not include any agreements which
                           have been terminated in accordance with their
                           respective terms."

                  xvi.     Adding the following definition: "ACCOUNT NUMBER
                           means an account number or similar form of access
                           number relating to a Borrower's Mortgage Loan or
                           other financial product or service with or from
                           Seller other than any internal identifying number
                           assigned by Purchaser to the Mortgage Loan."

                  xvii.    In the definition of "Applicable Requirements," (A)
                           adding "collectively, (1)" between the words
                           "reference" and "with" in the first line thereof, (B)
                           replacing the first parenthetical in clause (b) with
                           the following words "(including laws, statutes,
                           rules, regulations, administrative interpretations
                           and ordinances as well as any of the foregoing
                           requirements applicable to Seller by virtue


                                       3
<PAGE>
                           of its state licenses, qualifications and exemptions
                           and by virtue of its being a subsidiary of Merrill
                           Lynch Bank USA)", (C) deleting the word "and"
                           immediately prior to clause (f), and (D) adding the
                           following to the end of such definition: "and (g) any
                           applicable MLCC or Merrill Lynch Bank USA internal
                           policies and procedures, as revised from time to time
                           in accordance with the terms hereof, and (2) the
                           Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended."

                  xviii.   Adding the following definition: "BORROWER
                           INFORMATION means any personally identifiable
                           information or records in any form (written,
                           electronic, or otherwise) relating to a Borrower,
                           including, but not limited to, a Borrower's name,
                           address, telephone number, loan number, loan payment
                           history, delinquency status, insurance carrier or
                           payment information, tax amount or payment
                           information; the fact that the Borrower has a
                           relationship with Seller; and any other personally
                           identifiable information."

                  xix.     Adding the following definition: "LAW means any
                           United States federal, state or local statute, law,
                           ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order,
                           requirement, judgment, decree, writ, injunction or
                           rule of law (including common law)."

                  xx.      Adding the following definitions: "MLCC DATA means
                           any data, databases, reports and records relating to
                           financial products from or services with MLCC,
                           including, without limitation, Account Numbers,
                           Borrower Information, and data derived therefrom."

                  xxi.     Adding the following definitions: "MLCC SERVICES
                           shall mean collectively, the Origination Services and
                           Purchaser's obligations under the Servicing Rights."

                  xxii.    Adding "(including the MLCC Data with respect
                           thereto)" between the words "loan" and "other" in the
                           second line of the definition of "Mortgage Loan."

                  xxiii.   Adding the following definition: "ORIGINATION
                           SERVICES shall mean the loan origination services to
                           be performed by Purchaser for and on behalf of Seller
                           as detailed in the Origination Agreement."

                  xxiv.    Adding the following definition: "PERSONNEL of a
                           Party shall mean such Party, its employees,
                           subcontractors, consultants, representatives and
                           agents."

                  xxv.     Adding the following definition: "SOFTWARE means the
                           proprietary computer software programs, and related
                           Software Documentation,


                                       4
<PAGE>
                           listed on Exhibits A, B and C of the Licensing
                           Agreement, excluding any Third Party Software that
                           may be embedded therein."

                  xxvi.    Adding the following definition: "SOFTWARE
                           DOCUMENTATION means, with respect to any Software,
                           the operating instructions and user, installation,
                           set-up, configuration, training and support manuals
                           for the Software or any part thereof, whether
                           prepared by Seller or any Third Party, in any form or
                           medium whatsoever."

                  xxvii.   Adding the following definition: "TERMINATION
                           ASSISTANCE PERIOD shall have the meaning set forth in
                           Section 11.26."

                  xxviii.  Adding the following definition: "TERMINATION
                           ASSISTANCE SERVICES shall have the meaning set forth
                           in Section 11.23."

                  xxix.    Adding the following definition: "THIRD PARTY
                           SOFTWARE means any software or program and related
                           Software Documentation incorporated into or used
                           separately or in connection with the Software, that
                           is owned by a Third Party and licensed to Seller."

                  xxx.     Adding the following definition: "BORROWER means the
                           borrower with respect to any Mortgage Loan."

         (b) Section 2.01(a). The second sentence of Section 2.01(a) of the
Servicing Agreement is amended by:

                  i.       Replacing the word "For" at the beginning of such
                           sentence with the words "With respect to."

                  ii.      Inserting the word "such" between the words "all" and
                           "Mortgage" in clause (i) of such sentence.

         (c) Section 3.01(a). The second sentence of Section 3.01(a) of the
Servicing Agreement is amended by replacing the last four words of such sentence
("any such Mortgage Loan") with the words "any Mortgage Loan described in the
preceding clause (i)."

         (d) Section 3.02(a). The second sentence of Section 3.02(a) of the
Servicing Agreement is amended by deleting the word "Initial" in the first line
thereof.

         (e) Section 3.02(b). The first sentence of Section 3.02(b) of the
Servicing Agreement is amended by deleting the word "Initial" in the fourth line
thereof

         (f) Section 4.01(e). Section 4.01(e) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by:

                  i.       Deleting the last two sentences thereof in their
                           entirety.


                                       5
<PAGE>
                  ii.      The second sentence is amended by (A) replacing the
                           words "Prospectively, in the event that either party
                           to this Agreement believes, in good faith," with the
                           words "The parties acknowledge," and (B) deleting the
                           words ", then such party shall provide written notice
                           to the other of the purported change in the
                           Applicable Requirements."

                  iii.     The third sentence is amended by replacing the words
                           "Thereafter, the" with the word "The" and replacing
                           the words "the purported" with the word "this."

         (g) Section 4.03. Section 4.03 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by:

                  i.       In paragraph (c), replacing the word "Losses" each
                           time it appears with the word "losses."

                  ii.      In paragraph (d), inserting the words "During the
                           MLCC Interim Servicing Period," at the very beginning
                           of such paragraph.

                  iii.     In paragraph (e), inserting the words ", during the
                           MLCC Interim Servicing Period," between the words
                           "that" and "Seller" in the first line thereof.

         (h) Section 4.06(b). Section 4.06(b) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by inserting "(i)" before the beginning of the first sentence thereof.

         (i) Section 4.07. Section 4.07 of the Servicing Agreement is amended by
inserting the words "(or Purchaser on behalf of Seller)" between the words
"Seller" and "and" in the first line of the second paragraph thereof.

         (j) Section 4.09(a). Section 4.09(a) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by inserting the word "such" (i) between the words "each" and "Transfer"
in the second sentence thereof and (ii) between the words "each" and
"applicable" in the third sentence thereof.

         (k) Section 4.15. Section 4.15 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by:

                  i.       In paragraph (a), replacing the words "except a" with
                           "other than any" in the first parenthetical in the
                           first sentence thereof.

                  ii.      In paragraph (a), inserting the words "(other than
                           any Cendant Mortgage Loan)" between the word "Loan"
                           and "within" in the third sentence thereof.

                  iii.     In paragraph (a), inserting the word "such" between
                           the words "any" and "Mortgage" in the fifth sentence
                           thereof.


                                       6
<PAGE>
                  iv.      In paragraph (a), inserting the word "such" between
                           the words "each" and "original" in the last sentence
                           thereof.

                  v.       In paragraph (c), inserting the words "(other than
                           any Cendant Mortgage Loan)" between the words "Loan"
                           and "Seller" in the first sentence thereof.

                  vi.      Adding at the end of such section the following text
                           as subparagraph (g): "(g) For the avoidance of doubt,
                           the parties hereto acknowledge and agree (i) that any
                           obligations set forth in this Section 4.15 shall not
                           apply with respect to any Mortgage Loan which is also
                           a Cendant Mortgage Loan and (ii) that the payment
                           holdback provisions of subparagraph (f) of this
                           Section 4.15 shall not apply with respect to any
                           Cendant Mortgage Loan."

         (l) New Sections 4.36 - 4.40. The Servicing Agreement is amended by
adding the following new sections, to be numbered 4.36 through 4.40:

Section 4.36 Work Policy. Personnel of either Party working on the premises of
the other Party (excluding in the case of Purchaser, premises of Seller leased
to Purchaser), and all other Personnel required by Law or government rules or
regulations, shall comply with the safety, security and other regulations of the
other Party generally applicable to its outside contractors and Personnel
particular to each work location, including, where applicable, internal security
department fingerprinting, photographing and screening processes. Personnel of a
Party, when deemed appropriate by the other Party, will be issued visitor
identification cards. Each such card will be surrendered by upon demand by the
other Party or upon termination of this Agreement or completion of the relevant
MLCC Services. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, Personnel of each Party
will observe the working hours, working rules, and holiday schedules of the
other Party while working on the other Party's premises (excluding in the case
of Purchaser, premises of Seller leased to Purchaser). Each Party shall advise
the other Party immediately in the event that any Personnel with security access
to any premises of the other Party (i) is no longer assigned to perform MLCC
Services, or (ii) is no longer employed by such Party.

Section 4.37 Use of Hardware and Software. In the event that Purchaser shall be
performing MLCC Services on behalf of Seller and any third party utilizing
common hardware and/or Software, Seller shall have the right, on reasonable
notice to Purchaser and at Seller's sole cost and expense, to audit such
hardware and Software to ensure segregation of MLCC Data from third party data
adequate to prevent unauthorized disclosure of MLCC Data to third parties, and
to ensure the security of MLCC Data in accordance with normal industry
practices, provided that such audit shall not disrupt Purchaser's ability to
perform the MLCC Services.


                                       7
<PAGE>
Section 4.38. Technical Architecture Standards. On notice thereof, Purchaser
shall comply with all reasonable Seller information management technical
architecture standards related to interfacing with Seller systems, as identified
and amended by Seller from time to time.

Section 4.39. Compliance with Policies. Purchaser shall, upon notice thereof by
Seller, comply with all of Seller's commercially reasonable policies and
procedures regarding security and safeguarding of MLCC Data.

Section 4.40. Continuation of MLCC Services. Purchaser acknowledges that the
provision of MLCC Services is critical to the business and operations of Seller.
In the event of a fee dispute between Seller and Purchaser pursuant to which
either Party in good faith believes it is entitled to withhold payment of the
disputed amount or for which either Party in good faith believes payment is due,
each Party shall continue to perform its obligations under the Ancillary
Agreements, including continuing to pay undisputed amounts. Neither Party shall
not under any circumstances suspend or disrupt, or seek any injunctive or other
equitable relief for the purpose of suspending or disrupting, directly or
indirectly, provision of the services to the other Party under the Ancillary
Agreements or the normal business operations of the other Party.

         (m) New Article IV-A. The Servicing Agreement is amended by adding the
following text as new Article IV-A, to be labeled "Mutual Representations:"

         "Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as
follows:

Section 4A.01. Kickbacks. No employee, agent or representative of the other
Party has been offered, shall be offered, has received, or shall receive,
directly or indirectly, from such Party, any gratuities, merchandise, cash,
services benefit, fee, commission, dividend, gift, or other inducements or
consideration of any kind in connection with this Agreement.

Section 4A.02. Government Officials. No person employed by such Party in
connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement is an
official of the government of any foreign country, or of any agency thereof, and
no part of any moneys or consideration paid to such Party hereunder shall accrue
for the benefit of any such official.

Section 4A.03. No Relation. No individual who will receive specific compensation
from such Party as a result of the execution of this Agreement is related to any
public official or official of any issuer of municipal securities. For purposes
of this Section, the term "official of an issuer of municipal securities" means
any person who is an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate (a) for
elective office of any issuer which office is directly or indirectly responsible
for, or can influence the outcome of, the hiring of a broker, dealer or
municipal securities dealer for municipal securities business by such issuer, or
(b) for any elective office of a state or of any political subdivision, which
office has authority to appoint any official(s) of such issuer. The term
"related" applies when a person is related by blood or marriage."

         (n) Section 5.09(d)(iii). Section 5.09(d)(iii) of the Servicing
Agreement is amended by inserting the words "(other than Purchaser)" between the
words "Originator" and "or" in the second sentence thereof.


                                       8
<PAGE>
         (o) Section 5.09(h). Section 5.09(h) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by:

                  i.       Inserting the words "(if not the Purchaser)" between
                           the words "Originator" and "and" in the first
                           sentence thereof.

                  ii.      Inserting the words "(other than Purchaser)" between
                           the words "Originator" and "was" in the last sentence
                           thereof.

         (p) Section 5.09(n). Section 5.09(n) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by inserting the words "(other than Purchaser)" between the words
"Originator" and "and/or" in the first sentence thereof.

         (q) Section 5.09(t). Section 5.09(t) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by deleting the words "None of the Mortgage Loans are subject to
bi-weekly payment plans, and the" in second to last sentence of such section and
inserting the word "The" in lieu thereof.

         (r) Section 5.09(y). Section 5.09(y) of the Servicing agreement is
amended by inserting the words "(other than Purchaser)" between the words
"Originator" and "or" in the fourth line of the first sentence thereof.

         (s) Section 5.09(gg). Section 5.09(gg) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by inserting the words "which is not a Cendant Mortgage Loan" between
the words "Loan" and "Seller" in the first line thereof.

         (t) Section 5.17. Section 5.17 of the Servicing Agreement is amended by
inserting the words "(unless the Purchaser was the Originator)" between the
words "Originators" and "or" in the third line thereof.

         (u) Section 5.18. Section 5.18 of the Servicing Agreement is amended by
deleting the text of such section and replacing it with the following:
"Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no
representation or warranty is made by the Seller at any time with respect to any
Cendant Mortgage Loan to the extent such representation or warranty relates to
any act or omission of Purchaser in connection with the origination of such
Cendant Mortgage Loan."

         (v) [Reserved.]

         (w) Section 8.06. Section 8.06 of the Servicing Agreement is amended by
inserting the following after the last word in such section: "and except as set
forth in Section 5.18."

         (x) Section 9A.01. Section 9A.01(d) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by (i) deleting the words "grounds for Seller, in its sole discretion,
to terminate (i) this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.23(vii) and (ii) any
other Transaction Agreement(s)" and inserting the words "a Service Deficiency
for purposes of Section 11.25" in lieu thereof and (ii) deleting the last
sentence of paragraph (f) in its entirety.


                                       9
<PAGE>
         (y) Section 10.01(f). Section 10.01(f) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by adding the words "(other than with respect to any Cendant Mortgage
Loan)" between the words "Note" and "to."

         (z) Section 10.02(a)(ii). Section 10.02(a)(ii) of the Servicing
Agreement is amended by inserting the words "(other than Purchaser)" between the
words "Originator" and "or" in the third line of the first sentence thereof.

         (aa) Section 11.02(a). Section 11.02(a) of the Servicing Agreement is
amended by adding the words "(including outside accountants)" between the words
"accountants" and "and" in clause (ii) of the first sentence thereof.

         (bb) Section 11.05. Section 11.05 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by:

                  i.       Deleting the first sentence thereof and replacing it
                           with the following: "Without Seller's prior written
                           consent, which consent may be withheld by Seller in
                           its sole discretion, neither Purchaser nor any
                           Affiliate of Purchaser shall solicit any Mortgagor,
                           or cause any Mortgagor to be solicited, for
                           subordinate financing of any Mortgage Loan (other
                           than subordinate financing arranged under the Equity
                           Access program) or any product or service whatsoever,
                           including, without limitation, any investment or
                           financial services or products, insurance products or
                           services and brokerage account services."

                  ii.      Inserting the word "respective" between the words
                           "their" and "Affiliates" in each of clauses (i) and
                           (ii) of the last sentence of such section.

         (cc) Section 11.15. Section 11.15 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by deleting the text in such section and inserting the following: "This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in
that State. All actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this
Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any New York State court
or any federal court sitting in the County of New York. The parties hereto
expressly consent and agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court or
venue therein."

         (dd) Section 11.22. Section 11.22 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by deleting the text contained in such section and inserting the following:
"This Agreement shall automatically expire and terminate upon the earlier of (i)
December 31, 2010 and (ii) the date upon which the 2000 Origination Agreement is
terminated in accordance with the terms thereof. If the 2000 Origination
Agreement shall have been extended for an extension term, this Agreement shall
be automatically extended for the same extension term without any action by the
parties hereto."

         (ee) Section 11.23. Section 11.23 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by:


                                       10
<PAGE>
                  i.       Deleting the text contained in each of clauses (ii),
                           (iv), (v) and (vi) in the first sentence of such
                           section, and in each such clause, inserting the words
                           "intentionally omitted" in lieu thereof.

                  ii.      Adding the following text at the end thereof:
                           "Without limitation of the foregoing, if (A) a PHH
                           Competitor Change of Control (as defined in the 2000
                           Origination Agreement) shall have occurred, then at
                           any time after Seller shall have received notice of
                           such PHH Competitor Change of Control, Seller may, by
                           giving written notice thereof to Purchaser, terminate
                           this Agreement as of a future date specified in such
                           notice of termination; or (B) a PHH Change of Control
                           (as defined in the 2000 Origination Agreement) (other
                           than a PHH Competitor Change of Control) shall have
                           occurred, then at any time within 30 days after the
                           two year anniversary of such PHH Change of Control,
                           Seller may, by giving written notice thereof to
                           Purchaser, terminate this Agreement as of a future
                           date specified in such notice of termination."

         (ff) Section 11.24. Section 11.24 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by deleting the text contained in such section in its entirety and inserting the
following in lieu thereof: "In the event of a default (that remains uncured
after the expiration of the applicable cure period, if any) under any of (i) the
Origination Assistance Agreement, (ii) the Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement,
(iii) the Trademark Use Agreement, and/or (iv) the MLCC Portfolio Servicing
Agreement, the non-defaulting party may, at its option, terminate this
Agreement."

         (gg) Section 11.25. Section 11.25 of the Servicing Agreement is amended
by:

                  i.       Deleting the words "terminate this Agreement and any
                           or all other Transaction Agreements" at the end of
                           paragraph (b) and inserting "require Purchaser to
                           solicit bids for a subservicer as provided in
                           paragraph (d) below" in lieu thereof.

                  ii.      Deleting the words "terminate this Agreement as
                           provided for in Section 11.25(b)" in the first line
                           of paragraph (c) and inserting "solicit bids for a
                           subservicer as provided in paragraph (d) below" and
                           deleting the words "and termination" in the last
                           sentence of such paragraph."

                  iii.     Adding the following text as new paragraph (d):

"(d) In the event that Seller shall have the right to require Purchaser to
solicit bids for a Subservicer as provided in (b) above, then Purchaser, upon
Seller's written demand, shall proceed as follows:

                  (i) Purchaser shall prepare a request for proposal ("RFP") for
a Subservicer to assume Purchaser's obligations relating to the Servicing
Rights. Purchaser shall


                                       11
<PAGE>
submit such RFP to Seller for review within thirty (30) days of Seller's written
demand that Purchaser solicit bids for a Subservicer. Purchaser shall
incorporate Seller's reasonably requested revisions to such RFP within ten (10)
days of Purchaser's receipt of Seller's requested revisions.

                  (ii) Purchaser shall submit the final RFP to no less than
three (3) residential Mortgage Loan servicers reasonably chosen by Seller.

                  (iii) Purchaser shall select the bid requested by Seller.

                  (iv) Purchaser shall pay the costs of the entity chosen by
Seller as the Subservicer to assume Purchaser's obligations relating to the
Servicing Rights. If, however, the bid selected by Seller is the highest bid and
such bid exceeds the second highest bid by 10%, then Seller shall be responsible
for the difference between the selected bid and 110% of the second highest bid."

                  iv. Relabeling current paragraph (d) as paragraph (e) and
deleting the words "and the other Transaction Agreements" in such paragraph.

         (hh) New Section 11.27. The Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by
adding the following new Section 11.27:

"Section 11.27 Termination Assistance. (a) Upon expiration or termination of all
or part of the MLCC Services for any reason, Purchaser shall for a period of one
(1) year (the "Termination Assistance Period"), upon Seller's request and at
Seller's expense, continue to provide the MLCC Services that were provided prior
thereto ("Termination Assistance Services"). In providing Termination Assistance
Services, Purchaser shall provide such reasonable cooperation and technical
assistance to Seller, or to a third-party service provider designated by Seller,
as required to facilitate the transfer of the affected MLCC Services to Seller
or such third-party service provider. The rights of Seller under this Section
shall be without prejudice to the Parties' rights to pursue legal remedies for
breach of this Agreement, either for breaches prior to termination or during the
period this Agreement is continued in force post-termination. Termination
Assistance Services shall be provided for the same fees as prior to termination,
and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the MLCC
Services at the same service levels as prior to termination. MLCC hereby agrees
to continue to provide the services or meet its obligations contemplated to be
provided by it under this Agreement during the Termination Assistance Period in
order to assist Purchaser in complying with this Section 11.26(a).

(b)      If and to the extent requested by Seller, whether prior to, upon, or
following any termination of this Agreement, Purchaser shall reasonably assist
Seller in developing a plan which shall specify the tasks to be performed by the
Parties in connection with the Termination Assistance Services and the schedule
for the performance of such tasks. The transition plan shall include
descriptions of the MLCC Services, service levels, fees, documentation and
access requirements that will promote an orderly transition of the MLCC
Services.


                                       12
<PAGE>
(c)      For a period of six (6) months following the Termination Assistance
Period, Purchaser shall: (i) answer all reasonable and pertinent verbal or
written questions from Seller regarding the MLCC Services on an "as needed"
basis; and (ii) deliver to Seller any remaining Seller-owned reports and
documentation still in Purchaser's possession."

         (ii)     The Servicing Agreement is amended by replacing, throughout
         the entire agreement, any reference to "the Origination Agreement" or
         any other similar reference to "Origination Agreement" that connotes
         the singular form of such definition, with "any Origination Agreement"
         or "the Origination Agreements" or "the applicable Origination
         Agreement" or any other similar reference that connotes the plural form
         of such definition, as the context may require.

         Section 2. Amendments to the Portfolio Agreement. The Portfolio
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         (a)      Section 1.01. Section 1.01 of the Portfolio Agreement is
                  amended by:

                  i.       Deleting the definition of "Additional Collateral"
                           and replacing it with the following: "ADDITIONAL
                           COLLATERAL means with respect to any Mortgage 100
                           Loan or and Parent Power Mortgage Loan, the
                           marketable securities subject to a security interest
                           pursuant to the related Mortgage 100 Pledge Agreement
                           or the Parent Power Guaranty and Security Agreement
                           for Securities Account."

                  ii.      Deleting the definition of "Cendant Mortgage Loan"
                           and replacing it with the following: "CENDANT
                           MORTGAGE LOAN means a Mortgage Loan originated by
                           Purchaser pursuant to either (i) the 1997 Origination
                           Agreement or (ii) the 2000 Origination Agreement."

                  iii.     In the definition of "Mortgage Loan," inserting the
                           words "(or any Person on behalf of Owner)" between
                           the words "Owner" and "originates" in the third line
                           thereof.

                  iv.      In the definition of "Mortgage Loan Schedule,"
                           inserting the words "(or any Person on behalf of
                           Owner)" between the words "Owner" and "originates" in
                           the fourth line thereof.

                  v.       Deleting the definition of "Origination Agreement"
                           and replacing it with the following: "ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENTS means the 1997 Origination Agreement and
                           the 2000 Origination Agreement."

                  vi.      Adding the following definition: "1997 ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENT means the Mortgage Loan Purchase and
                           Services Agreement dated as of September 24, 1997
                           between Seller and PHH Mortgage Services Corporation,
                           as the same may be amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof."


                                       13
<PAGE>
                  vii.     Adding the following definition: "2000 ORIGINATION
                           AGREEMENT means the Origination Assistance Agreement
                           dated as of December 15, 2000 between the Seller and
                           the Purchaser, as the same may be amended from time
                           to time in accordance with the terms thereof."

                  viii.    Deleting the definition of "Permission Agreement" and
                           replacing it with the following definition:
                           "PERMISSION AGREEMENT means (i) from January 28, 2000
                           through January 1, 2001, the Permission Agreement
                           dated as of January 28, 2000 between Seller and
                           Purchaser and (ii) on and after January 2, 2001, the
                           Trademark Use Agreement."

                  ix.      Adding the following definition: "TRADEMARK USE
                           AGREEMENT means the Trademark Use Agreement dated as
                           of December 15, 2000 between Seller and Purchaser."

                  x.       Deleting the definition of "Purchase and Sale
                           Agreement" and replacing it with the following
                           definition: "PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENTS means the
                           First Purchase and Sale Agreement and the Second
                           Purchase and Sale Agreement."

                  xi.      Adding the following definition: "FIRST PURCHASE AND
                           SALE AGREEMENT means the Servicing Rights Purchase
                           and Sale Agreement dated as of January 28, 2000,
                           between the Owner, as seller, and the Company, as
                           purchaser."

                  xii.     Adding the following definition: "SECOND PURCHASE AND
                           SALE AGREEMENT means the Servicing Rights Purchase
                           and Sale Agreement dated as of December 15, 2000,
                           between the Owner, as seller, and the Company, as
                           purchaser."

                  xiii.    Adding the words "as amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof" to the end of the
                           definition of "SECURITIZED LOAN PRIMARY SERVICING
                           AGREEMENT."

                  xiv.     Adding the words "as amended from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms thereof" to the end of the
                           definition of "SUBSERVICING AGREEMENT."

                  xv.      Deleting the definition of "Transaction Agreements"
                           and replacing it with the following definition:
                           "TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS means this Agreement, the
                           Permission Agreement, the First Purchase and Sale
                           Agreement, the 2000 Origination Agreement, the Loan
                           Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of December 15,
                           2000 between Purchaser and Seller, and the Equity
                           Access(R) and Omega Subservicing Agreement dated as
                           of January 2, 2001 between


                                       14
<PAGE>
                           Purchaser and Seller; provided, however, that the
                           term "Transaction Agreements" shall not include any
                           agreements which have been terminated in accordance
                           with their respective terms."

                  xvi.     In the definition of "Applicable Requirements," (A)
                           adding "collectively, (1)" between the words
                           "reference" and "with" in the first line thereof, (B)
                           replacing the first parenthetical in clause (b) with
                           the following words "(including laws, statutes,
                           rules, regulations, administrative interpretations
                           and ordinances as well as any of the foregoing
                           requirements applicable to Company by virtue of its
                           state licenses, qualifications and exemptions and by
                           virtue of its being a subsidiary of Merrill Lynch
                           Bank USA)", (C) deleting the word "and" immediately
                           prior to clause (f), and (D) adding the following to
                           the end of such definition: "and (g) any applicable
                           MLCC or Merrill Lynch Bank USA internal policies and
                           procedures, as revised from time to time in
                           accordance with the terms hereof, and (2) the Foreign
                           Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended."

         (b)      Section 2.01(i). Section 2.01(i) of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by adding the following sentence at the end of such paragraph:
   "Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the
   Owner maintains agreements with document custodians selected by it from time
   to time, pursuant to which such custodians maintain Mortgage Loan files on
   behalf of the Owner. The Company agrees to cooperate with such custodians and
   request from such custodians the documents and Mortgage Files required by the
   Company which are maintained by such custodians (with a copy of such request
   sent to the Owner).

         (c)      Section 2.04(a). Section 2.04(a) of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by adding the words "(including outside accountants)" between the
   words "accountants" and "supervisory" in the first line thereof.

         (d)      [Reserved.]

         (e)      Section 5.02(a)(i). Section 5.02(a)(i) of the Portfolio
   Agreement is amended by inserting the words "any custodian that maintains
   documents or Mortgage Files on behalf of the Owner," between the words
   "Owner," and "any" in the first line thereof.

         (f)      Section 5.02(a)(ii). Section 5.02(a)(ii) of the Portfolio
   Agreement is amended by inserting after the end of the first sentence the
   following words: "The Company shall, as the Owner may request, either (A)
   enter into such agreements with the Owner, in which case the Owner's rights
   and obligations thereunder shall be freely assignable and delegable to the
   Subsequent Purchaser without any further action or consent by the Company, or
   (B) enter into such agreement directly with the Subsequent Purchaser."


                                       15
<PAGE>
         (g)      Section 5.02(a)(iii). Section 5.02(a)(iii) of the Portfolio
   Agreement is amended by inserting the words "for the benefit of the
   Subsequent Purchaser" after the words "Purchase and Sale Agreement" in the
   second line thereof.

         (h)      Section 5.02(a). Section 5.02(a) of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by replacing the period at the end of subclause (vii) with a
   semicolon and adding the word "and" after such inserted semicolon.

         (i)      Section 8.01. Section 8.01 of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by:

                  i.       Deleting the first sentence thereof and replacing it
                           with the following: "Without Owner's prior written
                           consent, which consent may be withheld by Owner in
                           its sole discretion, neither Company nor any
                           Affiliate of Company shall solicit any Mortgagor, or
                           cause any Mortgagor to be solicited, for subordinate
                           financing of any Mortgage Loan (other than
                           subordinate financing arranged under the Equity
                           Access program) or any product or service whatsoever,
                           including, without limitation, any investment or
                           financial services or products, insurance products or
                           services and brokerage account services."

                  ii.      Inserting the word "respective" between the words
                           "their" and "Affiliates" in each of clauses (i) and
                           (ii) of the last sentence of such section.

         (j)      Section 10.01. Section 10.01 of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by deleting the text contained in clause (b) at the end of the first
   paragraph of such section and inserting in lieu thereof the words "as to the
   First Purchase and Sale Agreement, such agreement may be terminated as to the
   Subsequent Flow Mortgage Loans and the Quarterly Bulk Mortgage Loans, as more
   particularly defined therein."

         (k)      Section 10.02(b). Section 10.02(b) of the Portfolio Agreement
   is amended by deleting the words "any or all other Transaction Agreements" at
   the end of such section, and inserting the following in lieu thereof: "the
   First Purchase and Sale Agreement as to the Subsequent Flow Mortgage Loans
   and the Quarterly Bulk Mortgage Loans, as more particularly defined therein."

         (l)      Section 10.02(d). Section 10.02(d) of the Portfolio Agreement
   is amended by deleting the words "and the other Transaction Agreements."

         (m)      Section 15.02(a). Section 15.02(a) of the Portfolio Agreement
   is amended by adding the words "(including outside accountants)" between the
   words "accountants" and "and" in the second line thereof.

         (n)      Section 15.13. Section 15.13 of the Portfolio Agreement is
   amended by deleting the text of such section in its entirety and replacing it
   with the following: "This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
   accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
   executed in and to be performed in that State. All


                                       16
<PAGE>
   actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
   heard and determined exclusively in any New York State court or any federal
   court sitting in the County of New York. The parties hereto expressly consent
   and agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court or venue therein."

         (o)      The Portfolio Agreement is amended by replacing, throughout
   the entire agreement, any reference to "the Origination Agreement" or any
   other similar reference to "Origination Agreement" that connotes the singular
   form of such definition, with "any Origination Agreement" or "the Origination
   Agreements" or "the applicable Origination Agreement" or any other similar
   reference that connotes the plural form of such definition, as the context
   may require.

         (p)      The Portfolio Agreement is amended by replacing, throughout
   the entire agreement (except as set forth in Section 2(j) above), any
   reference to "the Purchase and Sale Agreement" or any other similar reference
   to "Purchase and Sale Agreement" that connotes the singular form of such
   definition, with "any Purchase and Sale Agreement" or "the Purchase and Sale
   Agreements" or "the applicable Purchase and Sale Agreement" or any other
   similar reference that connotes the plural form of such definition, as the
   context may require.

         Section 3. Amendments to the Sub-Servicing Agreement. The Sub-Servicing
Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         (a)      Section 7.01. Section 7.01 of the Sub-Servicing Agreement is
   amended by:

                  i.       Deleting the first sentence thereof and replacing it
                           with the following: "Without Servicer's prior written
                           consent, which consent may be withheld by Servicer in
                           its sole discretion, neither Subservicer nor any
                           Affiliate of Subservicer shall solicit any Mortgagor,
                           or cause any Mortgagor to be solicited, for
                           subordinate financing of any Mortgage Loan (other
                           than subordinate financing arranged under the Equity
                           Access program) or any product or service whatsoever,
                           including, without limitation, any investment or
                           financial services or products, insurance products or
                           services and brokerage account services."

                  ii.      Inserting the word "respective" between the words
                           "their" and "Affiliates" in each of clauses (i) and
                           (ii) of the last sentence of such section.

         (b)      Section 14.01. Section 14.01 of the Sub-Servicing Agreement is
   amended by (i) deleting the text "any other Transaction Agreement. (As"
   contained in the first sentence of such section and inserting in lieu thereof
   the word "as" and (ii) deleting the ")" at the end of the first sentence, as
   such first sentence has been amended by clause (i) of this Section 3(b).


                                       17
<PAGE>
         (c)      Section 14.02(b). Section 14.02(b) of the Sub-Servicing
   Agreement is amended by deleting the words "any or all other Transaction
   Agreements" at the end of such section, and inserting the following in lieu
   thereof: "the First Purchase and Sale Agreement as to the Subsequent Flow
   Mortgage Loans and the Quarterly Bulk Mortgage Loans, as more particularly
   defined therein."

         (d)      Section 14.02(d). Section 14.02(d) of the Sub-Servicing
   Agreement is amended by deleting the words "and the other Transaction
   Agreements."

         (e)      Section 17.14. Section 17.14 of the Sub-Servicing Agreement is
   amended by deleting the text of such section in its entirety and replacing it
   with the following: "This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
   accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
   executed in and to be performed in that State. All actions and proceedings
   arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined
   exclusively in any New York State court or any federal court sitting in the
   County of New York. The parties hereto expressly consent and agree to the
   exclusive jurisdiction of any such court or venue therein."

         (f)      Section 1.01. Section 1.01 of the Sub-Servicing Agreement is
   amended by making the following changes in the definition of "Applicable
   Requirements": (A) adding "collectively, (1)" between the words "reference"
   and "with" in the first line thereof, (B) replacing the first parenthetical
   in clause (b) with the following words "(including laws, statutes, rules,
   regulations, administrative interpretations and ordinances as well as any of
   the foregoing requirements applicable to Servicer by virtue of its state
   licenses, qualifications and exemptions and by virtue of its being a
   subsidiary of Merrill Lynch Bank USA)", (C) deleting the word "and"
   immediately prior to clause (f), and (D) adding the following to the end of
   such definition: "and (g) any applicable MLCC or Merrill Lynch Bank USA
   internal policies and procedures, as revised from time to time in accordance
   with the terms hereof, and (2) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as
   amended."

         SECTION 4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to
contracts executed in and to be performed in that State. All actions and
proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and
determined exclusively in any New York State court or any federal court sitting
in the County of New York. The parties hereto expressly consent and agree to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any such court or venue therein.

         SECTION 5. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties hereto hereby
waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any right it may have
to a trial by jury with respect to any litigation directly or indirectly arising
out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or any Terminated Agreement.

         SECTION 6. Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other
remedy at law or in equity.


                                       18
<PAGE>
         SECTION 7. Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this
Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

         SECTION 8. Miscellaneous. This Agreement may be modified or amended
only be a writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed
(including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed
and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

         SECTION 9. Fees and Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement, the termination of the Terminated Agreements or
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses.

         SECTION 10. Ratification. Except as amended hereby, the Servicing
Agreement and the Portfolio Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force
and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed.

         SECTION 11. Benefit and Binding Effect. The terms of this Agreement
shall be effective as of the date hereof, upon signature of counterparts by all
parties, and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of MLCC and Cendant
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.


                                       19
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized.

                                        MERRILL LYNCH CREDIT CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                        CENDANT MORTGAGE CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:


                                       20

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
