<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y84649exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASXE AND SALE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1





                     MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS TRUST
                               SERIES MLCC 2003-A

                       MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES



                    MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


                                     Between

                        MERRILL LYNCH CREDIT CORPORATION

                                       and

                     MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS, INC.


                          dated as of February 1, 2003
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           PAGE
                                                                           ----
<S>                                                                        <C>
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS..................................................     1

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MLCC AND MLMI..............     2

SECTION 3. ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS OF MLCC     3

SECTION 4. CONVEYANCE OF MORTGAGE LOANS.................................     4

SECTION 5. INTENTION OF PARTIES.........................................     4

SECTION 6. SERVICING OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL MORTGAGE LOANS............     5

SECTION 7. TERMINATION..................................................     5

SECTION 8. MISCELLANEOUS................................................     6
</TABLE>


                                       i
<PAGE>
                    MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

      This Mortgage Loan Purchase and Sale Agreement (the "Agreement") is made
as of February 1, 2003, by and between Merrill Lynch Credit Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("MLCC") and Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("MLMI").

      WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to provide for the purchase and sale of
the Mortgage Loans on the Closing Date (as defined in the Trust Agreement, dated
as of February 1, 2003 (the "Trust Agreement") among MLMI, as depositor, Wells
Fargo Bank Minnesota, National Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"), and
acknowledged by MLCC, as Seller) (the "Mortgage Loans"), in accordance with the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties in consideration of good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

      Section 1.  Definitions.

      Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases, unless
the context otherwise requires, shall have the following meaning specified in
this Article. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in the Trust Agreement.

      Additional Collateral: (i) With respect to any Mortgage 100(sm) Loan, the
Securities Account and the financial assets held therein subject to a security
interest pursuant to the related Mortgage 100(sm) Pledge Agreement, or (ii) with
respect to any Parent Power(R) Mortgage Loan, the related Parent Power(R)
Agreement.

      Additional Collateral Mortgage Loan: Each Mortgage Loan, as identified on
the Mortgage Loan Schedule, as to which Additional Collateral was required to be
provided at the closing thereof.

      Control Agreement: With respect to each Mortgage 100(sm) Loan, the Merrill
Lynch Pledged Collateral Account Control Agreement between the Guarantor or
Mortgagor, as applicable, the Seller and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated, pursuant to which the Guarantor or Mortgagor, as applicable, has
granted a security interest to the MLCC in a Securities Account.

      Guarantor:  Any Person who has guaranteed payment of a Mortgage Loan
pursuant to a Parent Power(R) Agreement.

      Mortgage 100(sm) Loan: A Mortgage Loan secured by Additional Collateral in
the form of a security interest in the Securities Account and the financial
assets held therein and having a value, as of the date of origination of such
Mortgage Loan, of at least equal to the related Original Additional Collateral
Requirement.

      Mortgage 100(sm) Pledge Agreement: With respect to each Mortgage 100(sm)
Loan, the Pledge Agreement for Securities Account between the related Mortgagor
and the MLCC pursuant to which such Mortgagor granted a security interest in the
related securities and other financial assets held therein.
<PAGE>
      Original Additional Collateral Requirement: With respect to any Additional
Collateral Mortgage Loan, generally 30 percent of the original principal balance
of such Mortgage Loan or such lesser percentage thereof as is specified by MLCC
in connection with the origination of such Additional Collateral Mortgage Loan.

      Parent Power(R) Agreement: With respect to each Parent Power(R) Mortgage
Loan, a Parent Power(R) Guaranty and Security Agreement for Securities Account.

      Parent Power(R) Guaranty and Security Agreement for Securities Account:
With respect to a Parent Power(R) Mortgage Loan, an agreement between the Seller
and a guarantor on behalf of the Mortgagor under such Parent Power(R) Mortgage
Loan pursuant to which such guarantor guarantees the payment of certain losses
under such Parent Power(R) Mortgage Loan and has granted a security interest to
the Seller in certain marketable securities to collateralize such guaranty. The
required amount of such collateral is at least equal to the Original Additional
Collateral Requirement for such Parent Power(R) Mortgage Loan.

      Parent Power(R) Mortgage Loan: A Mortgage Loan having at the time of
origination a Loan-to-Value Ratio generally in excess of the Seller's maximum
acceptable Loan-to-Value Ratio for such Mortgage Loan as set forth in the
Underwriting Standards, which Mortgage Loan is supported by a Parent Power(R)
Agreement.

      Pledge Agreement:  Any Mortgage 100(sm) Pledge Agreement or Parent
Power(R) Guaranty and Security Agreement for Securities Account related to an
Additional Collateral Mortgage Loan.

      Securities Account: With respect to any Additional Collateral Mortgage
Loans, the account, together with the financial assets held therein, that are
the subject of the related Pledge Agreement.

      Support Agreement: That certain Support Agreement dated as of February
28, 1996 between Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. and the Seller and acknowledged by
the Surety Bond Issuer.

      Surety Agreement: That certain Surety Bond Reimbursement Agreement, as
amended, dated as of February 28, 1996 between the Seller and the Surety Bond
Issuer.

      Surety Bond means the limited purpose surety bond (Policy No. AB0039BE),
dated February 28, 1996 in respect to Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller,
issued by the Surety Bond Issuer for the benefit of certain beneficiaries, but
only to the extent that such Surety Bond covers any Additional Collateral
Mortgage Loan.

      Surety Bond Issuer: means Ambac Assurance Corporation (f/k/a Ambac
Indemnity Corporation), or any successor thereto.

      Section 2. Representations and Warranties of MLCC and MLMI. MLCC and MLMI,
each as to itself and not the other, hereby represents, warrants and agrees for
the benefit of the other party that:

      (a) Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by it are within its respective powers and have been duly authorized
by all necessary action on its part.


                                       2
<PAGE>
      (b) No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
will not violate or conflict with (i) its charter or bylaws, (ii) any resolution
or other corporate action by it, or (iii) any decisions, statutes, ordinances,
rulings, directions, rules, regulations, orders, writs, decrees, injunctions,
permits, certificates or other requirements of any court or other governmental
or public authority in any way applicable to or binding upon it, and will not
result in or require the creation, except as provided in or contemplated by this
Agreement, of any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge or
encumbrance of any kind upon the Mortgage Loans.

      (c) Binding Obligation. This Agreement has been duly executed by it and is
its legally valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance
with this Agreement's terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting
creditors' rights generally, and by general principles of equity.

      Section 3.  Additional Representations, Warranties and Agreements of
MLCC.

      (a) MLCC represents and warrants to, and agrees with, MLMI that (i) on
the Closing Date, MLCC will have good, valid and marketable title to the
Mortgage Loans that are identified in Schedule A to the Trust Agreement and the
contractual rights with respect to the Mortgage Loans under the Servicing
Agreement in each case free and clear of all liens, mortgages, deeds of trust,
pledges, security interests, charges, encumbrances or other claims; and (ii)
upon transfer to MLMI, MLMI will receive good, valid and marketable title to all
of the Mortgage Loans and will receive all of MLCC's contractual rights and
obligations under the Servicing Agreement, in each case free and clear of any
liens, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledges, security interests, charges,
encumbrances or other claims.

      (b) MLCC hereby makes the representations and warranties as to the
Mortgage Loans set forth in Schedule B to the Trust Agreement, for the benefit
of MLMI and the Trustee. With respect to the representations and warranties
described in Schedule B which are made to the best of MLCC's knowledge, if it is
discovered by any of the Trustee, the Servicer or MLMI that the substance of
such representation and warranty is inaccurate, then notwithstanding MLCC's lack
of knowledge with respect to the substance of such representation and warranty
being inaccurate at the time the representation or warranty was made, such
inaccuracy shall be deemed a breach of the applicable representation or
warranty.

      (c) MLCC hereby agrees that it will comply with the provisions of
Section 2.04 of the Trust Agreement in respect of a breach of any of the
representations and warranties set forth in this Section 3.

      (d) MLCC hereby represents and warrants for the benefit of MLMI and the
Trustee: (i) the Mortgage Loans constitute "instruments" within the meaning of
the applicable UCC; (ii) MLCC, immediately prior to its transfer of Mortgage
Loans under this Agreement, will own and have good, valid and marketable title
to the Mortgage Loans free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any
Person; (iii) MLCC has received all consents and approvals required by the terms
of the Mortgage Loans to the sale of the Mortgage Loans hereunder to MLMI; (iv)
MLCC has received a written acknowledgment from the Custodian that the Custodian
is holding the Mortgage Notes that constitute or evidence the Mortgage Loans
solely on behalf and for the benefit of MLMI; (v) other than the security
interest granted to MLMI pursuant to this


                                       3
<PAGE>
Agreement and security interests granted to lenders which will be automatically
released at the Closing, MLCC has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a
security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Mortgage Loans; MLCC has
not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements
against it that include a description of collateral covering the Mortgage Loans
other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to
MLMI hereunder or that will be automatically released upon the sales to MLMI;
(vi) MLCC is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filing against itself; and
(vii) none of the Mortgage Notes that constitute or evidence the Mortgage Loans
has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or
otherwise conveyed to any Person other than MLMI.

      Section 4.  Conveyance of Mortgage Loans.

      (a) Mortgage Loans. MLCC, concurrently with the execution and delivery
hereof, hereby sells, transfers, assigns, sets over and otherwise conveys to
MLMI, without recourse, all of MLCC's right, title and interest in and to (i)
the Mortgage Loans, including the related Mortgage Documents and all interest
and principal received or receivable by MLCC on or with respect to the Mortgage
Loans after the Cut-off Date and all interest and principal payments on the
Mortgage Loans received prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of installments of
interest and principal due thereafter, but not including payments of interest
and principal due and payable on the Mortgage Loans on or before the Cut-off
Date, and all other proceeds received in respect of such Mortgage Loans, (ii)
MLCC's rights and obligations under the Servicing Agreement with respect to the
Mortgage Loans, (iii) the pledge, control and guaranty agreements and the
Limited Purpose Surety Bond relating to the Additional Collateral Mortgage
Loans, (iv) the Insurance Policies with respect to the Mortgage Loans, (v) all
cash, instruments or other property held or required to be deposited in the
Custodial Accounts and the Distribution Account and (vi) all proceeds of the
conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of any of the foregoing into cash or other
liquid assets, including, without limitation, all Insurance Proceeds,
Liquidation Proceeds and condemnation awards.

      On or prior to the Closing Date, MLCC shall deliver to MLMI or, at MLMI's
direction, to the Trustee, the Trustee's Mortgage File for each Mortgage Loan in
the manner set forth in Section 2.01 of the Trust Agreement. Release of the
Trustee's Mortgage Files on the Closing Date shall be made against payment by
MLMI of the purchase price for the Mortgage Loans. The amount of the purchase
price payable by MLMI shall be set forth in writing in a separate letter.

      (b) Defective Mortgage Loans. If any Mortgage Loan is required to be
repurchased due to defective or missing documentation pursuant to Section 2.04
of the Trust Agreement, MLCC shall, at its option, either (a) repurchase or
cause the applicable seller of such Mortgage Loan to MLCC to repurchase such
Mortgage Loan at the Purchase Price, or (b) provide or cause the applicable
seller of such Mortgage Loan to MLCC to provide a Replacement Mortgage Loan,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Trust Agreement.

      Section 5. Intention of Parties. It is the express intent of the parties
hereto that (without addressing characterization for GAAP purposes) the
conveyance of the Mortgage Loans by MLCC to MLMI be construed as, an absolute
sale thereof. It is, further, not the intention of the parties that such
conveyance be deemed a pledge thereof. However, in the event that,
notwithstanding the intent of the parties, such assets are held to be the
property of the assigning party, or if for any other reason this Agreement is
held or deemed to create a security interest in


                                       4
<PAGE>
the Mortgage Loans, then (i) this Agreement shall be deemed to be a security
agreement within the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New
York and (ii) the conveyance provided for in this Agreement shall be deemed to
be an assignment and a grant by MLCC to MLMI of a security interest in all of
the assets described in such conveyances, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired.

      MLCC and MLMI shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take
such actions as may be necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed
to create a security interest in the Mortgage Loans, such security interest
would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under
applicable law and will be maintained as such throughout the term of this
Agreement. MLCC shall arrange for filing any Uniform Commercial Code
continuation statements in connection with any security interest granted or
assigned hereunder.

      Section 6.  Servicing of Additional Collateral Mortgage Loans.

      MLCC and MLMI agree with respect to the Additional Collateral Mortgage
Loans:

            (i) MLCC, at its own cost and expense, shall administer the
      Additional Collateral and the Control Agreement for the benefit of MLMI
      (i) in a prudent and non-negligent manner and in accordance with the
      procedures it employs to administer Securities Accounts for its own
      benefit (as the same may be amended from time to time); (ii) in accordance
      with the terms of the related Pledge Agreements, the applicable Mortgage
      Loan Documents and this Agreement; and (iii) in accordance with applicable
      law;

            (ii) MLCC shall be released from its obligations to administer the
      Additional Collateral, upon termination of the related Pledge Agreement.
      MLMI acknowledges that it shall no longer be afforded coverage under the
      terms and provisions of the Surety Bond as to any particular Additional
      Collateral Mortgage Loan at such time as MLCC's obligation to administer
      such Additional Collateral Mortgage Loan terminates pursuant to the terms
      of the related Pledge Agreement.

            (iii) MLCC may, without the consent of MLMI, amend or modify a
      Mortgage 100(sm) Pledge Agreement or a Parent Power(R) Agreement in any
      nonmaterial respect to reflect administrative or account changes.

            (iv) When a "Loss," as defined in the related Pledge Agreement, is
      determined, the "cash collateral" necessary to satisfy the Loss up to the
      Maximum Amount (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) shall be sent to the
      Servicer to apply in accordance with the Mortgage Loan Documents and hold
      in accordance with the Servicing Agreement.

      Section 7.  Termination.

      (a) MLMI may terminate this Agreement, by notice to MLCC, at any time at
or prior to the Closing Date:

            (i) if the Underwriting Agreement is terminated by the Underwriters
      pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement or if the Underwriters
      do not complete the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting
      Agreement as the result of the failure of


                                       5
<PAGE>
      any condition set forth therein or if there has been, since the time of
      execution of this Agreement or since the respective dates as of which
      information is given in the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, any
      material adverse change in the financial condition, earnings, business
      affairs or business prospects of MLCC, whether or not arising in the
      ordinary course of business, or

            (ii) if there has occurred any material adverse change in the
      financial markets in the United States, any outbreak of hostilities or
      escalation thereof or other calamity or crisis or any change or
      development involving a prospective change in national or international
      political, financial or economic conditions, in each case the effect of
      which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Underwriters,
      impracticable to market the Certificates or to enforce contracts for the
      sale of the Certificates, or

            (iii) if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or
      New York authorities.

      (b) Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the completion of
all sales contemplated hereby, the representations, warranties and agreements in
Sections 1 and 2 hereof shall survive and remain in full force and effect.

      Section 8.  Miscellaneous.

      (a) Amendments, Etc. No rescission, modification, amendment, supplement or
change of this Agreement shall be valid or effective unless in writing and
signed by all of the parties to this Agreement. No amendment of this Agreement
may modify or waive the representations, warranties and agreements set forth in
Sections 2 and 3 hereof.

      (b) Binding Upon Successors, Etc. This Agreement shall bind and inure to
the benefit of and be enforceable by MLCC and MLMI, and the respective
successors and assigns thereof. The parties hereto acknowledge that MLMI is
acquiring the Mortgage Loans for the purpose of pledging, transferring,
assigning, setting over and otherwise conveying them to the Trustee, pursuant to
the Trust Agreement for inclusion in the Trust Fund. As an inducement to MLMI to
purchase the Mortgage Loans, MLCC acknowledges and consents to the assignment to
the Trustee by MLMI of all of MLMI's rights against MLCC hereunder in respect of
the Mortgage Loans sold to MLMI and that the enforcement or exercise of any
right or remedy against MLCC hereunder by the Trustee or to the extent permitted
under the Trust Agreement shall have the same force and effect as if enforced
and exercised by MLMI directly.

      (c) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

      (d) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

      (e) Headings. The headings of the several parts of this Agreement are
inserted for convenience of reference and are not intended to be a part of or
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.


                                       6
<PAGE>
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has caused this Mortgage Loan Purchase and
Sale Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer or officers as of
the day and year first above written.

                                         MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS, INC.



                                         By:__________________________________
                                         Name:  John Winchester
                                         Title: Authorized Signatory



                                         MERRILL LYNCH CREDIT CORPORATION



                                         By:__________________________________
                                         Name:  Kathy A. Ciaffa
                                         Title: Vice President



                                       7



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
