<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.13
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
Exhibit 10.13


                                 RETIREMENT PLAN



                                       OF



                                 MARITRANS INC.


               (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2002

                    with amendments through January 1, 2003)





















<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
<S>                        <C>                                                                                   <C>
ARTICLE I                  ADOPTION OF PLAN.......................................................................3

ARTICLE II                 DEFINITIONS............................................................................4

ARTICLE III                ELIGIBILITY............................................................................8

ARTICLE IV                 CONTRIBUTIONS AND SOURCE OF BENEFITS...................................................8

ARTICLE V                  RETIREMENT DATES.......................................................................8

ARTICLE VI                 RETIREMENT BENEFITS....................................................................8

ARTICLE VII                DEATH BENEFITS.........................................................................8

ARTICLE VIII               SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR TOP-HEAVY PLANS.................................................8

ARTICLE IX                 ADMINISTRATION AND FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY............................................8

ARTICLE X                  AMENDMENT OF PLAN......................................................................8

ARTICLE XI                 TERMINATION OF PLAN....................................................................8

ARTICLE XII                ADOPTION OF PLAN BY AFFILIATED COMPANY.................................................8

ARTICLE XIII               MISCELLANEOUS..........................................................................8

EXHIBIT A                  PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS................................................................8

EXHIBIT B                  ADOPTION AGREEMENT OF PARTICIPATING EMPLOYER...........................................8

EXHIBIT C                  MINIMUM BENEFITS FOR SEAGOING SUPERVISORS..............................................8

EXHIBIT D                  MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION INCIDENTAL BENEFIT TABLES.........................................8
</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE I

                                ADOPTION OF PLAN

         Maritrans GP, Inc., (the "Employer") with its principal office in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, acquired the assets of and employed the employees of
Sonat Marine Inc., and certain affiliates, on April 14, 1987, and adopted the
Retirement Plan of Sonat Marine Inc. (the "Plan") effective that date for
eligible employees. The Plan was renamed the Retirement Plan of Maritrans GP,
Inc. at that time.

         Effective April 1, 1993, in connection with a change in business
structure, the sponsorship of the Plan was transferred to Maritrans Inc. and the
name of the Plan was changed to the "Retirement Plan of Maritrans Inc."

         The Plan was previously amended and restated to incorporate all
previous amendments and comply with legislative requirements.

         The Plan was previously amended and restated, effective January 1, 1997
to incorporate prior amendments and to reflect applicable provisions of the
Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade adopted through the enactment of the Uruguay
Round Agreements, the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, and the
Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997.

          The Plan is now amended and restated, effective January 1, 2002
(except as otherwise provided herein) to incorporate all previous amendments and
to reflect the applicable provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief
Reconciliation Act of 2001 ("EGTRRA"), certain provisions of final regulations
issued by the Department of Labor with respect to claims administration, and
final regulations issued by the Department of Treasury regarding required
minimum distributions. The Plan as amended and restated herein, shall apply in
general only to an Employee who terminates employment on or after January 1,
2002. This Plan is intended to meet the requirements for good faith compliance
with EGTRRA and is to be construed in accordance with EGTRRA and guidance issued
thereunder. The rights and benefits, if any, of a former Employee shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Plan in effect on the date
the former Employee's employment terminated.
















                                       -3-
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE II

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

         Whenever used herein the following words and phrases shall have the
meaning set forth below unless a different meaning is plainly required by the
context. The singular shall include or mean the plural and the masculine pronoun
shall include or mean the feminine pronoun, where applicable.

         2.1 "Accrued Benefit" shall mean the monthly retirement benefit which a
Participant has earned to any date and shall be the amount computed as provided
in Section 6.1 based upon the number of Years of Credited Service the
Participant could have attained if the Participant remained in the Employer's or
Participating Employer's Service until Normal Retirement Date multiplied by a
fraction in which the numerator is the Participant's actual Years of
Participation and the denominator is the total Years of Participation the
Participant could have attained if the Participant remained in the Employer's
Service until Normal Retirement Date or, in the case of a Participant who
remains in the Employer's or Participating Employer's Service after Normal
Retirement Date, in which the denominator is the actual Years of Participation
the Participant has attained at the Participant's Late Retirement Date.

         2.2 "Actuarial Equivalent" (or "Actuarial Reduction") shall mean
equality (or reduction) of benefits when computed in accordance with the Unisex
Pension Tables for 1984 with interest at 6 1/2% per annum.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing and effective January 1, 1999, lump sum
distributions under Sections 5.4, 6.9, 7.1 or 11.3 shall be the amount equal to
the greater of (a) or (b) where (a) is an amount calculated using the
"Applicable Interest Rate" and the "Applicable Mortality Table," and (b) is an
amount calculated using an interest rate of 6 1/2% and the "Applicable Mortality
Table." "Applicable Interest Rate" for distributions in any Plan Year shall mean
the annual rate of interest on 30-year Treasury securities for the month
immediately preceding the date of distribution. "Applicable Mortality Table"
shall mean the table prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to
Section 417(e)(3)(A)(ii)(I) of the Code.

         For purposes of Section 6.12(b), if a Participant's pension is payable
in a form subject to Section 417(e)(3) of the Code, the Actuarial Equivalent
shall be an amount determined by using the Applicable Mortality Table and the
Applicable Interest Rate, both as described in the preceding paragraph. For
purposes of Section 6.12(c), the Actuarial Equivalent of the dollar limitation
set forth in subparagraph 6.12(a)(1) applicable to benefits commencing before
the Participant attains age 62 shall be determined by using the Applicable
Mortality Table, as described in the preceding paragraph, and an interest
assumption of 6 1/2%. For purposes of Section 6.12(e), the Actuarial Equivalent
of the dollar limitation applicable to benefits commencing after the
Participant's Social Security Retirement Age, or effective January 1, 2002, age
65, shall be an amount determined by using the Applicable Mortality Table, as
described in the preceding paragraph, and an interest assumption of 5%.

         2.3 "Actuary" shall mean an actuary enrolled as provided in section
3042 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

         2.4 "Affiliated Company" shall mean: (a) any corporation that is a
member of the same controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Code
section 414(b)) as the Employer; (b) any member of an affiliated service group,
as determined under Code section 414(m), of which the Employer is a member; (c)
any trade or business that is under common control with the Employer, as
determined under Code section 414(c) and (d) any other entity which is required
to be aggregated with the Employer under Code section 414(o). "50% Affiliated
Company" means an Affiliated Company, but determined by substituting the phrase
"more than 50 percent" for the phrase "at least 80 percent" in Code section
1563(a), when applying Code sections 414(b) and 414(c).








                                       -4-
<PAGE>

         2.5 "Anniversary Date" shall mean the first day of each Plan Year
during which the Plan is in effect.

         2.6 "Average Basic Monthly Compensation" shall mean the average of a
Participant's Basic Monthly Compensation as determined for those 5 consecutive
Plan Years (or over the most recent consecutive Years of Service prior to
termination of employment with the Employer or Participating Employer if less
than 5) prior to termination of employment, that will include the Participant's
highest average amount of Basic Monthly Compensation. Years of Service for
purposes of determining Average Basic Monthly Compensation shall include all
Years of Service credited under the Prior Plan.

         2.7      "Basic Monthly Compensation"

         (a) Except as provided in Subsection 2.7(b), "Basic Monthly
Compensation" shall mean 1/12th of a Participant's annual rate of Compensation
as determined on each Anniversary Date of the Plan. "Compensation" shall include
a Participant's annual rate of base salary and all amounts which the Participant
elects to defer under the provisions of a Code section 125 plan or a cash or
deferred arrangement maintained by the Employer or Participating Employer
pursuant to Code Section 401(k), or, for Plan Years beginning on or after
January 1, 2001, section 132(f)(4) of the Code; exclusive of payments for
overtime, discretionary or incentive bonuses, fringe benefits and severance pay.
In the case of a sea-going supervisor, Basic Monthly Compensation shall be such
individual's daily rate of pay multiplied by 182.75, plus 80% of such
individual's daily rate of pay multiplied by 18. The annual rate of Compensation
for a salaried Employee shall be the regular salary rate in effect at each
Anniversary Date, and for an hourly paid Employee it shall mean the regular
hourly rate on each Anniversary Date multiplied by 2,080.

         (b) In addition to other applicable limitations which may be set forth
in the Plan and notwithstanding any other contrary provision of the Plan, a
Participant's Compensation taken into account under the Plan shall not exceed
the dollar limitation in effect under Code section 401(a)(17) with respect to
any Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the dollar limitation shall be
$200,000, as adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance with section
401(a)(17) of the Code, for the purposes of determining benefit accruals for a
Participant who performs an Hour of Service in a Plan Year beginning after
December 31, 2001.

         2.8 "Benefit Commencement Date" means, the date as of which a
Participant's first benefit payment (whether a single sum or an annuity
installment payment) is made (or the date such payment is due, if such payment
is delayed) to the Participant (or to the Spouse or other beneficiary of the
Participant if the Participant's death occurs prior to that date).

         2.9 "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of the
Employer.

         2.10 "Break in Service" shall mean any 12-consecutive month period
beginning on an Employee's Date of Severance and each anniversary thereof during
which an Employee fails to perform an Hour of Service. An Employee who is absent
from work for maternity or paternity reasons shall not be treated as having
incurred a Break in Service during the twelve month period beginning on the
first anniversary of the first date of such absence. For purposes of this
Section 2.10, an absence from work for maternity or paternity reasons means an
absence (a) by reason of the pregnancy of the Employee, (b) by reason of a birth
of a child of the Employee, (c) by reason of the placement of a child with the
Employee in connection with the adoption of such child by the Employee, or (d)
for purposes of caring for such child for a period beginning immediately
following such birth or placement. In order for this Section 2.10 to apply, an
Employee shall provide to the Committee, in the form and manner prescribed by
the Committee, information establishing (a) that the absence from work is for
reasons set forth in this Section 2.10, and (b) the number of days for which
there was such an absence. Nothing in this Section 2.10 shall be interpreted as
an expansion or modification of any policies of the Employer or Participating
Employer regarding maternity or paternity leave.








                                       -5-
<PAGE>

         2.11 "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

         2.12 "Committee" shall mean the Retirement Plan Committee appointed by
the Board of Directors to assist in administration of the Plan in accordance
with Article IX.

         2.13 "Compensation Committee" shall mean the Compensation Committee of
the Board.

         2.14 "Contract" shall mean any contract of life insurance issued by an
insurance company to the Trustee under the Plan as a source of benefits for
Participants or their beneficiaries.

         2.15 "Date of Employment" shall mean the first day on which an Employee
performs an Hour of Service.

         2.16 "Date of Reemployment" shall mean the first day on which an
Employee performs an Hour of Service after incurring a Break in Service.

         2.17     "Date of Severance" shall mean the earlier of:

         (a) the date on which an Employee quits, is discharged, retires or
dies, or

         (b) the first anniversary of an Employee's absence from Service for any
reason other than a quit, discharge, retirement or death.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Employee is absent for a period
of Qualified Military Service, the Employee shall not be considered to have had
a Date of Severance provided the absent Employee is reemployed by the Employer
or an Affiliated Company within the time during which his or her right to
reemployment is protected by applicable law.

         2.18 "Designated Beneficiary" shall mean the individual who is
designated as the beneficiary under Sections 6.14 and 7.3 of the Plan and is the
Designated Beneficiary under section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code and
section 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q&A-4, of the Treasury regulations.

         2.19 "Distribution Calendar Year" A calendar year for which a minimum
distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the Participant's
death, the first Distribution Calendar Year is the calendar year immediately
preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's Required
Distribution Date. For distributions beginning after the Participant's death,
the first Distribution Calendar Year is the calendar year in which distributions
are required to begin pursuant to Subsection 6.14(c).

         2.20 "Earliest Retirement Date" shall mean the earliest date on which,
under the Plan, the Employee could elect to receive retirement benefits.

         2.21 "Effective Date" shall mean January 1, 1997 unless specified
otherwise in the Adoption Agreement of a Participating Employer referred to in
Section 12.1.








                                       -6-
<PAGE>

         2.22 "Eligibility Computation Period" shall mean the 12-month period
beginning on an Employee's Date of Employment or Date of Reemployment, whichever
is applicable, and each anniversary thereof.

         2.23 "Employee" shall mean any person who is employed by the Employer
or a Participating Employer. However, no such person shall be considered an
Employee under this Plan for any period during which such Employee is (a)
covered by a collective bargaining agreement (unless that collective bargaining
agreement provides for participation in the Plan); (b) a leased Employee within
the meaning of section 414(n)(2) or 414(o) of the Code; (c) a non-resident alien
who receives no compensation from sources within the United States (within the
meaning of Code section 861(a)(3)); or (d) classified by the Company as a
"temporary" Employee. For this purpose, a temporary Employee is an individual
who may be called by the Employer or a Participating Employer for employment on
a non-scheduled and non-recurring basis or to work on a specific project for a
designated length of time.

         (a) In addition, no person whose duties are primarily seagoing shall be
considered an Employee under this Plan; provided, however, that on or after
August 15, 1984, any person who is a seagoing supervisor and who is not covered
by a collective bargaining agreement shall be considered an Employee under this
Plan as of August 15, 1984, or, if later, the date on which the collective
bargaining agreement covering such seagoing supervisor expires.

         (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), effective on or after January 1,
1997, any person who is a seagoing supervisor shall not be considered an
Employee under this Plan if such person's retirement benefits are provided by
the American Maritime Officers Pension Fund.

         (c) The term "Employee" shall not include any person characterized by
the Employer or an Affiliated Company as an "independent contractor" or any
other person who is not treated by the Employer or the Affiliated Company as an
Employee for purposes of withholding federal employment taxes, regardless of any
contrary Internal Revenue Service, governmental or judicial determination
relating to such employment status or tax withholding. In the event that a
person is engaged in an independent contractor or similar capacity and is
subsequently classified by the Employer, an Affiliated Company, the Internal
Revenue Service or a court as an Employee, such person, for purposes of this
Plan, shall be deemed an Employee from the actual (and not the effective) date
of such classification.

         (d) Other categories of employees may be excluded from the definition
of Employee only by specific direction set forth in the Adoption Agreement of a
Participating Employer.

         2.24 "Employer" shall mean Maritrans Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation
with its principal office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

         2.25 "Entry Date" shall mean the December 31st or June 30th of the Plan
Year in which an Employee becomes a Participant.

         2.26 "Fund" or "Trust Fund" shall mean the assets held by the Trustee
from contributions made by the Employer and Participating Employers, including
income, gains and losses thereon, as the source of benefits under this Plan.

         2.27 "Full-time Employee" shall mean an Employee who works at least the
regularly scheduled work-week for the type of position that individual holds
with the Company as determined in accordance with the Company's personnel
policies.

         2.28     "Highly Compensated Employee" means any Employee who either:









                                       -7-
<PAGE>

         (a) was a 5% owner (as defined in Code section 416(i)(1)) at any time
during the Plan Year for which Highly Compensated employees are being identified
or the preceding Plan Year; or

         (b) with respect to the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year for which
Highly Compensated employees are being identified both (1) had compensation, as
defined below, in excess of the dollar amount under Code section
414(1)(1)(B)(i), as in effect for such Plan Year, and (2) was in the top 20% of
all employees when ranked on the basis of compensation.

         (c) A former Employee shall be treated as a Highly Compensated
Employee, if such Employee was a Highly Compensated Employee while an active
Employee in either the Plan Year in which such Employee separated from service
or in any Plan Year ending after his 55th birthday.

         (d) For purposes of this Section 2.28, on and after January 1, 1998,
the term "compensation" shall mean compensation, as such word is defined in Code
section 415(c)(3) (which includes elective deferrals as defined in section
402(g)(3) of the Code, as well as any other amounts contributed or deferred by
the Employer at the election of the Employee which are excluded from the gross
income of the Employee under section 125 or 457 of the Code), paid to the
Employee for the applicable period. Prior to January 1, 1998, the term
"compensation" shall mean compensation within the meaning of Code section
415(c)(3), but including amounts that are excluded from gross income under
section 125, 402(a)(8), 402(h) or 403(b) of the Code or, for Plan Years
beginning on or after January 1, 2001, section 132(f)(4) of the Code.

         (e) For purposes of this Section 2.28, the term "Employee" shall mean
an Employee of the Employer or an Affiliated Company.

         2.29     "Hour of Service" shall mean:

         (a) each hour for which an employee is paid or entitled to payment for
the performance of duties for the Employer or an Affiliated Company;

         (b) each hour for which an employee is paid, or entitled to payment, by
the Employer or an Affiliated Company on account of a period of time during
which no duties are performed (irrespective of whether the employment
relationship has terminated) due to vacations, holiday, illness, incapacity
(including disability), layoff, jury duty, military duty or leave of absence. No
more than 501 Hours of Service shall be credited under this Subsection 2.29(b)
to any employee on account of any single continuous period during which such
employee performs no duties (whether or not such period occurs in a single Plan
Year). For purposes of this Subsection 2.29(b), a payment shall be deemed to be
made by or due from the Employer or an Affiliated Company regardless of whether
such payment is made by or due from the Employer or an Affiliated Company
directly or through, among others, a trust fund (other than the Fund), or
insurer, to which the Employer or an Affiliated Company contributes or pays
premiums and regardless of whether contributions made or due from such trust
fund (other than the Fund), insurer or other entity are for the benefit of
particular employees or are on behalf of a group of employees in the aggregate;
and

         (c) each hour for which an employee is absent for Qualified Military
Service, provided the employee returns to service with the Employer or an
Affiliated Company within the time period during which the employee's right to
reemployment is protected by applicable law.

         (d) each hour for which back-pay, irrespective of mitigation of
damages, has either been awarded or agreed to by the Employer or an Affiliated
Company. In the event that the same hours could, by the terms of this Section
2.29, be credited under more than one paragraph of this Section 2.29, such hours
shall be credited as provided in Subsection 2.29(a) or (b) only, whichever is
applicable.









                                       -8-
<PAGE>

         (e) Hours of Service shall be credited pursuant to the provisions of 29
CFR 2530.200b-2(b) and (c) which are incorporated herein by reference. Nothing
in this Section 2.29 shall be construed to deny an employee credit for an Hour
of Service if credit is required by federal statute other than the employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. In applying such other
federal statutes, the nature and extent of such credit shall be governed by such
other federal law.

         (f) In the case of an employee who had service as a leased employee of
the Employer or an Affiliated Company within the meaning of Code section 414(n)
or 414(o), Hours of Service shall be credited as if such employee were employed
and paid with respect to such service (or with respect to any related absences
or entitlements) by the Employer or Affiliated company that is the recipient
thereof.

         (g) For purposes of Sections 2.10 and 3.1 only, Hours of Service shall
be credited in accordance with Subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of
this Section 2.29. For all other purposes of the Plan, Hours of Service shall be
credited only in accordance with Subsection 2.29(a) hereof.

         2.30 "Investment Advisor" shall mean an adviser which is (a) registered
under the "Investment Advisers Act of 1940", (b) a bank, or (c) is an insurance
company qualified to perform investment services in more than one State, which
is appointed by the Compensation Committee to render investment advice as
provided in Article IX hereof and which acknowledges in writing its status as a
fiduciary under the Plan.

         2.31 "Late Retirement Date" means, for any Participant, the first day
of the calendar month coincident with or next following the date on which the
Participant has a Date of Severance, if such Date of Severance occurs after the
Participant's Normal Retirement Date.

         2.32 "Life Expectancy" shall mean Life Expectancy as computed by use of
the Single Life Table in section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations.

         2.33 "Normal Retirement Date" shall mean the first day of the month
coinciding with or next following the later of (a) the Participant's 65th
birthday or (b) the 5th anniversary of the Participant's commencement of
participation in the Plan. "Normal Retirement Age" shall mean the later of (a)
the Participant's 65th birthday or (b) the 5th anniversary of the Participant's
commencement of participation in the Plan.

         2.34 "Participant" shall mean any Employee qualifying for participation
as provided in Article III. A person shall cease to be a Participant as of the
date when the individual and any beneficiary no longer have rights to any
benefits under the Plan. "Former Harbor Towing Participant" shall mean any
Participant who was a participant or who was eligible to participate in the
Harbor Towing Retirement Plan and who became a Participant in this Plan as of
January 1, 1983.

         2.35 "Participating Employer" shall mean an Affiliated Company which
has been authorized by the Board of Directors to adopt, and has adopted, the
Plan in accordance with Article XII hereof. A list of Participating Employers
shall appear in Exhibit A hereto.

         2.36 "Plan" shall mean the Plan of the Employer or Participating
Employer as set forth in the Retirement Plan of Maritrans Inc., the Adoption
Agreement executed by each Participating Employer, the Trust Agreement, the
Prior Plan (to the extent still applicable) and the resolutions of the Board of
Directors appointing the Committee and other Fiduciaries. "Harbor Towing
Retirement Plan" shall mean the Revised Retirement Plan for Employees of Harbor
Towing Corporation, as in effect on December 31, 1982.








                                       -9-
<PAGE>

         2.37 "Plan Year" shall mean the 12-month period beginning on January 1
and ending on December 31 for any year in which the Plan or the Prior Plan is in
effect.

         2.38 "Prior Plan" shall mean the Retirement Plan of IOT Corporation and
Subsidiary Corporations effective July 1, 1974, revised effective July 1, 1976
and as thereafter amended.

         2.39 "Qualified Domestic Relations Order" shall mean a judgment, decree
or order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) made pursuant
to a state domestic relations law (including a community property law) which:

         (a) relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or
marital property rights to a Spouse, former Spouse, child or other dependent of
a Participant (the "Alternate Payee");

         (b) creates or recognizes the existence of the Alternate Payee's right
to, or assigns to the Alternate Payee the right to receive all or a portion of
the benefits payable to a Participant under this Plan;

         (c) specifies (i) the name and last known mailing address (if any) of
the Participant and each Alternate Payee covered by the order, (ii) the amount
or percentage of the Participant's Plan benefits to be paid to the Alternate
Payee, or the manner in which such amount or percentage is to be determined, and
(iii) the number of payments or the period to which the order applies and each
plan to which the order relates; and

         (d) does not require the Plan to (i) provide any type or form of
benefit or any option not otherwise provided under the Plan, (ii) pay any
benefits to the Alternate Payee prior to the date the affected Participant
attains or would have attained the Earliest Retirement Date, (iii) provide
increased benefits (determined on the basis of actuarial value), or (iv) pay
benefits to the Alternate Payee that are required to be paid to another
Alternate Payee under a prior Qualified Domestic Relations Order.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Qualified Domestic Relations Order may provide
that distribution commence on or after the date on which the Participant attains
or would have attained the Earliest Retirement Date, regardless of whether the
Participant has terminated service on that date, if the order directs (i) that
the amount of benefit be determined as if the Participant had retired on the
date on which payment is to begin under the Order taking into account only the
Actuarial Equivalent of the Accrued Benefit and not taking into account the
value of any Employer or Participating Employer subsidy for early retirement,
and (ii) that the benefit be paid in a form in which such benefits may be paid
under the Plan to the Participant other than in the form of a joint and survivor
annuity with respect to the Alternate Payee and the Participant's subsequent
Spouse to the extent payment in such form complies with the minimum distribution
requirements of Code section 401(a)(9) and regulations thereunder.

         2.40 "Part-time Employee" shall mean an Employee who works less than
the regularly scheduled work-week for the type of position that individual holds
with the Company as determined in accordance with the Company's personnel
policies.

         2.41 "Qualified Military Service" shall mean service in the uniformed
service (as defined in chapter 43 of title 38, United States Code) by any
Employee if such Employee is entitled to reemployment rights under such chapter
with respect to such service.

         2.42 "Required Distribution Date" shall mean the appropriate date
described under Section 6.14.

         2.43 "Service" shall mean all periods of active employment with the
Employer or an Affiliated Company commencing on the Employee's Date of
Employment or Date of Reemployment, whichever is applicable, and ending on his
or her Date of Severance. Service shall also include all periods of Severance
during which an Employee does not incur a Break in Service.








                                      -10-
<PAGE>

         For purposes of vesting under the Plan, Participants who are former
employees of Computer Command and Control Company ("CCCC"), and who transferred
to employment with the Employer or a Participating Employer on or before March
31, 1997, shall be credited with Service under the Plan for all periods of
active employment with CCCC prior to March 31, 1997; provided, however, that no
more than five (5) years of Service shall be credited pursuant to this
paragraph.

         Service under this Section 2.42 shall be modified by any additional
Service credit provided under Appendix B of the Plan.

         2.44 "Severance" shall mean the period of time commencing on an
Employee's Date of Severance and ending on the date on which the Employee again
performs an Hour of Service.

         2.45 "Social Security Retirement Age" shall mean (a) for any person
born before January 1, 1938, age 65, (b) for any person born after December 31,
1937, but before January 1, 1955, age 66, and (c) for any person born after
December 31, 1954, age 67.

         2.46 "Spouse" shall mean the individual to whom the Participant is
married on the Benefit Commencement Date; provided, however, that for purposes
of Section 5.4, "Spouse" shall mean the individual to whom the Participant is
married throughout the one-year period ending on the date of the Participant's
death.

         2.47 "Trust Agreement" shall mean the separate written Agreement
adopted as a part of the Plan which sets forth the provisions under which the
Trustee shall manage the Fund.

         2.48 "Trustee" shall mean the bank or trust company or the individuals
designated by the Employer to administer the Fund in accordance with this Plan
as provided herein.

         2.49 "Years of Credited Service" shall mean a Participant's Years of
Service as an Employee beginning on his or her Date of Employment or his or her
Date of Reemployment, whichever is applicable, and ending on his or her Date of
Severance.

         (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, for his or her period of Service
prior to January 1, 1981, a Participant's Years of Credited Service as
determined in this Section 2.48 shall be at least equal to his or her Years of
Credited Service under the Prior Plan as in effect immediately prior to such
date.

         (b) In the case of a Former Harbor Towing Participant, Years of
Credited Service shall also include "years of credited service" as defined and
credited under the Harbor Towing Retirement Plan.

         (c) In the case of a seagoing supervisor who is not covered by a
collective bargaining agreement or whose retirement benefits are not provided by
the American Maritime Officers Pension Fund, Years of Credited Service shall
also include Years of Service earned while employed by the Employer other than
as an Employee.

         (d) In addition, an Employee shall be credited with Hours of Service
for purposes of calculating Years of Credited Service for each period of
Qualified Military Service served by the Employee, provided that the Employee is
reemployed by the Employer or a Participating Employer within the time during
which the Employee's right to reemployment is protected by applicable law.







                                      -11-
<PAGE>

         (e) Years of Credited Service under this Section 2.48 shall be modified
by any additional Service credit provided under Appendix B of the Plan.

         (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Part-time Employee,
a "Year of Credited Service" shall be determined by dividing Hours of Service
(as determined in accordance with Subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f))
by 1950. In the case of an Employee who is employed as Full-time Employee and as
a Part-time Employee during the Plan Year, service shall be determined
separately under each applicable method (as described under Section 2.50(a) for
the period of employment as a Full-time Employee and as described under this
Section 2.48(f) for the period of employment as a Part-time Employee) and
aggregated.

         2.50 "Years of Participation" shall mean a Participant's Years of
Service beginning on his or her Entry Date and ending on his or her Date of
Severance, but disregarding any periods of Service during which the Participant
is not an Employee. In the case of a Former Harbor Towing Participant, Years of
Participation shall also include "years of credited service" as defined and
credited under the Harbor Towing Retirement Plan.

         2.51 "Years of Service" shall mean the number of whole years of an
Employee's Service whether or not such years were completed consecutively.

         (a) An Employee shall be credited with one Year of Service for each 12
months of Service the Employee completes. Less than whole year periods of
Service, whether or not consecutive, shall be aggregated on the basis that 12
months of Service (30 days are deemed to be a month in the case of the
aggregation of fractional months) equal one Year of Service. In the event that
an Employee transfers from being a Full-time Employee to being a Part-time
Employee or from being a Part-time Employee to being a Full-time Employee during
the Plan Year, the foregoing shall apply during such Plan Year for the purpose
of determining a "Year of Credited Service" except as otherwise provided under
Subsection 2.48(f).

         (b) An Employee shall receive credit for all Years of Service except
that if an Employee with no vested interest under Section 5.6 incurs a period of
consecutive Breaks in Service, his or her Years of Service prior to the Breaks
in Service shall not be taken into account if the number of consecutive Breaks
in Service equals or exceeds the greater of (i) 5, or (ii) the Employee's Years
of Service prior to the Breaks in Service.

         (c) In addition, for purposes of determining an Employee's eligibility
and vesting, Years of Service shall include each period of Qualified Military
Service served by the Employee, provided that the Employee is reemployed by the
Employer or an Affiliated Company within the time during which the Employee's
right to reemployment is protected by applicable law.
















                                      -12-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE III

                                   ELIGIBILITY
                                   -----------

         3.1 General Requirements. All Employees who were Participants in the
Plan on December 31, 1996, shall automatically continue to participate herein.
Each other Employee shall be eligible to participate on the Entry Date following
the Eligibility Computation Period in which such Employee completes 1,000 Hours
of Service.

         3.2 Participation. Any Employee eligible to participate in the Plan
shall automatically become a Participant as provided in Section 3.1 and may not
waive benefits provided herein or elect not to participate in the Plan.

         3.3 Reentry. If a Participant incurs a Break in Service and once again
qualifies to participate in the Plan, such Participant shall become a
Participant on the first day following such Break in Service on which such
Participant performs an Hour of Service. If a terminated Employee, who had
qualified for participation hereunder, incurs a Break in Service prior to his or
her Entry Date and is subsequently rehired by the Employer or a Participating
Employer, such Employee shall become a Participant on the date the Employee is
rehired. If a terminated Employee who had not qualified for participation is
subsequently rehired by the Employer or a Participating Employer, such Employee
shall be eligible to participate as provided in Section 3.1 as if the Employee
had not been previously employed by the Employer or Participating Employer.




























                                      -13-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE IV

                      CONTRIBUTIONS AND SOURCE OF BENEFITS
                      ------------------------------------

         4.1 Contributions by Employers. The Employer and the Participating
Employers shall make contributions to the Fund from time to time in such amounts
as are determined by the Actuary to be necessary to provide benefits under the
Plan and to permit the Trustee to pay premiums on Contracts; provided, however,
that the Employer or Participating Employer may discontinue contributions at any
time whether or not all benefits specified in the Plan are then fully funded.

         4.2 Participant Contributions. Contributions by Participants are
neither required nor permitted.

         4.3 Life Insurance Contracts. The Trustee, if instructed by the
Committee, shall purchase for the account of each Participant found to be
insurable at standard rates by an insurance company as of the date on which such
Participant becomes a Participant, life insurance in such form as the Committee
shall determine, in the proportion of $1,000 face amount for each $10 per month
of his or her anticipated monthly pension determined in accordance with Section
6.5. To the extent that the Participant is found by the insurance company to be
insurable only at substandard rates, a policy shall be obtained to provide a
graduated death benefit prior to retirement, the amount of death benefit being
determined in accordance with the rating.

         4.4 Increase in Compensation and Life Insurance. Whenever the Basic
Monthly Compensation of a Participant is increased, to the extent of increasing
his or her anticipated monthly pension hereunder by $10 or more, the Trustee, if
instructed by the Committee, shall purchase additional insurance as of the
Anniversary Date on which such increase is determined. The minimum amount of
insurance to be purchased in this event shall be $1,000 face value.

         4.5 Form of Contracts. The Contracts contemplated by Section 4.3 and
4.4 shall be procured from such legal reserve life insurance company or
companies authorized to do business in Pennsylvania as the Committee shall
determine. All Contracts will become effective on the June 30th coinciding with
or next following each Participant's Entry Date and shall be in form and content
as nearly uniform, as regards basic options, cash surrender value, anniversary
dates and other material features, as may be from time to time obtainable. Each
Contract shall designate the Trustee as the applicant and owner.

         4.6 Transfer of Contracts on Termination of Employment. Upon
termination of employment for reasons other than death or retirement under the
Plan, the Participant shall be entitled to acquire from the Trustee any whole
life insurance Contracts issued on his or her life upon payment to the Trustee
of the then determined cash value of any dividends accrued under such whole life
insurance Contracts. Alternatively, at the request of such Participant, the
Trustee may cause the insurance company to deliver to it the full cash value of
such whole life insurance Contracts and thereafter transfer the whole life
insurance Contracts to the Participant subject to a loan from the insurance
company for the amount of such cash value. In either event, the proceeds so
received by the Trustee shall be held in the Trust Fund.

         A Participant shall be given the opportunity to purchase his or her
policy upon termination of employment from the Employer or Participating
Employer and if the Participant declines this purchase opportunity, the Employer
or Participating Employer may direct the Trustee to retain the policy.








                                      -14-
<PAGE>

         4.7 Source of Benefits. As and when directed by the Committee, the
Trustee shall: (a) pay the necessary sums to the insurance company which
together with the Contract will provide the pensions required under the Plan; or
(b) surrender the various Contracts for cash at Normal Retirement Date or at any
other time and (i) purchase single premium annuity contracts (which shall be
non-transferable), or (ii) pay pensions from the Trust Fund itself.

         4.8      Return of Contributions.

         (a) Any contribution which is made by a mistake of fact shall be
returned to the Employer or Participating Employer within one year after the
payment of the contribution.

         (b) All contributions are conditioned on the initial qualification of
the Plan under Code section 401(a), and if the Plan is found not to so qualify,
contributions made in respect of any period subsequent to the effective date of
the disqualification shall be returned to the Employer or Participating Employer
within one year after the denial of such qualification.

         (c) All contributions are conditioned upon the deductibility of such
contributions under Code section 404(a), and, to the extent any deductions are
disallowed, shall be returned to the Employer or Participating Employer within
one year after the disallowance of the deduction. For this purpose, a
contribution which is not deductible in the current taxable year but may be
deducted in taxable years subsequent to the year in which made will not be
considered to have been disallowed.

         (d) Upon termination of the Plan, if any assets of the Plan remain
after distribution in accordance with Section 11.2, such residual assets shall
be distributed to the Employer or Participating Employer if all liabilities of
the Plan to its Participants and their beneficiaries have been satisfied and
such distribution does not contravene any provisions of applicable law.

         (e) The amount of any contributions which may be returned to the
Employer or Participating Employer pursuant to Subsection 4.8(a) or (c) shall
not exceed the excess of (i) the amount contributed over (ii) the amount that
would have been contributed if there had not occurred a mistake of fact or a
mistake in determining the deduction. Earnings attributable to any excess
contribution may not be returned to the Employer or Participating Employer, but
losses attributable thereto shall reduce the amount returned.




















                                      -15-
<PAGE>



                                    ARTICLE V

                                RETIREMENT DATES
                                ----------------

         5.1 Normal Retirement. Each Participant shall have a fully vested right
to benefits provided under the Plan on the date the Participant attains Normal
Retirement Age.

         5.2 Early Retirement. Any Participant who has 15 Years of Credited
Service and has attained age 55 may retire on the first day of any month
coinciding with or following completion of such age and service requirements,
which date shall be known as his or her Optional Early Retirement Date. Any
Participant who has an Optional Early Retirement Date shall be entitled to a
pension. Such Participant's Benefit Commencement Date shall be the Participant's
Normal Retirement Date; provided that the Participant may elect as the
Participant's Benefit Commencement Date the Participant's Optional Early
Retirement Date or the first day of any month after the Participant's Optional
Early Retirement Date and not after the Participant's Normal Retirement Date.
Such election must be made no earlier than 90 days prior to the Benefit
Commencement Date elected by the Participant and in no event earlier than the
date the Participant receives the notice described in Subsection 6.8(a).

         5.3 Postponed Retirement. A Participant may retire on the first day of
any month following his or her Normal Retirement Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing and in accordance with Section 12(c) of the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, nothing in this Section shall prohibit the compulsory retirement
of any Employee who has attained age 65 and who for the two-year period
immediately before retirement is employed in a bona fide executive or high
policy-making position, provided that such Employee is entitled to an immediate
nonforfeitable annual retirement benefit payable from this or any other pension,
profit-sharing, savings or deferred compensation plan or any combination of such
plans maintained by the Employer or Participating Employer, which benefit equals
in the aggregate at least $44,000.

         5.4 Death Before Retirement. If a Participant dies while in employment
with the Employer or Participating Employer after the Anniversary Date of the
Plan that follows his or her Entry Date but prior to his or her Normal or
Optional Early Retirement Date, a death benefit shall be paid to his or her
beneficiary under Article VII of the Plan. In addition, if a Participant with a
nonforfeitable right to his or her Accrued Benefit under Section 5.6 dies prior
to his or her Benefit Commencement Date, the Participant's surviving Spouse, if
any, shall receive a pre-retirement survivor annuity benefit which shall equal
50% of the benefit that would have been payable to the Participant if

         (a) in the case of a Participant who dies after his or her Earliest
Retirement Date, the Participant had survived and had retired with a benefit
under Section 6.6 in effect on the day before the Benefit Commencement Date
elected by the Spouse; or

         (b) in the case of a Participant who dies on or before his or her
Earliest Retirement Date, the Participant had

             (1) terminated service on the date of his or her death,

             (2) survived to the Benefit Commencement Date elected by the
Spouse,

             (3) retired having elected the form of benefit under Section 6.6 to
commence on such Benefit Commencement Date, and

             (4) died on the following day.










                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         The benefit of such surviving Spouse shall begin, as elected in writing
by the surviving Spouse not more than 90 days prior to the Benefit Commencement
Date, on the date which would have been the Participant's Earliest Retirement
Date (but not earlier than the first day of the month following the
Participant's death) or the first day of any month thereafter, but not later
than the date which would have been the Participant's Normal Retirement Date. In
the case of a Participant whose death occurs after his or her Normal Retirement
Date, the benefit of such surviving Spouse shall begin no later than the first
day of the month following the Participant's death. At the election of the
Spouse, the pre-retirement death benefit may be paid in the form of a lump sum
cash distribution equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the survivor annuity
benefit. If the Participant dies before his or her Benefit Commencement Date but
after the Participant has elected an optional form of benefit that is a joint
and survivor annuity with the Participant's Spouse that provides for periodic
payments after the Participant's death each of which is at least 50% but not
more than 100% of the periodic payment to the Participant, the survivor's
benefit shall be the benefit to which the Spouse is entitled under the optional
form elected by the Participant. The present value of the Actuarial Equivalent
of the survivor annuity benefit, as determined by the Actuary, shall be
subtracted from the death benefit payable under Article VII of the Plan and the
balance of the death benefit shall be paid to the Participant's beneficiaries in
a lump sum or other form of distribution as may be selected.

         5.5 Transition Rule. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant
(a) completed at least one Hour of Service under the Plan after September 1,
1974, (b) incurred a Date of Severance before January 1, 1976, and (c) has not
reached the date benefits are scheduled to commence and is still alive, the
Participant shall have the right to elect to receive benefits in the form of a
joint and survivor annuity in accordance with the provisions of the Plan prior
to this amendment and restatement.

         If a Participant whose benefits are not in pay status as of August 23,
1984 (a) has incurred a Date of Severance before August 23, 1984, but after
December 31, 1975, (b) has completed at least one Hour of Service in any Plan
Year beginning on or after January 1, 1976 and no Hour of Service after August
23, 1984, (c) has completed at least 10 Years of Service under the Plan, (d) has
a nonforfeitable right to all or a portion of his or her Accrued Benefit under
the Plan, and (e) as of August 23, 1984 has not reached the date benefits are
scheduled to commence and is still alive, such Participant shall be entitled to
the pre-retirement survivor annuity benefit coverage under Section 5.4.

         5.6 Termination with Vested Benefit Payable at Normal Retirement Date.
After a Participant has completed 6 or more Years of Service, the Participant
shall have a 100% vested right to his or her Accrued Benefit for which payment
shall begin at his or her Normal Retirement Date, or, for a Participant who has
satisfied the service requirement of Section 5.2, at his or her election as
described in Section 5.2, upon or after his or her Optional Early Retirement
Date. A Participant whose employment terminates when the Participant has not
completed 6 Years of Service shall be entitled to a percentage of his or her
Accrued Benefit determined from the following table:

                           Completed Years                    Percentage of
                           of Service                         Accrued Benefit
                           ----------                         ---------------

                           Less than 2                             0%
                           2                                      10%
                           3                                      20%
                           4                                      40%
                           5                                      70%
                           6 or more                             100%





















                                      -17-
<PAGE>

Payment shall begin at such Participant's Normal Retirement Date.

         5.7 Forfeitures. Any forfeiture of benefits arising under the Plan
because of a Participant's failure to qualify for benefits shall not be applied
to increase benefits of other remaining Participants but rather shall be applied
to reduce further contributions of the Employer or Participating Employer.


































                                      -18-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE VI

                               RETIREMENT BENEFITS
                               -------------------

         6.1 Normal Retirement. Unless Section 6.4, 6.6 or 6.9 applies, each
Participant who is in the employment of the Employer or Participating Employer
at his or her Normal Retirement Date and retires at that time shall be entitled
to receive a monthly pension commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date for
a minimum period of ten years and thereafter for life equal to an amount which
shall be determined as follows:

         (a)(1) For Participants Whose Dates of Severance Occur On and After
January 1, 1992.

                (A) For those Employees who commenced participation in the Plan
after August 14, 1984, 48% of Average Basic Monthly Compensation reduced by
1/30th for each Year of Credited Service at retirement which is under 30 Years
of Credited Service; and

                (B) For those Employees who commenced participation in the Plan
before August 15, 1984, the greater of:

                    (i) 48% of Average Basic Monthly Compensation reduced by
1/30th for each Year of Credited Service at retirement which is under 30 Years
of Credited Service; or

                    (ii) 38.5% of Average Basic Monthly Compensation, reduced by
1/15th for each Year of Credited Service at retirement which is under 15 Years
of Credited Service;

provided, however, that a Participant's Accrued Benefit under this subsection
(a)(1) shall in no event be less than the Accrued Benefit determined for the
Participant as of December 31, 1991 under Paragraph (a)(2) of this Section 6.1.

            (2) For Participants Whose Date of Severance Occurs On and After the
Effective Date and Prior to January 1, 1992. The greater of:

                (A) the Participant's Accrued Benefit determined as of the
Applicable Date, under the following formula:

                    (i) the sum of 0.75% of the first $1000 of his or her
Average Basic Monthly Compensation and 1.75% of his or her Average Basic Monthly
Compensation in excess of $1,000; multiplied by

                    (ii) his Years of Credited Service but not in excess of 30;
or

                (B) the Participant's Accrued Benefit determined as of the date
of determination, under the formula described in subsection (a)(1) of this
Section 6.1.

For purposes of this subsection (a)(2), "Applicable Date" shall mean (i) in the
case of a Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee within the meaning of
Section (a) or (b) with respect to any Plan Year beginning on or after January
1, 1989 or the last day of the last Plan Year in which the Participant was not
described in Section 2.28(a) or (b), if later, or (ii) in the case of any other
Participant, the date of determination.












                                      -19-
<PAGE>

         (b) In addition, if a Participant is entitled to receive, or upon
application would be entitled to receive or has received, any retirement or
similar benefit from any other retirement plan to which the Employer or any
Affiliated Company contributed or on account of his or her period of Service
with the Employer or any Affiliated Company if such Service is also credited
hereunder (collectively called the "Other Plan"), then notwithstanding other
provisions of this Article VI, in calculating any benefit due hereunder, the
Participant's Accrued Benefit shall be reduced by the value of such
Participant's accrued benefit payable under the Other Plan, (1) to which the
Employer or Affiliated Company contributes or has contributed, directly or
indirectly, to the extent such benefit is provided by the contributions of the
Employer or Affiliated Company and/or (2) based on the same period of employment
and/or earnings for which retirement income is credited under this Plan, in
either case converted, where appropriate, to an annuity payable for a minimum
period of ten years and thereafter for the Participant's life beginning at the
Participant's Normal Retirement Age, based upon the assumptions of this Plan
used in determining an Actuarial Equivalent.

         (c) (1) In the event that under a strict application of the formula set
forth in Section 6.1(a) as of any given date a reduction in a Participant's
Accrued Benefit would result, his or her Accrued Benefit on any date of
determination on and after such date shall equal the greater of (1) his or her
Accrued Benefit, as determined as of the last day of the Plan Year prior to the
Plan Year in which such reduction occurred, under the terms of the Plan as then
in effect, or (2) his or her Accrued Benefit determined pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan as in effect as of the date of determination.
Furthermore, if the Participant has had a Date of Severance and again becomes an
active Participant, the amount of any benefit payable to such Participant at his
or her subsequent Date of Severance shall not be less than the benefit the
Participant was entitled to receive at his or her prior Date of Severance,
except as provided in Section 6.9.

             (2) Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, a
Participant's Accrued Benefit shall not be less than his or her accrued benefit,
determined as of December 31, 1996 under the terms of the Plan as in effect
through December 31, 1996, based on his or her Years of Credited Service and on
his or her Average Basic Monthly Compensation determined as of December 31, 1996
and not otherwise disregarded due to the Participant's Separation from Service.

         (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if a seagoing
supervisor became a Participant in this Plan in 1984 or, if later, at the time
the last collective bargaining agreement covering him or her expired, his or her
total monthly benefit payable under this Plan and under the Seafarers Pension
Plan or the District 2 MEBA-AMO Pension Plan (collectively called the "Union
Pension Plan") shall not be less than the monthly benefit to which such seagoing
supervisor would have been entitled under the Union Pension Plan determined
under the terms of such plan in effect on the date on which the last collective
bargaining agreement covering such seagoing supervisor expired as set forth in
Exhibit C.

         (e) Unless otherwise provided under the Plan, each Code section
401(a)(17) Employee's Accrued Benefit under the Plan will be the greater of the
Accrued Benefit determined for the Employee under (1) or (2) below:

             (1) the Employee's Accrued Benefit determined with respect to the
benefit formula applicable for the Plan Year beginning on or after January 1,
1994, as applied to the Employee's total Years of Credited Service taken into
account under the Plan for the purposes of benefit accruals; or

             (2) the sum of:

                 (A) the Employee's Accrued Benefit as of December 31, 1993,
frozen in accordance with section 1.401(a)(4)-13 of the regulations, and








                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                 (B) the Employee's Accrued Benefit determined under the benefit
formula applicable for the Plan Year beginning on or after January 1, 1994, as
applied to Years of Credited Service credited to the Employee for Plan Years
beginning on or after January 1, 1994.

         A Code section 401(a)(17) Employee means an Employee whose current
Accrued Benefit as of a date on or after January 1, 1994, is based on
Compensation for a year beginning prior to January 1, 1994, that exceeded
$150,000.

         6.2 Amount of Early Retirement Benefit. Unless Section 6.6 applies, a
Participant retiring prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date in accordance
with Section 5.2 of the Plan will be entitled to receive his or her Accrued
Benefit, actuarially reduced, in accordance with actuarial assumptions and
factors then in effect, to reflect the Participant's age on his or her Benefit
Commencement Date.

         However, for purposes of applying Paragraph 6.1(a)(2), the reduction of
that portion of the benefit attributable to Average Basic Monthly Compensation
in excess of $400 or $1,000, whichever is applicable, shall be the lesser of:
(a)(1) 1/15th of the amount payable under Section 6.1 for each of the first five
years and (2) 1/30th of such amount for each of the next five years by which a
Participant's Benefit Commencement Date precedes his or her Normal Retirement
Date; or (b) the reduction otherwise calculated in accordance with actuarial
assumptions and factors than in effect, to reflect the Participant's age of his
or her Benefit Commencement Date.

         The benefits provided under this Section 6.2 shall be modified by any
additional benefits provided under Appendix B of the Plan.

         6.3 Postponed Retirement Benefit.

         (a) Unless Section 6.6 applies, and subject to Section 6.4, a
Participant retiring after his or her Normal Retirement Date shall receive a
monthly pension commencing on his or her actual retirement date equal to the
Participant's Accrued Benefit determined as of the earlier of his or her Late
Retirement Date or his or her Required Distribution Date.

         (b) If a Participant's Benefit Commencement Date precedes his or her
Late Retirement Date, the amount of the pension payable to the Participant shall
be determined as of his or her Benefit Commencement Date and shall be adjusted
annually as of January 1 in each calendar year following his or her Benefit
Commencement Date, up to and including the January 1 next following his or her
Late Retirement Date. Such annual adjustment shall include any increase (but not
any decrease) in the Participant's Accrued Benefit, determined in accordance
with Section 6.1, as a result of up to 30 additional Years of Credited Service
and compensation since the Participant's Benefit Commencement Date or the last
such annual adjustment, whichever applies. In addition, such annual adjustment
shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the Actuarial Equivalent of any
benefits paid to the Participant since his or her Benefit Commencement Date
during any period that would have constituted "Suspension Service" under Section
6.4 had the Participant not reached his or her Required Distribution Date, to
the extent not previously taken into account under this Subsection 6.3(b);
provided, however, that the amount, if any, of the benefits paid to the
Participant which exceeds the amount the Participant would have received if
distribution had been made in the form of benefits described in Section 6.1 or
6.6, as applicable, for such Participant shall be disregarded in determining the
Actuarial Equivalent of such benefits for purposes of the reduction described in
this sentence.

         (c) This Section 6.3 shall apply only to a Participant credited with
one or more Hours of Service on or after January 1, 1988. The pension of any
other Participant entitled to a pension under this Article VI shall be
determined as if such Participant had a Date of Severance on his or her Normal
Retirement Date.

         6.4      Suspension of Benefit Rules.









                                      -21-
<PAGE>

         (a) Suspensions after Normal Retirement Date. No benefit shall be paid
to any Participant under the Plan during any period of employment or
reemployment after a Participant's Normal Retirement Date and prior to his
Required Distribution Date with respect to any month in which the Participant
has any Suspension Service as described in Paragraph 6.4(a)(2) hereof.

             (1) Commencement or Recommencement of Benefits. Benefits suspended
under this Subsection 6.4(a) shall commence or recommence no later than the
earliest of:

                 (A) the first day of the month next following the Participant's
Date of Severance;

                 (B) the Participant's Required Distribution Date; or

                 (C) the first day of the month following the month in which the
Participant first fails to have Suspension Service as described in Paragraph
6.4(a)(2).

             (2) Suspension Service. A Participant shall be deemed to have
Suspension Service in any month which is after his or her Normal Retirement
Date, but prior to his Required Distribution Date, and in which month:

                 (A) the Participant completes 40 or more Hours of Service for
the Employer or an Affiliated Company, if the Plan has for any purpose with
respect to the Participant used or determined the actual number of Hours of
Service creditable to the Participant by an actual counting of such Hours of
Service, or

                 (B) the Participant receives payment from the Employer or an
Affiliated Company for any Hours of Service performed on each of 8 or more days
(or separate work shifts), if the Plan has not for any purpose with respect to
the Participant used or determined the number of Hours of Service creditable to
the Participant by an actual counting of such Hours of Service.

             (3) Offset. To the extent that the Plan has paid benefits to a
Participant with respect to any month in which the Participant has Suspension
Service which amounts have not previously been recovered by the Plan, the Plan
shall defer commencement or recommencement of benefits under Paragraph 6.4(a)(1)
hereof for a period of two calendar months, or until the amounts paid with
respect to months in which the Participant has Suspension Service have been
recovered (without interest), whichever is the first to occur. If, at the end of
the said 2-month period there remains an unrecovered amount which was paid to
the Participant during or with respect to a period of Suspension Service, such
amount shall be recovered (without interest) by the Plan by reducing each
benefit payment due the Participant or the Participant's Spouse or other
beneficiary after benefit commencement or recommencement by the lesser of:

                 (A) the excess of the amount of the benefits paid to the
Participant with respect to a period of Suspension Service, over the amount of
such benefits which have been restored to, or recovered by the Plan, or

                 (B) 25% of the Participant's monthly (or periodic) benefit
payments.

             (4) Notification. No payment shall be withheld or suspended by the
Plan pursuant to this Subsection 6.4(a) until the Plan has notified the
Participant by personal delivery or first class mail of the fact that such
withholding or suspension is occurring or will occur. Such notification will
contain a detailed description of the specific reasons why benefit payments are
being suspended or withheld, a general description of the Plan provisions
relating to the suspension of benefit payments, a copy of such provisions, and a
statement that the applicable Department of Labor regulations governing
suspensions of benefits may be found at Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations,
ss. 2530.203-3. The notification shall also advise the Participant, Spouse or
other beneficiary to whom directed of the Plan's procedure for affording a
review of the suspension of benefits.







                                      -22-
<PAGE>

         (b) Suspensions Prior to Normal Retirement Date. If a Participant is
reemployed by the Employer or an Affiliated Company after his or her Benefit
Commencement Date and prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date, benefits
otherwise payable to the Participant shall be suspended under this Subsection
6.4(b) during the Participant's period of reemployment prior to his or her
Normal Retirement Date. If the reemployed Participant continues in employment
beyond his or her Normal Retirement Date, such Participant's benefits shall
continue to be suspended in accordance with Subsection (a) and shall recommence
as described in that Subsection. If the reemployed Participant again has a Date
of Severance prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date, the Participant's
benefits, recalculated on the basis of compensation and Years of Credited
Service (if any) earned during the period of suspension, shall commence to be
paid pursuant to Section 6.1 or 6.2, whichever applies, as if the Participant
had not previously elected a Benefit Commencement Date. In either event, the
Participant's benefits upon recommencement shall be reduced by the Actuarial
Equivalent of the benefits paid prior to the Participant's Normal Retirement
Date.

         6.5 Anticipated Monthly Benefit. At any time during his or her
participation in the Plan, each Participant shall be deemed to be entitled to an
anticipated pension determined under Section 6.1 but with reference to his or
her current and prior rates of Basic Monthly Compensation. In computing
anticipated benefits under the Plan, increases in a Participant's Basic Monthly
Compensation shall be taken into account as of each Anniversary Date of the Plan
only if such increases would increase the monthly pension otherwise payable to
the Participant $10.00 or more.

         6.6 Adjustment for Interest of Spouse. If a Participant has a Spouse at
his or her Benefit Commencement Date and if the Participant has not elected a
different method of payment, his or her monthly benefit shall equal the amount
provided in Sections 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, whichever applies, actuarially reduced,
pursuant to factors approved by the Actuary, in amount sufficient to provide his
or her Spouse, after the Participant's death, with an income equal to 50% of the
Actuarial Equivalent of the Participant's monthly benefit based on the ages of
the Participant and his Spouse at the date on which monthly benefits begin.
Subject to the requirements of Section 6.8, the Participant may elect to receive
benefits in a form provided in Section 6.1 or Section 6.7 rather than in the
form provided by this Section 6.6.; provided, however, that the election period
to waive the joint and survivor annuity shall be the period beginning 90 days
before the Benefit Commencement Date, or such later date as may be provided
under Section 6.8(b) below, and ending on the Benefit Commencement Date.

         6.7 Optional Form of Payment. Prior to his or her Benefit Commencement
Date, a Participant may elect, in the manner provided under Section 6.8, to
receive retirement benefits in an optional form as will provide a benefit which
is the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit otherwise due hereunder.

         (a) Option A (Joint and Survivor Annuity). A Participant may elect to
receive an actuarially reduced monthly benefit for life with equal monthly
payments continuing after his or her death to a joint annuitant designated in
writing by him or her for the continued lifetime of such joint annuitant in 50%,
66-2/3% or 100% of the reduced amounts payable to him or her upon retirement, as
the Participant may elect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the percentage payable
to the Participant's beneficiary (unless the beneficiary is the Participant's
Spouse) after the Participant's death may not exceed the applicable percentage
from Table I of Exhibit D.








                                      -23-
<PAGE>

         (b) Option B (Payments for Certain Period). A Participant may elect to
receive an actuarially reduced monthly benefit payable for life with a
stipulation that should the Participant die prior to receiving 60, 120, 180 or
240 monthly payments, as the Participant may elect, the balance of such payments
shall continue to be paid to his or her Designated Beneficiary. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the number of monthly payments guaranteed shall be calculated so
that the number of guaranteed monthly payments remaining as of the beginning of
the calendar year preceding the Participant's Required Distribution Date does
not exceed the joint Life Expectancy of the Participant and his or her
beneficiary, or if less, and the Participant's beneficiary is not the
Participant's Spouse, the applicable number from Table II of Exhibit D
multiplied by 12.

         (c) Option C (Single Life Annuity). A Participant, including a
Participant having a Spouse for whom benefits would otherwise be provided under
Section 6.6 or this Section 6.7, may elect to receive his or her basic
retirement benefits as set forth in Paragraph 6.1 without adjustment for the
interest of such Spouse if applicable, with regular equal monthly payments
beginning with the Participant's retirement and ending with his or her death.

         6.8 Manner of Elections. Any election provided under the Plan shall be
made on a form prescribed by the Committee.

         (a) The Committee shall furnish to each Participant whose vested
Accrued Benefit has an Actuarial Equivalent single-sum value in excess of $3,500
(effective January 1, 1998, $5,000), as determined in accordance with Section
6.9, no less than 30 days and no more than 90 days before his or her Benefit
Commencement Date, a written explanation in non-technical language of:

             (1) the terms and conditions of the normal form of benefit under
Section 6.1 and the joint and survivor annuity form of benefit under Section 6.6
(the "Normal Forms of Benefit") and all other forms of benefit available to the
Participant including information explaining the relative values of each;

             (2) the Participant's right to make and the effect of, an election
to waive the Normal Forms of Benefit;

             (3) the rights of the Participant's Spouse under Subsection 6.8(c);

             (4) the right to make, and the effect of a revocation of an
election to waive the Normal Forms of Benefit;

             (5) the financial effect upon the Participant's benefit (in terms
of dollars per payment) of making an election not to take the Normal Forms of
Benefit and electing another form of benefit; and

             (6) if the Participant has not attained Normal Retirement Age,
the Participant's right to defer commencement of his or her benefit until his or
her Normal Retirement Date.

         (b) An election not to take the Normal Form of Benefit may be made at
any time during the 90-day period ending on the Benefit Commencement Date. Such
election may be revoked at any time prior to the Benefit Commencement Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and effective January 1, 1997, a Participant may
elect (with any applicable spousal consent, in accordance with Subsection
6.8(c)) that such Participant's Benefit Commencement Date precede or be fewer
than 30 days after the explanation described in this subsection (b) is provided
if:

             (1) The Participant is given notice of his right to a 30-day period
                 in which to consider whether to (A) waive the normal form of
                 benefit and elect an optional form and (B) to the extent
                 applicable, consent to the distribution;

             (2) The Participant affirmatively elects a distribution and a form
                 of benefit and the Spouse, if necessary, consents to the form
                 of benefit elected;








                                      -24-
<PAGE>

             (3) The Participant is permitted to revoke his affirmative election
                 at any time prior to his Benefit Commencement Date or, if
                 later, the expiration of a 7-day period beginning on the day
                 after the explanation described in this Section is provided to
                 the Participant;

             (4) The Benefit Commencement Date is after the date the Committee
                 receives written notice of the Participant's intent to begin
                 receiving benefits; and

             (5) Distribution to the Participant does not commence before the
                 expiration of the 7-day period described in paragraph (3)
                 above.

         (c) If a Participant who has a Spouse on his or her Benefit
Commencement Date elects a form of retirement benefit other than the joint and
survivor annuity under Section 6.6 or Subsection 6.7(a) with his or her Spouse
as the designated joint annuitant, such election shall not be effective unless:

             (1) his or her Spouse (or the Spouse's legal guardian if the Spouse
is legally incompetent) executes a written instrument whereby such Spouse:

                 (A) consents not to receive the forms of benefit described in
Section 6.6 or 6.7(a);

                 (B) consents to the specific optional form elected by the
Participant, or (provided such instrument acknowledges the Spouse's right to
limit consent to a specific optional form) to the Participant's right to choose
any optional form without any further consent by the Spouse; and

                 (C) if applicable, consents in writing to either the specific
beneficiary or beneficiaries designated by the Participant pursuant to his or
her election or (provided such instrument acknowledges the Spouse's right to
limit consent to a specific beneficiary) to the Participant's right to designate
any beneficiary or beneficiaries without any further consent by the Spouse; and

                 (D) within the instrument, acknowledges the financial effect of
such election or designation, and that such consent shall be irrevocable; and

                 (E) signs the election or beneficiary designation form in the
presence of either a Plan representative designated by the Committee or a notary
public. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent shall not be required if the
Participant establishes to the satisfaction of the Committee that such consent
cannot be obtained because:

                     (i) there is no Spouse;

                     (ii) the Spouse cannot be located after reasonable efforts
have been made; or

                     (iii) other circumstances exist to excuse spousal consent
under applicable regulations.

Each election made by a Participant shall at all times satisfy the requirements
of this Subsection 6.8(c); if at any time such election shall fail to satisfy
these requirements, such election shall thereupon be deemed null and void.









                                      -25-
<PAGE>

         (d) An election provided under Section 6.6 or 6.7 may be revoked on a
form prescribed by the Committee during the applicable election period and a new
election may be made thereafter if it otherwise complies with this Section.
Elections provided under Section 6.6 or 6.7 if timely made, shall be effective
on the Benefit Commencement Date. Revocations of elections provided under
Section 6.6 or 6.7 shall be effective when the designated form is completed and
filed with the Committee.

         6.9 Permitted Lump-Sum Distributions.

         (a) Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, if the "present
value" of the total amount distributable under this Article VI does not exceed
$3,500 (effective January 1, 1998, $5,000), and has never exceeded $3,500
(effective January 1, 1998, $5,000) at the time of any prior distribution, the
Committee shall make such distribution in one lump sum in cash, which
distribution shall be made as soon as practicable but no later than the close of
the second Plan Year following the Plan Year in which such termination occurs,
without regard to any election by the Participant or his or her beneficiary;
provided, however, that no lump sum distribution may be made after the Benefit
Commencement Date unless the Participant and his or her Spouse (or the surviving
Spouse if the Participant has died) have consented in writing to the
distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, effective for
distributions made on or after March 22, 1999, the nonforfeitable Actuarial
Equivalent value of the amount to be paid to a Participant shall be determined
as of the date his Accrued Benefit is paid to him or applied for his benefit
without regard to the present value of his Accrued Benefit at any earlier time.

         (b) The vested Accrued Benefit of Participants who terminated
employment with the Company prior to October 1, 1999 shall be distributed in the
manner described in subsection (a) above as soon as administratively practicable
after such date if the total nonforfeitable Actuarial Equivalent "present value"
of a Participant's Accrued Benefit (as of the date his Accrued Benefit is paid
to him or applied for his benefit without regard to the "present value" of his
Accrued Benefit at any earlier time) does not exceed $5,000; provided, however,
that the Participant has not been rehired or begun to receive payments in any
other form under the Plan prior to the date of the distribution.

         (c) The vested Accrued Benefit of Participants who terminated
employment with the Company prior to September 1, 2002 shall be distributed in
the manner described in subsection (a) above as soon as administratively
practicable after such date if the total nonforfeitable Actuarial Equivalent
"present value" of a Participant's Accrued Benefit (as of the date his Accrued
Benefit is paid to him or applied for his benefit without regard to the "present
value" of his Accrued Benefit at any earlier time) does not exceed $5,000;
provided, however, that the Participant has not been rehired or begun to receive
payments in any other form under the Plan prior to the date of the distribution.

         (d) The retirement benefit of a terminated Participant who has received
a lump sum distribution of the Actuarial Equivalent of his or her vested Accrued
Benefit and who once again becomes an active Participant, shall be computed
without reference to Years of Credited Service attributable to such distribution
unless, after such Participant's resumption of employment, the Participant
repays, before the earlier of (i) five years after the Participant's Date of
Reemployment, or (ii) the end of the first period of five consecutive Breaks in
Service commencing after the distribution, the full amount of such distribution
plus interest at a rate of 5% per annum computed annually (or such other rate as
determined by the Secretary of the Treasury under Code section 411(c)) from the
date of distribution to the date of repayment. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, if a Participant receives the nonforfeitable portion of his Accrued
Benefit in accordance with paragraphs (b) or (c) after the close of the second
Plan Year beginning after the Participant's termination date (or such later date
as may be permitted under Treasury Regulations with respect to a Participant who
did not receive a distribution before the close of the second Plan Year
beginning after his termination date because the nonforfeitable portion of his
Accrued Benefit exceeded the cash-out limit under section 411(a)(11) of the Code
prior to such date), the Participant's Years of Credited Service for purposes of
Section 6.1 shall not be disregarded, but any benefit that may become payable to
the Participant due to his subsequent reemployment shall be reduced by the
Actuarial Equivalent of the payment that he received.








                                      -26-
<PAGE>

         (e) For purposes of subsections (a), (b) and (c), on or before December
31, 1998, the "present value" of a Participant's Accrued Benefit shall be
determined by using an interest rate not greater than the interest rate that
would have been used by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation as of the date
of distribution for purposes of determining the present value of a lump sum
distribution on plan termination to the affected Participant; and, on or after
January 1, 1999, "present value" shall mean the Actuarial Equivalent present
value of the Participant's Accrued Benefit.

         (f) Effective January 1, 1989, if the present value of a Participant's
vested Accrued Benefit on his or her Date of Severance is zero, the Participant
shall be deemed to have received a single-sum payment of his or her entire
vested Accrued Benefit as of his or her Date of Severance.

         (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any eligible rollover distribution
in excess of $1,000 but not in excess of $5,000 made after the effective date of
final regulations issued by the Department of Labor with respect to section
401(a)(31)(B) of the Code shall be transferred directly to the individual
retirement plan of a designated trustee or insurer, unless the Participant
elects to receive such distribution.

         6.10 Failure to Apply for Pension. Benefit payments shall commence when
properly written application for same is received by the Committee. In the event
that a Participant fails to apply to the Committee for pension benefits by the
earlier of (a) his or her Normal Retirement Date or by his or her Date of
Severance, if later, or (b) the end of the calendar year in which the
Participant attains Age 70 1/2, the Committee shall make diligent efforts to
locate such Participant and obtain such application and, in the case of a
benefit described in Section 6.9, may file an application for him or her if it
has sufficient information to do so. In the event the Participant fails to make
application by his or her Required Distribution Date, the Committee shall
commence distribution as of the Required Distribution Date without such
application. No payments shall be made for the period in which benefits would
have been payable if the Participant had made timely application therefor;
provided, however, that, if the Participant's Benefit Commencement Date (or, if
the Participant has died, his or her Spouse's Benefit Commencement Date under
Section 5.4) has been delayed until after the Participant's Normal Retirement
Date solely by reason of failure to make application, and not by reason of
Suspension Service as described in Section 6.4, the benefit payable (1) to the
Participant on and after his or her Benefit Commencement Date, or (2) to the
Participant's Spouse pursuant to Section 5.4 on and after the Spouse's Benefit
Commencement Date, shall be equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit the
Participant or Spouse would have received had benefits commenced on the
Participant's Normal Retirement Date, as determined to reflect the deferral of
benefit commencement.

         6.11 Time of Distribution. Unless the Participant elects to defer
payments due under the Plan, no distribution of benefits shall begin later than
60 days after the latest of: (a) the end of the Plan Year in which the
Participant attains Normal Retirement Date; (b) the tenth anniversary of his or
her participation in the Plan; or (c) the Participant's termination of
employment.

         6.12 Maximum Limit on Pensions.









                                      -27-
<PAGE>

         (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions herein to the contrary, the
combined annual amount of the retirement benefit payable to a Participant under
this Plan, and any other defined benefit plan to which the Employer or a 50%
Affiliated Company contributes, shall not exceed the lesser of:

             (1) $90,000 or, effective January 1, 2002, $160,000, (or such other
dollar limitation as in effect for the Plan Year under Code section
415(b)(1)(A)) or

             (2) 100% of the Participant's average annual compensation during
the three consecutive calendar years of active participation in which such
compensation is the highest;

         (b) If the benefit payable hereunder is in any form other than a joint
and survivor annuity as described in Section 6.6 or the optional forms available
under Section 6.7(a) or 6.7(c) (if the contingent annuitant is the Participant's
Spouse), the determination as to whether the limitation of this Section 6.12 has
been satisfied shall be made by adjusting such benefit so that it is the
Actuarial Equivalent of a benefit payable annually in the form of a straight
life annuity.

         (c) If the Participant's Benefit Commencement Date occurs before the
Participant attains age 62, the dollar limitation set forth in Paragraph
6.12(a)(1) is the annual benefit payable in the form of a straight life annuity
that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the defined benefit dollar limitation
applicable to the Participant at age 62 (adjusted under (g) or (h) below, if
required).

         (d) For benefits commencing prior to January 1, 2002, if the
Participant's Benefit Commencement Date occurs before the Participant attains
his or her Social Security Retirement Age, but on or after the date the
Participant attains age 62, the dollar limitation in Paragraph 6.12(a)(1) shall
be reduced by 5/9 of 1% for each of the first 36 months and 5/12 of 1% for each
additional month by which the Participant's Benefit Commencement Date precedes
the date the Participant attains his or her Social Security Retirement Age.

         (e) If the Participant's Benefit Commencement Date occurs after the
date the Participant attains his or her Social Security Retirement Age, or
effective January 1, 2002, age 65, the dollar limitation set forth in Paragraph
6.12(a)(1) above is the annual benefit payable in the form of a straight life
annuity beginning at the later age that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the
defined benefit dollar limitation applicable to the Participant at age 65
(adjusted under (g) or (h) below, if required).

         (f) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6.12, the
benefits payable to a Participant may exceed the limitations of Paragraph
6.12(a)(2) (but not in excess of the amount applicable under Paragraph
6.12(a)(1), adjusted as set forth in Paragraph 6.12(g)) if (i) the retirement
benefits payable to such Participant under this and all other defined benefit
plans of the Employer or a 50% Affiliated Company do not exceed $10,000 for the
calendar year or for any prior calendar year and (ii) the Employer or 50%
Affiliated Company has not at any time maintained a defined contribution plan in
which the Participant participated.

         (g) In the case of a Participant who has been an active Participant for
less than 10 full years at the time that retirement benefits begin, the dollar
limitation referred to in Paragraph 6.12(a)(1) above shall be the limitation
otherwise determined herein, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
the number of the Participant's years as an active Participant and the
denominator of which is 10.

         (h) In the case of a Participant who has fewer than 10 Years of Service
at the time that retirement benefits begin, the limitations described in
Paragraph 6.12(a)(2), Subsection 6.12(f) and Subparagraphs 6.12(j)(1)(A) and (B)
shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of the
Participant's Years of Service and the denominator of which is 10.








                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         (i) The limitations of Subsection 6.12(g) shall be applied separately
with respect to each change in the benefit structure of any qualified defined
benefit plan of the Employer or a 50% Affiliated Company, to the extent required
by the Secretary of the Treasury.

         (j) Prior to January 1, 2000, if a Participant is also participating in
a separate defined contribution plan or plans established by the Employer or a
50% Affiliated Company, the benefits hereunder shall be so limited that the sum
of (1) and (2) below shall not exceed 1.0 where:

             (1) Defined Benefit Fraction - is a fraction, the numerator of
which is the projected annual benefit of the Participant under this Plan and the
denominator of which is the lesser of:

                 (A) the product of 1.25 and $90,000 (adjusted to reflect any
cost of living increases provided in accordance with Code section 415), or

                 (B) the product of 1.4 and 100% of the Participant's average
annual compensation for his or her highest three consecutive years; and

             (2) Defined Contribution Fraction - is a fraction, the numerator of
which is the sum of all annual additions to the Participant's accounts under
such defined contribution plans for all limitation years, and the denominator of
which is the sum of the lesser of (A) and (B) for each year during which the
Participant was an Employee of the Employer or a 50% Affiliated Company:

                 (A) the product of 1.25 and the dollar limitation in effect
under Code section 415(c)(1)(A) for such year, or

                 (B) the product of 1.4 and 25% of the Participant's
compensation for such year.

             (3) Adjustment to Defined Contribution Fraction. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Plan satisfied Code section 415 as in effect for the last Plan
Year beginning prior to January 1, 1987, an amount shall be subtracted from the
numerator of the defined contribution fraction (not exceeding such numerator) as
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury so that the sum of the defined
benefit fraction and defined contribution fraction computed under Code section
415(e)(1) as amended effective January 1, 1987, does not exceed 1.0 for such
Plan Year.

             (4) Definitions - For the purposes of this Subsection 6.12(j),
"projected annual benefit" shall mean the annual benefit to which a Participant
would be entitled under the terms of a defined benefit plan if the Participant
had continued employment until his or her normal retirement date under such plan
and if his or her compensation for the purpose of such plan had continued at the
same rate. "annual additions" to a Participant's accounts under any defined
contribution plan for any Plan Year shall mean the sum of (A) employer
contributions; (B) forfeitures; (C)(i) for Plan Years beginning on or after
January 1, 1987, the Participant's own contributions, if any, and (ii) for Plan
Years beginning before January 1, 1987, the lesser of (I) one-half of the
Participant's own contributions, if any, or (II) the Participant's own
contributions in excess of 6% of his or her compensation for such limitation
year; (D) all amounts allocated to any Participant after March 31, 1984 to an
individual medical account (within the meaning of Code section 415(l)(2)) which
is part of a pension or annuity plan maintained by the Employer or any 50%
Affiliated Company; and (E) all amounts derived from contributions paid or
accrued after December 31, 1985, in taxable years ending after such date which
are attributable to post-retirement medical benefits allocated to a separate
account of a Participant who is a key Employee (as defined in Code section
419A(d)(3)), under a welfare benefit fund maintained by the Employer or any 50%
Affiliated Company.








                                      -29-
<PAGE>

         (k) For the purposes of this Section 6.12, "annual compensation" shall
be annual wages for federal tax withholding purposes, as defined in section
3401(a) of the Code and all other payments to a Participant by an Employer or
Participating Employer in the course of such Employer or Participating
Employer's trade or business, for which the Employer or Participating Employer
is required to furnish the Participant with a written statement under Code
section 6041(d) and 6051(a)(3), but determined without regard to any rules under
Code section 3401(a) that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the
nature or location of the employment or the services performed; provided,
however, that effective January 1, 1998, "annual compensation" shall include
elective deferrals as defined in section 402(g)(3) of the Code, as well as any
other amounts contributed or deferred by the Employer at the election of the
Employee which are excluded from the gross income of the Employee under section
125 or 457 of the Code, or, for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1,
2001, section 132(f)(4) of the Code. Compensation taken into account under this
Section 6.12 with respect to any Plan year shall not exceed the dollar
limitation in effect under Code section 401(a)(17) for the Plan Year.

         (l) If a Participant's benefit is otherwise limited by this Section
6.12, the benefit payable to the Participant's Spouse under Section 5.4 or under
a qualified joint and survivor annuity shall be based upon the Participant's
benefit without regard to this Section 6.12, and the limitations of this Section
shall apply to the resulting benefit payable to the Spouse.

         (m) Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the
limitations of this Section 6.12 shall not cause the benefit payable to an
individual who was a Participant on December 31, 1998 under any form of
distribution which is subject to Section 417(e)(3) of the Code, when expressed
as a single life annuity, to be less than such Participant's 1998 Benefit. For
this purpose, a Participant's "1998 Benefit" shall mean the benefit payable
under the applicable form of distribution expressed as a single life annuity
calculated using the interest rate and mortality tables in effect on December
31, 1998 for purposes of this Section 6.12, and the provisions of Section 415 of
the Code as in effect on December 7, 1994. In determining the amount of a
Participant's 1998 Benefit, the following shall be disregarded: (1) any Plan
amendment increasing benefits that was adopted after January 1, 1999; and (2)
any cost of living adjustment occurring after January 1, 1999.

         6.13 Compliance With Overall Permitted Disparity Limits.
Notwithstanding any other provisions herein to the contrary, the overall
permitted disparity limits set forth in Treas. Reg. ss.1.401(l)-5 shall not be
exceeded with respect to any Participant when all qualified plans of the
Employer and all Affiliated Companies are taken into account.

         6.14 Required Distributions. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to
the contrary, a Participant's vested Accrued Benefit shall be distributed to him
or her beginning no later than his or her Required Distribution Date. The form
and the timing of all distributions under the Plan shall be in accordance with
regulations issued by the Department of the Treasury under Code section
401(a)(9), including the incidental death benefit requirements of Code section
401(a)(9)(G) and Treas. Reg. ss. 1.401(a)(9)-2. Distributions made on or after
January 1, 2002 will be made in accordance with the 401(a)(9) Final and
Temporary Regulations and the requirements of this Section 6.14 will take
precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.

         (a) Required Distribution Date. For this purpose, a Participant's
Required Distribution Date is:

             (1) in the case of a Participant who is a 5% owner (within the
meaning of Code section 416(i)) with respect to the Plan Year ending in the
calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1/2, April 1 of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age
70-1/2; and









                                      -30-
<PAGE>

             (2) in the case of a Participant who is not a 5% owner, as
described above, April 1 of the calendar year following the later of (1) the
calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1/2, or (2) the calendar
year in which the Participant has a Date of Severance.

             (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Participant who
attained age 70-1/2 prior to January 1, 1999 and who is not a 5% owner, as
described above, Required Distribution Date shall mean April 1 of the calendar
year following the calendar year in which the Participant attained age 70-1/2.

         (b) Increase for Retirement Post Age 70 1/2. In the event a Participant
commences payment of benefits later than the April 1 of the calendar year
following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70-1/2, an
actuarial increase, in accordance with Code section 401(a)(9) and regulations
thereunder, shall be provided for the period beginning on the April 1 of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age
70-1/2 and ending on his Benefit Commencement Date.

         (c) Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin. If the Participant
dies before distributions begin, the Participant's entire interest will be
distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows:

             (1) If the Participant's surviving Spouse is the Participant's sole
Designated Beneficiary, then distributions to the surviving Spouse will begin by
December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in
which the Participant died, or by December 31 of the calendar year in which the
Participant would have attained age 70 1/2, if later.

             (2) If the Participant's surviving Spouse is not the Participant's
sole Designated Beneficiary, then distributions to the Designated Beneficiary
will begin by December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the
calendar year in which the Participant died.

             (3) If there is no Designated Beneficiary as of September 30
of the year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant's
entire interest will be distributed by December 31 of the calendar year
containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

             (4) If the Participant's surviving Spouse is the Participant's sole
Designated Beneficiary and the surviving Spouse dies after the Participant but
before distributions to the surviving Spouse begin, this section 6.14, other
than section 6.14(c)(1), will apply as if the surviving Spouse were the
Participant.

         For purposes of this Section 6.14(c) and Section 6.14(g), distributions
are considered to begin on the Participant's Required Distribution Date (or, if
Section 6.14(c)(4) applies, the date distributions are required to begin to the
surviving Spouse under Section 6.14(c)(1)). If annuity payments irrevocably
commence to the Participant before the Participant's Required Distribution Date
(or to the Participant's surviving Spouse before the date on which distributions
are required to begin to the surviving Spouse under Section 6.14(c)(1), the date
distributions are considered to begin is the date distributions actually
commence.

         (d) Form of Distribution. Unless the Participant's interest is
distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company or in
a single sum on or before the Required Distribution Date, as of the first
Distribution Calendar Year distributions will be made in accordance with
Subsections (e), (f) and (g) of this article. If the Participant's interest is
distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance company,
distributions thereunder will be made in accordance with the requirements of
section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the Treasury regulations.







                                      -31-
<PAGE>

         (e) Determination of Amount to be Distributed Each Year.

             (1) General Annuity Requirements. If the Participant's interest is
paid in the form of annuity distributions under the Plan, payments under the
annuity will satisfy the following requirements:

                 (i) the annuity distributions will be paid in periodic payments
made at intervals not longer than one year;

                 (ii) the distribution period will be over a life (or lives) or
over a period certain not longer than the period described in Subsection (f) or
(g);

                 (iii) once payments have begun over a period certain, the
period certain will not be changed even if the period certain is shorter than
the maximum permitted;

                 (iv) payments will either be nonincreasing or increase only as
follows: by an annual percentage increase that does not exceed the annual
percentage increase in a cost-of-living index that is based on prices of all
items and issued by the Bureau of Labor Statistics; to the extent of the
reduction in the amount of the Participant's payments to provide for a survivor
benefit upon death, but only if the beneficiary whose life was being used to
determine the distribution period described in Subsection (f) dies or is no
longer the Participant's beneficiary pursuant to a Qualified Domestic Relations
Order within the meaning of section 414(p); or to pay increased benefits that
result from a Plan amendment.

             (2) Amount Required to be Distributed by Required Distribution
Date. The amount that must be distributed on or before the Participant's
Required Distribution Date (or, if the Participant dies before distributions
begin, the date distributions are required to begin under Subsections (c)(1) or
(c)(2) is the payment that is required for one payment interval. The second
payment need not be made until the end of the next payment interval even if that
payment interval ends in the next calendar year. Payment intervals are the
periods for which payments are received, e.g., bi-monthly, monthly,
semi-annually, or annually. All of the Participant's benefit accruals as of the
last day of the first Distribution Calendar Year will be included in the
calculation of the amount of the annuity payments for payment intervals ending
on or after the Participant's Required Distribution Date.

             (3) Additional Accruals After First Distribution Calendar Year. Any
additional benefits accruing to the Participant in a calendar year after the
first Distribution Calendar Year will be distributed beginning with the first
payment interval ending in the calendar year immediately following the calendar
year in which such amount accrues.

         (f) Requirements For Annuity Distributions That Commence During
Participant's Lifetime.

             (1) Joint Life Annuities Where the Beneficiary Is Not the
Participant's Spouse. If the Participant's interest is being distributed in the
form of a joint and survivor annuity for the joint lives of the Participant and
a nonspouse beneficiary, annuity payments to be made on or after the
Participant's Required Distribution Date to the Designated Beneficiary after the
Participant's death must not at any time exceed the applicable percentage of the
annuity payment for such period that would have been payable to the Participant
using the table set forth in Q&A-2 of section 1.401(a)(9)-6T of the Treasury
regulations.







                                      -32-
<PAGE>

             (2) Period Certain Annuities. Unless the Participant's Spouse is
the sole Designated Beneficiary and the form of distribution is a period certain
and no life annuity, the period certain for an annuity distribution commencing
during the Participant's lifetime may not exceed the applicable distribution
period for the Participant under the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in section
1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations for the calendar year that contains
the annuity starting date. If the annuity starting date precedes the year in
which the Participant reaches age 70, the applicable distribution period for the
Participant is the distribution period for age 70 under the Uniform Lifetime
Table set forth in section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations plus the
excess of 70 over the age of the Participant as of the Participant's birthday in
the year that contains the annuity starting date. If the Participant's Spouse is
the Participant's sole Designated Beneficiary and the form of distribution is a
period certain and no life annuity, the period certain may not exceed the longer
of the Participant's applicable distribution period, as determined under this
section 4.2, or the joint life and last survivor expectancy of the Participant
and the Participant's Spouse as determined under the Joint and Last Survivor
Table set forth in section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the
Participant's and Spouse's attained ages as of the Participant's and Spouse's
birthdays in the calendar year that contains the annuity starting date.

         (g) Requirements For Minimum Distributions Where Participant Dies
Before Date Distributions Begin.

             (1) Participant Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the
Participant dies before the date distribution of his or her interest begins and
there is a Designated Beneficiary, the Participant's entire interest will be
distributed, beginning no later than the time described in Subsections (c)(1) or
(c)(2), over the life of the Designated Beneficiary or over a period certain not
exceeding:

                 (A) unless the annuity starting date is before the first
Distribution Calendar Year, the Life Expectancy of the Designated Beneficiary
determined using the beneficiary's age as of the beneficiary's birthday in the
calendar year immediately following the calendar year of the Participant's
death; or

                 (B) if the annuity starting date is before the first
Distribution Calendar Year, the Life Expectancy of the Designated Beneficiary
determined using the beneficiary's age as of the beneficiary's birthday in the
calendar year that contains the annuity starting date.

             (2) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Participant dies before the
date distributions begin and there is no Designated Beneficiary as of September
30 of the year following the year of the Participant's death, distribution of
the Participant's entire interest will be completed by December 31 of the
calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death.

             (3) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving
Spouse Begin. If the Participant dies before the date distribution of his or her
interest begins, the Participant's surviving Spouse is the Participant's sole
Designated Beneficiary, and the surviving Spouse dies before distributions to
the surviving Spouse begin, this Subsection (g) will apply as if the surviving
Spouse were the Participant, except that the time by which distributions must
begin will be determined without regard to Subsection (c)(1).

         6.15 1993 Early Retirement Incentive. Any Participant:

         (a) who is employed in the Eastern Division of Maritrans General
Partner Inc., the Business Services Division of Maritrans General Partner Inc.,
or the Operating Services Division of Maritrans General Partner Inc.;

         (b) who has fifteen Years of Credited Service and has attained age
fifty-five as of December 1, 1993;

         (c) who elects during the period commencing December 1, 1993 and ending
December 31, 1993 to retire under the terms of the Maritrans Inc. Voluntary
Separation Program; and








                                      -33-
<PAGE>

         (d) who retires not later than December 31, 1993

shall be eligible to receive a monthly pension equal to the Participant's
Accrued Benefit computed as provided in Section 6.1 based upon (i) the number of
Years of Credited Service the Participant could have attained if the Participant
remained in Service until his Normal Retirement Date and (ii) the Participant's
Average Basic Monthly Compensation determined as of December 31, 1993. The
actuarial reduction described in Section 6.2 shall not apply to such monthly
pension. Subject to the notice provisions of Section 6.8, the Participant may
elect to receive retirement benefits in any optional form provided in Section
6.7. The Participant's monthly pension shall commence as of January 1, 1994,
notwithstanding any reasonable administrative delay in providing the notice
required under Section 6.8 or any delay on the part of the Participant in making
an election pursuant to Section 6.7.

         6.16 1995 Early Retirement Incentive. Any Participant

         (a) who is employed in the Gulf Division of Maritrans General Partner
Inc.;

         (b) whose duties are primarily in a nonseagoing capacity;

         (c) who has fifteen Years of Credited Service and has attained age
fifty-five as of May 8, 1995;

         (d) who elects during the period commencing May 8, 1995 and ending June
24, 1995 to retire under the terms of the Maritrans Inc. Voluntary Separation
Program;

         (e) who signs a written election and release form provided by the
Committee; and

         (f) who retires not later than December 31, 1995

shall be eligible to receive a monthly pension equal to the Participant's
Accrued Benefit computed as provided in Section 6.1 based upon (i) the number of
Years of Credited Service the Participant could have attained if the Participant
remained in Service until his Normal Retirement Date and (ii) the Participant's
Average Basic Monthly Compensation determined as of May 8, 1995. The actuarial
reduction described in Section 6.2 shall not apply to such monthly pension.
Subject to the notice provisions of Section 6.8, the Participant may elect to
receive retirement benefits in any optional form provided in Section 6.7. The
Participant's monthly pension shall commence as of the first day of the month
following the date the Participant terminates employment, notwithstanding any
reasonable administrative delay in providing the notice required under Section
6.8 or any delay on the part of the Participant in making an election pursuant
to Section 6.7.

         6.17 Direct Rollovers.

         (a) This Section 6.17 applies to distributions made on or after January
1, 1993. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary that would
otherwise limit a distributee's election under this Section 6.17, a distributee
may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Committee, to have
any portion of an eligible rollover distribution paid directly to an eligible
retirement plan specified by the distributee in a direct rollover.

         (b) Definitions.








                                      -34-
<PAGE>

             (1) "Eligible Rollover Distribution." An eligible rollover
distribution is any distribution of all or any portion of the balance to the
credit of the distributee, except that an eligible rollover distribution does
not include: any distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal
periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made for the life (or life
expectancy) of the distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies)
of the distributee and the distributee's Designated Beneficiary, or for a
specified period of ten years or more; any distribution to the extent such
distribution is required under section 401(a)(9) of the Code; and the portion of
any distribution that is not includible in gross income (determined without
regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to employer
securities).

             (2) "Eligible Retirement Plan." An eligible retirement plan is an
individual retirement account described in section 408(a) of the Code, an
individual retirement annuity described in section 408(b) of the Code, an
annuity plan described in section 403(a) of the Code, or a qualified trust
described in section 401(a) of the Code, or, effective for distributions made
after December 31, 2001, an annuity contract described in section 403(b) or a
retirement plan under section 457(b) of the Code, that accepts the distributee's
eligible rollover distribution. However, in the case of an eligible rollover
distribution to the surviving Spouse, an eligible retirement plan is an
individual retirement account or individual retirement annuity.

             (3) "Distributee." A distributee includes an Employee or former
Employee. In addition, the Employee's or former Employee's surviving Spouse and
the Employee's or former Employee's Spouse or former Spouse who is the alternate
payee under a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, as defined in section 414(p)
of the Code, are distributees with regard to the interest of the Spouse or
former Spouse.

             (4) "Direct Rollover." A direct rollover is a payment by the Plan
to the eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee.

         6.18 Special Benefit Enhancement for Certain Chief Engineers. Any
Participant

         (a) who was formerly a Participant in the District 2 MEBA-AMO Pension
Plan (the "AMO Plan");

         (b) who ceased to participate in the AMO Plan and became a Participant
in the Plan on August 15, 1984, December 7, 1984, or January 15, 1985;

         (c) who was employed by the Company (or a predecessor) in the position
of "Chief Engineer" at the time of such change in participation;

         (d) who has 20 or more Years of Credited Service on August 9, 1999 or
who had 20 or more Years of Credited Service at the time of termination of
employment which occurred on or after June 30, 1991;

         (e) who elects, during the period commencing August 9, 1999 and ending
September 23, 1999, to receive a benefit under the terms of this Section 6.18;

         (f) who signs a written election and release form provided by the
Committee; and

         (g) who is then retired or actually retires not later than December 31,
1999;









                                      -35-
<PAGE>

shall be eligible to receive a monthly pension equal to the amount of benefit
that would have been paid to such Participant under the AMO Plan determined
under the benefit formula in effect under the AMO Plan on August 9, 1999. The
benefit payable under this Section 6.18 shall be effective and commence as of
the later of September 1, 1999 (except as provided below), or the first day of
the month following the date the Participant complies with all of the conditions
set forth in clauses (a) through (g) above. The actuarial reduction described in
Section 6.2 shall not apply to such monthly pension. Subject to the notice
provisions of Section 6.8, the Participant may elect to receive retirement
benefits in any optional form provided in Section 6.7. The Participant's monthly
pension shall commence as provided above, notwithstanding any reasonable
administrative delay in providing the notice required under Section 6.8 or any
delay on the part of the Participant in making an election pursuant to Section
6.7.

         The Special Enhancement Benefit provided under this Section 6.18 shall
be modified by any additional benefits or forms of payment as provided under
Appendix A of the Plan.

         Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the benefit
payable to any Participant under this Section 6.18 shall be in lieu of any other
benefit currently being paid or that is currently payable from the Plan for that
Participant.






















                                      -36-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE VII

                                 DEATH BENEFITS
                                 --------------

         7.1 Death Before Retirement. If a Participant dies before retirement
and while still in the Employer's or Participating Employer's active employ (but
after the Anniversary Date on which Contracts on his or her life are first to
become effective) or prior to the Benefit Commencement Date, his or her
beneficiaries will be paid a death benefit equal to the proceeds of Contracts
purchased for his or her benefit as set forth in Article IV hereof less the
present value of the Actuarial Equivalent of the survivor annuity benefit under
Section 5.4. Such death benefit shall be payable to the Participant's
beneficiaries in a lump sum or other form of distribution as may be selected by
such beneficiaries.

         7.2 Death After Retirement. No death benefit will be paid in the event
of the death of a Participant after the later of retirement or the Participant's
Benefit Commencement Date, except to the extent that there may be a death
benefit provided under any optional method of payment elected by the Participant
or remaining payments due a contingent or joint annuitant or the Participant's
Spouse.

         7.3 Designation of Beneficiaries. Each Participant shall name one or
more direct or contingent beneficiaries and shall select the method of payment
of death benefits on forms supplied by the insurance company. Any death benefit
which is undisposed of because of such Participant's failure to designate a
beneficiary or because all or some of the designated beneficiaries have
predeceased him or her shall be paid to the Participant's Spouse, if living,
otherwise to his or her natural and adopted children, if living, otherwise to
his or her parents or survivor thereof, if living, otherwise to his or her
brothers and sisters, if living, but otherwise to his or her estate. The benefit
shall be paid to the first mentioned person or class, if there be such, in the
order named, to the exclusion of all the following persons or classes named.

         7.4 Contract Dividends. Any dividend payable while premiums are being
paid on any Contracts shall be used in reduction of the premiums. Any dividend
payable when there is no premium due, or when premiums are no longer payable on
any Contract by the Trustee, shall be used to increase the proceeds of the
policy. Any post mortem dividend shall be paid in cash to the Trustee.

         7.5 Refund of Premiums on Death. In the event of death of a Participant
prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date while any Contract on his or her life
is in force on a premium payment basis, any portion of the last premium due and
paid which is applicable to the period beyond the Contract month in which the
Participant died, shall be paid in cash to the Trustee.





















                                      -37-
<PAGE>



                                  ARTICLE VIII

                     SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR TOP-HEAVY PLANS
                     --------------------------------------

         8.1 General Rule. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary,
for any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 1983, in which the Plan is
determined to be a Top-Heavy Plan, the provisions of this Article VIII shall
become effective.

         8.2 Definitions.

         (a) "Aggregation Group" shall mean:

             (1) each qualified retirement plan (including a frozen plan or a
plan which has been terminated during the 60-month period ending on the
determination date (as defined in Code section 416(g)), of the Employer or an
Affiliated Company in which a Key Employee participates and

             (2) each other qualified retirement plan (including a frozen plan
or a plan which has been terminated during the 60-month period ending on the
Determination Date) of the Employer or an Affiliated Company which enables such
plan to meet the requirements of Code section 401(a)(4) or 410. The foregoing
notwithstanding, the Employer may treat any or all other qualified retirement
plans (including a frozen plan or a plan which has been terminated during the
60-month period ending on the Determination Date) not required to be included in
the Aggregation Group as being part of such group if such group would continue
to meet the requirements of Code sections 401(a)(4) and 410 with such other plan
or plans being taken into account.

         (b) "Annual Compensation" is defined and shall be taken into account in
the same manner as set out in Section 6.12(k).

         (c) "Determination Date" shall mean the last day of the preceding Plan
Year.

         (d) "Key Employee" shall mean a person employed or formerly employed by
the Employer or an Affiliated Company who, during the Plan Year or during any of
the preceding 4 Plan Years (or, effective January 1, 2002, during the Plan
Year), was any of the following:

             (1) An officer of the Employer having an annual Compensation of
more than (A) 50% of the amount in effect under section 415(b)(1)(A) of the Code
for the Plan Year or (B) effective January 1, 2002, $130,000 or such other
amount as may be in effect under section 416(i)(1)(A)(i) of the Code. The number
of persons to be considered officers in any Plan Year and the identity of the
persons to be so considered shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of
section 416(i) of the Code and the regulations published thereunder.

             (2) For periods prior to January 1, 2002, one of the 10 Employees
who owns (or is considered as owning under the attribution rules set forth at
section 318 of the Code and the regulations thereunder) the largest interest in
the Employer or an Affiliated Company, provided that no person shall be
considered a Key Employee under this paragraph (2) if his annual Compensation is
not greater than the limitation in effect for such Plan Year under section
415(c)(1)(A) of the Code, nor shall any person be considered a Key Employee
under this paragraph (2) if his ownership interest in the Plan Year being tested
and the preceding 4 Plan Years was at all times less than 1/2% in value of any
of the entities forming the Employer and the Affiliated Companies.

             (3) A 5% owner of the Employer or an Affiliated Company within the
meaning of section 416(i) of the Code.








                                      -38-
<PAGE>

             (4) A person who is both an Employee whose annual Compensation
exceeds $150,000 and who is a 1% owner of the Employer or an Affiliated Company
within the meaning of section 416(i) of the Code.

The beneficiary of any deceased Participant who was a Key Employee shall be
considered a Key Employee for the same period as the deceased Participant would
have been so considered.

         (e) "Key Employee Ratio" shall mean the ratio (expressed as a
percentage) for any Plan Year, determined as of the Determination Date, by
dividing the amount described in paragraph (1) hereof by the amount described in
paragraph (2) hereof, after deduction from both such amounts the amount
described in paragraph (3) hereof.

             (1) The amount described in this paragraph (1) is the sum of (A)
the aggregate of the present value of all accrued benefits of Key Employees
under all qualified defined benefit plans included in the Aggregation Group, (B)
the aggregate of the balances in all of the accounts standing to the credit of
Key Employees under all qualified defined contribution plans included in the
Aggregation Group, and (C) either (i) the aggregate amount distributed from all
plans in such Aggregation Group to or on behalf of any Key Employee during the
period of 5 Plan Years ending on the Determination Date or (ii) effective
January 1, 2002, the sum of (I) the amount of any in-service distributions made
to any Key Employee made from a plan in the Aggregation Group during the 5-Plan
Year period ending on the Determination Date and (II) any other distributions
made from a plan in the Aggregation Group to a Key Employee during the one-year
period ending on the Determination Date.

             (2) The amount described in this paragraph (2) is the sum of (A)
the aggregate of the present value of all accrued benefits of all Participants
under all qualified defined benefit plans included in the Aggregation Group, (B)
the aggregate of the balances in all of the accounts standing to the credit of
all Participants under all qualified defined contribution plans included in the
Aggregation Group, and (C) either (i) the aggregate amount distributed from all
plans in such Aggregation Group to or on behalf of any Participant during the
period of 5 Plan Years ending on the Determination Date or (ii) effective
January 1, 2002, the sum of (I) the amount of any in-service distributions made
to any Participant from any plan in the Aggregation Group during the 5-Plan Year
period ending on the Determination Date and (II) any other distributions made to
any Participant from any plan in the Aggregation Group during the one-year
period ending on the Determination Date.

             (3) The amount described in this paragraph (3) is the sum of (A)
all rollover contributions (or similar transfers) to plans included in the
Aggregation Group initiated by an Employee and made from a plan sponsored by an
employer which is not an Employer or Affiliated Company, (B) with respect to
Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1984, any amount that would have been
included under paragraph (1) or (2) hereof with respect to any person who has
not performed services for any Employer at any time during the 5-year period
(or, effective January 1, 2002, the one-year period) ending on the Determination
Date, and (C) any amount that is included in paragraph (2) hereof for, on behalf
of, or on account of, a person who is a Non-Key Employee as to the Plan Year of
reference but who was a Key Employee as to any earlier Plan Year.

The present value of accrued benefits under any defined benefit plan shall be
determined under the method used for accrual purposes for all plans maintained
by the Employer and all Affiliated Companies if a single method is used by all
such plans, or otherwise, the slowest accrual method permitted under section
411(b)(1)(C) of the Code.

         (f) "Non-Key Employee" shall mean any Employee or former Employee who
is not a Key Employee as to that Plan Year, or a beneficiary of a deceased
Participant who was a Non-Key Employee.







                                      -39-
<PAGE>

         (g) "Testing Period Average Compensation" shall mean the average of the
Participant's Compensation over the testing period consisting of the 5
consecutive Plan Years during which the Participant was in the employ of the
Employer (whether or not such Plan Years were years during any part of which he
was an Active Participant) yielding the highest such average, omitting from the
Plan Years considered (1) Plan Years within which there ended a Computation
Period in which the Participant was not credited with a year of Vesting Service,
(2) Plan Years beginning before January 1, 1984, and (3) Plan Years beginning
after the close of the last Plan Year in which the Plan was Top-Heavy. If there
be fewer than 5 consecutive Plan Years in the testing period as described, the
testing period shall be considered to consist of all such years as would be
included if the "consecutive" requirement did not apply (to a maximum of the
lesser of (I) all such years, if fewer than 5, or (ll) 5 such years).

The Section 401(a)(17) Compensation Limit described in Section 2.7(b) will apply
for purposes of this Section.

         8.3 Determination of Top-Heavy Status. The Plan will be considered a
Top-Heavy Plan for the Plan Year, if, as of the Determination Date either of the
following conditions are met:

             (a) the Plan is not part of an Aggregation Group and the Key
Employee Ratio, determined by substituting the "Plan" for the "Aggregation
Group" each place it appears in Section 8.2(e), exceeds 60%, or

             (b) the Plan is part of an Aggregation Group, and the Key Employee
Ratio of such Aggregation Group exceeds 60%.

         8.4 Minimum Benefits. For any Plan Year in which the Plan is determined
to be a Top-Heavy Plan pursuant to Section 8.3, the minimum Accrued Benefit
derived from the Employer or Participating Employer contributions for each
Participant who is a Non-Key Employee and who has completed 1,000 Hours of
Service during such Plan Year, shall not be less than the product of:

         (a) 2% of such Participant's Testing Period Average Compensation; and

         (b) the Participant's Years of Service (not exceeding 10) during which
the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan and effective January 1, 2002, excluding any
portion of a Plan Year in which no Key Employee or former Key Employee benefits.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is also participating in
another defined benefit plan and/or defined contribution plan maintained by the
Employer or Participating Employer, the minimum benefit hereunder may be reduced
in accordance with regulations issued under Code section 416(f).

         8.5 Minimum Vesting. For any Plan Year in which the Plan is determined
to be a Top-Heavy Plan pursuant to Section 8.3, each Participant's Accrued
Benefit shall become vested in accordance with the following schedule:

                           Years of Service                   Vested Percentage
                           ----------------                   -----------------
                           Less than 2                                 0%
                                    2                                 20%
                                    3                                 40%
                                    4                                 60%
                                    5                                 80%
                             6 or more                               100%
















                                      -40-
<PAGE>

The foregoing notwithstanding and subject to the provisions of Section 10.2, if
the Plan ceases to be Top-Heavy, the provisions of Section 5.6 shall thereafter
apply.

         8.6 Adjustments to Maximum Limitations on Benefits and Contributions.
For any Plan Year in which the Plan is determined to be a Top-Heavy Plan
pursuant to Section 8.3, paragraph (j) of Section 6.12 shall be read by
substituting the number "1.00" for the number "1.25", wherever it appears.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made to Paragraph (j) of
Section 6.12 if the following requirements are met:

         (a) Section 8.4 shall be applied by substituting "3%" for "2%";

         (b) the employer contribution under the defined contribution plan for
each Participant who is a Non-Key Employee is not less than the lesser of:

             (1) 4% of such Participant's total compensation, or

             (2) the percentage at which contributions are made under the plan
for the year for the Key Employee for whom such percentage is highest;

         (c) the present value of the cumulative Accrued Benefits under the Plan
of Participants who are Key Employees does not exceed 90% of the present value
of the total Accrued Benefits of all Participants; and

         (d) the sum of (i) the present value of the cumulative accrued benefits
for Key Employees under all defined benefit plans in the Aggregation Group and
(ii) the aggregate of the accounts of Key Employees under all defined
contribution plans in the Aggregation Group does not exceed 90% of such sum
determined for all Employees.























                                      -41-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE IX

                   ADMINISTRATION AND FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY

         9.1 Employer. The Employer, acting by determination of its Board of
Directors, may amend the Plan as it deems necessary or desirable and shall
appoint the Committee members and determine the amount of contributions as
required by Section 4.1. The Compensation Committee shall appoint the Trustee
and the Investment Advisor, if desired.

         9.2 Investment Advisor. If appointed by the Employer, the Investment
Advisor shall direct the Trustee in the investment and reinvestment of the Fund,
or such portion thereof as may be assigned to it for supervision.

         9.3 Trustee. The Trustee will invest and reinvest the Fund in
accordance with the Trust Agreement and make distributions upon instructions of
the Committee.

         9.4 Committee. The Committee will decide questions of Plan
interpretation, eligibility and distribution of benefits and will supply any
omissions to, and resolve all inconsistencies in the Plan and will make all
factual determinations required. Any determinations made by the Committee
pursuant to this Section 9.4 shall be conclusive and binding on all parties. The
Committee shall receive reports from the Trustee as to the status of the Fund,
review the investment performance of the Fund, advise the Compensation Committee
as to the status of the Fund from time to time, and instruct the Trustee with
respect to benefit distributions. The Committee may contract for clerical,
legal, accounting, and actuarial services as may be desirable for the proper
administration of the Plan, the costs of which may be paid from the Fund or by
the Employer or Participating Employers as the Employer shall determine. The
Committee is designated as the agent for service of process. The Committee shall
maintain records of Participants' service, age, compensation and other required
information. The Committee shall provide rules for administration of the Plan
which are not inconsistent with its terms and the decisions of the Committee,
shall determine questions of eligibility and distribution of benefits. Any
determinations made by the Committee pursuant to this Section 9.4 shall be
conclusive and binding on all parties. The Committee shall also prepare or cause
to be prepared all tax returns and other reports that may be required by law.
Records of the Committee may be examined by the Employer, and the Participant
may examine those records of the Committee relating to him or her.

         9.6 Claims Procedure.

         (a) Initial Claim. A Participant or Beneficiary ("claimant") who
believes he is entitled to benefits hereunder, may claim those benefits by
submitting to the Committee a written notification of any claim of right to such
benefits. The Committee shall make all determinations as to the right of any
person to receive benefits under the Plan. If such benefits are wholly or
partially denied, the Committee shall notify the claimant of the denial of the
claim.

         (b) Notice of Denial of Claim. Any notice of denial of a claim shall

             (1) be in writing and sent to the claimant by registered or
certified mail (or, by means of an electronic medium that satisfies the
requirements of 29 CFR 2520.104b-1(c)(1)(i), (iii) and (iv));

             (2) be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the
claimant;








                                      -42-
<PAGE>

             (3) contain (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial of
the claim, (b) a specific reference to the pertinent provisions of the Plan upon
which the denial is based, (c) a description of the required documentation and
procedures necessary to perfect the claim, along with an explanation of why such
material or information is necessary, (d) an explanation of the claims review
procedure, including time limits applicable to the procedure and (e) a statement
of the claimant's right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of ERISA
following an adverse determination on review; and

             (4) be given to a claimant within 90 days after receipt of his
claim by the Committee unless special circumstances require an extension of time
for processing of the claim. If such extension of time for processing is
required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant
prior to the termination of said 90-day period, and such notice shall indicate
the special circumstances which make the postponement appropriate and the date
the determination is expected. In no event may the extension exceed a total of
180 days from the date of the original receipt of the claim.

         (c) Procedure for Appeal. In case of a denial as outlined in Section
5(b) of this Appendix, the claimant or his representative shall have the
opportunity to appeal to the Committee for review thereof by requesting such
review in writing to the Committee; provided, however, that such written request
must be received by the Committee (or his delegate to receive such requests)
within 60 days after receipt by the claimant of notification of the denial or
limitation of the claim. The claimant or his representative shall have a right
to review all pertinent documents and submit comments in writing. The claimant
or his duly authorized representative shall also be provided, upon request and
without charge, reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records, or
other information relevant to the claim. The claimant or his duly authorized
representative shall also be permitted to submit to the Committee, documents,
records and other information relating to the claim.

         (d) Decision on Appeal.

             (1) No later than 60 days after its receipt of the request for
review, the Committee shall render a decision in writing, (or, by means of an
electronic medium that satisfies the requirements of 29 CFR
2520.104b-1(c)(1)(i), (iii) and (iv)) stating specific reasons therefor and
citing specific Plan references. If special circumstances require extension, and
upon prior written notice to the claimant, the Committee's decision may be given
within 120 days after receipt of the request for review. The extension notice
shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension and the date
that the determination on review is expected.

             (2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Committee is a committee
that holds regularly scheduled meetings at least quarterly, an individual's
request for review will be acted upon at the meeting immediately following the
receipt of the individual's request, unless such request is filed within thirty
(30) days preceding such meeting. In such instance, the decision shall be made
no later than the date of the second meeting following receipt of such request.
If special circumstances (such as a need to hold a hearing) require a further
extension of time for processing a request, a decision shall be rendered not
later than the third meeting of the Committee following the receipt of such
request for review and written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the
individual prior to the commencement of the extension. The extension notice
shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension and the date
that the determination on review will be made. The Committee shall notify the
claimant or his representative of the determination as soon as possible, but not
later than five days after the determination is made.

             (3) In the event that the decision denies in whole or in part a
claim on appeal, the notice furnished to the claimant shall also specify that
the claimant or his duly authorized representative has a right to be provided,
upon request and without charge, reasonable access to and copies of, all
documents, records, or other information relevant to the claim, a description of
any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Plan and specify that the
claimant has a right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of ERISA.








                                      -43-
<PAGE>

         9.7 Uniformity of Action. Whenever the Employer, Participating
Employer, or Committee are required or permitted to make decisions with respect
to eligibility of an Employee for participation, or benefit distributions, such
decisions shall be uniform and consistent with respect to all persons similarly
situated. No action shall be taken which discriminates in favor of the
Employer's or Participating Employer's officers or supervisory personnel.

         9.8 Reliance on Others. The Employer and its Board of Directors,
Trustee, Investment Advisor (if appointed) and Committee shall be responsible
only for those separate duties assigned to each by the Plan, and none shall have
responsibility for performance of duties assigned to another of them under the
Plan. Each of them may rely on reports, notices, certifications or other
communications furnished by the others. The Committee may rely on the reports
and opinions furnished by persons retained by them.

         9.9 Indemnification. The Employer shall indemnify each Board member,
Committee member, and other Employees of the Employer or any Participating
Employer involved in the administration of the Plan against all costs, expenses
and liabilities, including attorney's fees, incurred in connection with any
action, suit or proceeding instituted against him or her alleging any act of
omission or commission performed by him or her while acting in good faith in
discharging his or her duties with respect to the Plan. This indemnification is
limited to the extent such costs and expenses are not covered under insurance as
may be now or hereafter provided by the Employer or any Participating Employer.
Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 9.9, of notice
of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall notify the
Employer of the commencement thereof. The Employer shall be entitled to
participate at its own expense in the defense or to assume the defense of any
action brought against any party indemnified hereunder. In the event the
Employer elects to assume the defense of any such suit, such defense shall be
conducted by counsel chosen by the Employer and the indemnified party shall bear
the fees and expenses of any additional counsel retained by him or her.

















                                      -44-
<PAGE>



                                    ARTICLE X

                                AMENDMENT OF PLAN
                                -----------------

         10.1 Right To Amend. The Employer, acting by determination of its Board
of Directors, shall have the right to amend the Plan at any time. The Committee
shall have the right to approve amendments that are required to maintain
compliance with applicable laws and regulations and amendments to the
administrative provisions of the Plan that do not affect the level of benefits
or result in substantial additional cost to the Company. All such amendments
shall be in writing. A Participating Employer shall also have the right to amend
its Adoption Agreement. However, no such amendment shall be effective which
would reduce Accrued Benefits or which would adversely affect the qualified
status of the Plan and Fund under Section 401 of the Code or the corresponding
provisions of subsequent revenue laws.

         10.2 Amendment to Vesting Schedule. No Plan amendment shall change any
vesting schedule under the Plan unless each Participant having at least three
Years of Service at the end of the period described in this sentence is
permitted to elect, within a period beginning on the date such amendment is
adopted and ending 60 days after the latest of: (i) the day the amendment is
adopted, (ii) the day the amendment becomes effective, or (iii) the day the
Participant is issued written notice of the amendment, to have his or her
nonforfeitable percentage computed under the Plan without regard to such
amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any modification or amendment of the
Plan may be made retroactively, if necessary or appropriate to qualify or
maintain the Plan as a plan meeting the requirements of the Code and the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as now in effect or hereafter
amended, or any other provisions of law, as now in effect or hereafter amended
or adopted, and any regulation issued thereunder.




























                                      -45-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE XI

                               TERMINATION OF PLAN
                               -------------------

         11.1 Right to Terminate Reserved. The Employer (and each Participating
Employer as to its participation), acting by determination of its Board of
Directors, reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time without regard
to whether benefits are then fully funded. However, no termination shall be
effective which would adversely affect the qualified status of the Plan and Fund
under Code section 401, or under the corresponding provisions of subsequent
revenue laws.

         11.2 Distribution on Termination. In the event the Plan is terminated,
all Participants, or any Participant affected by any partial termination, shall
become 100% vested in his or her Accrued Benefit determined as of the Plan
termination date. In the event of a termination, the assets of the Fund then
held by the Trustee shall be allocated to the extent that they shall be
sufficient, after providing for expenses of administration, in the order set
forth below:

         (a) There shall be set aside an amount which will provide retirement
income for Participants, Spouses, or designated beneficiaries who were receiving
benefits or who were eligible to receive benefits at least three years prior to
termination of the Plan based on Plan provisions in effect five years prior to
the date of termination.

         (b) There shall next be set aside an amount sufficient to discharge all
other benefits insured by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

         (c) There shall next be set aside an amount which will provide all
other vested benefits, as determined under Article V of the Plan on its
termination date which are not insured.

         (d) The balance of the Fund, if any, shall be set aside to provide for
all other accrued benefits provided under the Plan.

         (e) In the case of a Former Harbor Towing Participant, his or her
accrued benefit attributable to the Harbor Towing Retirement Plan shall not be
considered a Plan liability nor shall the paid-up deferred annuity contract
funding such benefit be considered an asset of the Fund for purposes of the
allocation described in this Section 11.2.

         If the assets of the Fund held by the Trustee are not sufficient to
provide in whole the amounts required within the classes described above, such
assets shall be allocated pro rata within the class in which the amounts first
cannot be provided in full. Allocation in any of the above classes will be
adjusted for any allocation made to the same Participant under a prior class.
After all liabilities of the Plan have been satisfied, the Employer shall be
entitled to any balance of the Fund which shall remain.

         11.3 Method and Time of Distribution. The amount so allocated with
respect to each Participant shall be held by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust
Agreement until the Participant separates from service at which time it shall be
distributed in accordance with the Plan (or paid at death in a lump sum as set
forth in a designation to be filed by each Participant). However, the Employer
may direct the liquidation of the Fund and the distribution to each Participant
in the form of a paid-up, non-transferable annuity providing for regular equal
payment of retirement income, or in a lump sum payable to each Participant no
later than his or her Normal Retirement Date or actual termination of employment
whichever is later, the form of payment to be determined in accordance with the
terms of the Plan.

         11.4     Early Termination Restrictions.









                                      -46-
<PAGE>

         (a) In the event of Plan termination, distributions to any Highly
Compensated Employee or any former Highly Compensated Employee shall be limited
to a benefit that is nondiscriminatory under Code section 401(a)(4). If payment
of benefits is restricted in accordance with this Subsection 11.4(a), assets in
excess of the amount required to provide such restricted benefits shall become a
part of the assets available under Section 11.2 for allocation among
Participants and their joint annuitants and beneficiaries whose benefits are not
restricted under this Subsection 11.4(a).

         (b) The restrictions of this Subsection 11.4(b) shall apply prior to
termination of the Plan to any Participant who is a Highly Compensated Employee
or a former Highly Compensated Employee and who is one of the 25 highest paid
Employees or former Employees of the Employer or a Participating Employer for
any Plan Year. The annual payments to any such Participant shall be limited to
an amount equal to:

             (1) the payments that would have been made to the Participant under
a single life annuity that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the sum of the
Participant's Accrued Benefit and any other benefits under the Plan (other than
a social security supplement), plus

             (2) the amount of the payments that the Participant is entitled to
receive under a social security supplement.

         (c) The restrictions in Subsection 11.4(b) shall not apply:

             (1) if, after the payment of benefits to the Participant described
in Subsection 11.4(b), the value of the Plan assets equals or exceeds 110% of
the value of the current Plan liabilities (within the meaning of Code section
412(l)(7)); or

             (2) if the value of the benefit to the Participant described in
Subsection 11.4(b) is less than 1% of the value of current Plan liabilities; or

             (3) if the value of the benefit to the Participant described in
Subsection 11.4(b) does not exceed $3,500 (effective January 1, 1998, $5,000).


























                                      -47-
<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE XII

                     ADOPTION OF PLAN BY AFFILIATED COMPANY
                     --------------------------------------

         12.1 Employer Approval - Form of Adoption. An Affiliated Company may,
with approval of the Board of Directors, adopt the Plan for the benefit of
eligible Employees as set forth herein. Such adoption shall be set forth in an
Adoption Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B and shall be
effective as of the date set forth in the Adoption Agreement.

         12.2 Status as Participating Employer. Upon adoption of the Plan, the
Affiliated Company shall become a Participating Employer and its name shall be
entered in Exhibit A hereto.


























                                      -48-
<PAGE>



                                  ARTICLE XIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

         13.1 No Other Benefits. No benefits other than those specifically
provided for herein shall be payable under the Plan.

         13.2 Plan Not an Employment Contract. This Plan shall not be construed
to be a contract of employment. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to restrict
or limit an Employer's or Participating Employer's right to discharge any
Participant or other Employees at any time.

         13.3 Plan For Exclusive Benefit of Participants. The Plan and the Fund
shall exist for the sole and exclusive benefit of Participants and their
beneficiaries, and no amendments shall be made that would be inconsistent with
such purpose.

         13.4 Benefits Not Assignable. Except with respect to (a) federal income
tax withholding or federal tax levy under Code section 6331, or (b) subject to
the provisions of section 401(a)(13) of the Code, compliance with the provisions
and conditions of a judgment, order, decree or settlement agreement entered into
on or after January 1, 1998, between the Participant and the Secretary of Labor
or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation relating to a violation (or an
alleged violation) of part 4 of subtitle I of ERISA, no amount payable under the
Plan shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge or seizure; and no such amount shall be
in any manner subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts
of any Participant or his or her beneficiary.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall direct the Trustee
to comply with a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. Upon receipt of any
judgment, decree or order (including approval of a property settlement
agreement) relating to the provision of payment by the Plan to an Alternate
Payee pursuant to a state domestic relations law, the Committee shall promptly
notify the affected Participant and any Alternate Payee of the receipt of such
judgment, decree or order and shall notify the affected Participant and any
Alternate Payee of the Committee's procedure for determining whether or not the
judgment, decree or order is a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. The Committee
shall establish a procedure to determine the status of a judgment, decree or
order as a Qualified Domestic Relations Order and to administer Plan
distributions in accordance with Qualified Domestic Relations Orders. Such
procedure shall be in writing, shall include a provision specifying the
notification requirements enumerated above, shall permit an Alternate Payee to
designate a representative for receipt of communications from the Committee and
shall include such other provisions as the Committee shall determine, including
provisions required under applicable regulations. Nothing herein shall prevent
the effective designation of beneficiaries for receipt of survivor's benefits
under elections made pursuant to Section 6.8.

         13.5 Prior Plan Benefits Not Reduced. The actuarial value of benefits
payable thereunder to any person who was a Participant in the Prior Plan shall
not be less than the actuarial value of the benefits accrued for his or her
benefit under the Prior Plan up to December 31, 1980.

         13.6 Required Information Concerning Participants. The Committee may
require eligible Employees to furnish such information as to age, employment,
health and family status as they believe reasonably necessary to administer the
Plan.

         13.7 Incompetence of Participant. If the Committee determines that any
Participant or beneficiary entitled to benefits under the Plan is physically or
mentally incompetent or is a minor, that such person is in the care of another
person or institution and that no guardian, committee or other representative
has been duly appointed, payment may be made to the person or institution caring
for the Participant or beneficiary. The receipt of such person or institution
shall be a complete discharge for the payment of such benefit.







                                      -49-
<PAGE>

         13.8 Merger With Another Plan.

         (a) In the event that this Plan merges or consolidates with or
transfers assets or liabilities to any other Plan after the Effective Date of
this Plan, each Participant shall be entitled to a retirement benefit which is
equal to or greater than the benefit which the Participant would have been
entitled to receive immediately before the merger, consolidation or transfer of
assets or liabilities. For purposes of the comparison described above, benefits
shall be computed as if this Plan had terminated immediately prior to the
merger, consolidation or transfer and as if the surviving or recipient Plan had
terminated immediately after such merger, consolidation or transfer.

         (b) In the event of a spinoff or termination of the Plan within five
years following a merger or consolidation (or series of mergers or
consolidations) in which liabilities (or the sum of liabilities, in the event of
a series of mergers or consolidations) equal to less than 3% of Plan assets, as
of at least one day in the Plan Year in which the merger(s) or consolidation(s)
occurs, are merged or consolidated with the Plan, Plan assets shall first be
allocated for the benefit of participants in the plan(s) merged or consolidated
with this Plan to the extent of the present value of such benefits as of the
date of such merger or consolidation. In the case of a merger or consolidation
designed to occur in more than one Plan Year, the merger or consolidation shall
be deemed to have occurred in the Plan Year in which the first transaction
occurred.

         13.9 Controlling Laws. The rights and obligations of the Employer or
Participating Employer and its Employees under this Plan shall be determined in
accordance with the laws of the State of Florida and, where applicable, of the
United States of America.

         13.10 Titles for Reference Only. The titles are for reference only. In
the event of a conflict between the title and the content of a Section, the
content of the Section shall control.

         13.11 Obligations of Employers. The Employer and the Participating
Employers shall have no liability in respect to payments of benefits under the
Plan and each Participant and beneficiary shall look solely to the funds held by
the Trustee for any payments or benefits under the Plan.

















                                      -50-
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT A

                             PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS
                             -----------------------

                                                           EFFECTIVE DATE
           NAME                                            OF PARTICIPATION
           ----                                            ----------------

           Maritrans General Partners Inc.                 January 1, 2002

           Maritrans Operating Company L.P.                January 1, 2002

           Maritrans Business Services Inc.                January 1, 2002































                                      -51-
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT B

                  ADOPTION AGREEMENT OF PARTICIPATING EMPLOYER
                  --------------------------------------------

                  1. ____________________________________________
______________________, a corporation organized under the laws of ______________
(hereafter called the "Participating Employer"), hereby adopts the provisions of
the Retirement Plan of Maritrans Inc. (hereafter called the "Plan") for the
benefit of its Employees. The Effective Date of the Participating Employer's
Plan shall be: _______________

                  2. The Participating Employer hereby subscribes to the terms
of the Trust Agreement and agrees to make such contributions to the Fund under
the Plan as the Employer or the Committee shall determine.

                  3. The existing members of the Committee established under
Article IX of the Plan, and their successors, are hereby approved as Committee
members for purposes of administering and applying the Plan to the Participating
Employer.

                  4. The Employer is hereby appointed agent of the Participating
Employer for the purposes of: (a) administering the Plan to the extent not done
by the Committee; (b) appointing fiduciaries and other advisors and assistants;
and (c) making all such amendments to the Plan as do not increase benefits to
Participants or impose greater burdens upon any Participating Employer.

                  To record the execution of this Adoption Agreement, the
Participating Employer's officers have affixed its corporate name and seal
hereto this day of , 19 .

                                                By_____________________________

                                                Attest:________________________


                  The foregoing Adoption Agreement is approved this
day of            , 19  .

                                 MARITRANS INC.


                                                By_____________________________


                                                Attest: _______________________






















                                      -52-
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT C

                                MINIMUM BENEFITS
                            FOR SEAGOING SUPERVISORS
                            ------------------------

                  Refer to the benefit levels in effect as of August 14, 1984,
under the Seafarers Pension Plan or the District 2 MEBA-AMD Pension Plan, as the
case may be.




































                                      -53-
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                EXHIBIT D

                              MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION INCIDENTAL BENEFIT TABLES


                                                 TABLE I


Excess of Age of Participant                                                                  Applicable
Over Age of Beneficiary                                                                       Percentage
-----------------------                                                                       ----------
<S>                                                                                           <C>
         10 years of less.........................................................................100%
         11........................................................................................96%
         12........................................................................................93%
         13........................................................................................90%
         14........................................................................................87%
         15........................................................................................84%
         16........................................................................................82%
         17........................................................................................79%
         18........................................................................................77%
         19........................................................................................75%
         20........................................................................................73%
         21........................................................................................72%
         22........................................................................................70%
         23........................................................................................68%
         24........................................................................................67%
         25........................................................................................66%
         26........................................................................................64%
         27........................................................................................63%
         28........................................................................................62%
         29........................................................................................61%
         30........................................................................................60%
         31........................................................................................59%
         32........................................................................................59%
         33........................................................................................58%
         34........................................................................................57%
         35........................................................................................56%
         36........................................................................................56%
         37........................................................................................55%
         38........................................................................................55%
         39........................................................................................54%
         40........................................................................................54%
         41........................................................................................53%
         42........................................................................................53%
         43........................................................................................53%
         44 and greater............................................................................52%







                                                   -54-
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              TABLE II

Age of Participant in
calendar year preceding                                                         Maximum Guaranteed
Required Distribution Date                                                      Payments Remaining
--------------------------                                                      ------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>
         70       ......................................................................      26.2
         71       ......................................................................      25.3
         72       ......................................................................      24.4
         73       ......................................................................      23.5
         74       ......................................................................      22.7
         75       ......................................................................      21.8
         76       ......................................................................      20.9
         77       ......................................................................      20.1
         78       ......................................................................      19.2
         79       ......................................................................      18.4
         80       ......................................................................      17.6
         81       ......................................................................      16.8
         82       ......................................................................      16.0
         83       ......................................................................      15.3
         84       ......................................................................      14.5
         85       ......................................................................      13.8
         86       ......................................................................      13.1
         87       ......................................................................      12.4
         88       ......................................................................      11.8
         89       ......................................................................      11.1
         90       ......................................................................      10.5
         91       ......................................................................      9.9
         92       ......................................................................      9.4
         93       ......................................................................      8.8
         94       ......................................................................      8.3
         95       ......................................................................      7.8
         96       ......................................................................      7.3
         97       ......................................................................      6.9
         98       ......................................................................      6.5
         99       ......................................................................      6.1
         100      ......................................................................      5.7
         101      ......................................................................      5.3
         102      ......................................................................      5.0
         103      ......................................................................      4.7
         104      ......................................................................      4.4
         105      ......................................................................      4.1
         106      ......................................................................      3.8
         107      ......................................................................      3.6
         108      ......................................................................      3.4
         109      ......................................................................      3.2
         110      ......................................................................      2.8
         111      ......................................................................      2.6
         112      ......................................................................      2.4
         113      ......................................................................      2.0
         114      ......................................................................      2.0
         115 and older..................................................................      1.8












                                                -55-
</TABLE>

<PAGE>



                                   APPENDIX A

Special Supplemental Benefit.
----------------------------

         In addition to the Special Enhancement Benefit under Section 6.18 of
the Plan, James Devno (SSN: ###-##-####) shall be entitled to receive a Special
Supplemental Benefit, equal to a monthly pension in the amount of (a) $391.26
payable to Mr. Devno until his death, if paid in the form of a single life
annuity (as described in Section 6.7(c) of the Plan); or (b) $370.70 payable to
Mr. Devno until his death, with a survivor annuity monthly pension in the amount
of $185.35 payable to his surviving Spouse, if paid in the form of a qualified
joint and 50% survivor annuity as described in Section 6.6 of the Plan. Subject
to the notice provisions of Section 6.8 of the Plan, Mr. Devno may elect to
receive the Special Supplemental Benefit in any optional form set forth in, and
in accordance with the provisions of, Section 6.7 of the Plan or in the form of
a single lump sum distribution equal to $58,689.36. The benefit payable under
this Appendix A shall be effective and commence in accordance with the
provisions of Section 6.18.

         Effective January 1, 2000, in addition to the Special Enhancement
Benefit calculated under Section 6.18, Roy Ross (SSN: ###-##-####) shall be
entitled to receive a Special Supplemental Benefit, equal to a monthly pension
in the amount of $361.88, bringing his total monthly Accrued Benefit under the
Plan to $2,783.77. This addition shall be payable to Mr. Ross until his death in
the form selected by Mr. Ross with respect to his Special Enhancement Benefit.






















                                      -56-
<PAGE>



                                   APPENDIX B

                Special Benefits for Certain Employees Terminated
                -------------------------------------------------
           in connection with the October, 1999 Company Reorganization
           -----------------------------------------------------------

1.       Service. With respect to any Participant (a) whose duties are in a
         seagoing capacity; and (b) whose employment with the Company is
         terminated in connection with the sale of vessels to Vane Line
         Bunkering Inc. (effective November/December ___, 1999) or K-Sea
         Transportation LLC, (effective December ___, 1999), for purposes of
         vesting and benefit accrual under the Plan, "Service" under Section
         2.43 of the Plan shall include the period beginning on January 1, 1999
         and ending on December 31, 1999; provided, however, that any such
         Participant must execute a written election and release form provided
         by the Company.

2.       Unreduced Early Retirement Benefit. With respect to the Accrued
         Benefits payable under Article VI of the Plan to Kenneth Parks (SSN:
         ###-##-####) and Mary Hamberg (SSN: ###-##-####), the actuarial
         reduction described in Section 6.2 shall not apply to such monthly
         pension. Such Participant's Accrued Benefit shall be computed as
         provided in Section 6.1 based upon (i) the number of Years of Credited
         Service and (ii) the Participant's Average Basic Monthly Compensation
         determined as of October 4, 1999. Such Participant must elect to begin
         receiving payment of his or her Accrued Benefit effective as of
         November 1, 1999.

         Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the benefit
         payable to a Participant under this paragraph 2 shall be in lieu of any
         other benefit that is currently payable from the Plan for that
         Participant.

3.       Years of Credited Service. Joan D'Ambrosia (SSN: ###-##-####), whose
         employment with the Company was terminated on October 4, 1999, as a
         result of the shoreside staff reduction taking place in connection with
         the relocation of the Company's offices, shall be deemed to have
         completed 30 Years of Credited Service for purposes of determining her
         Accrued Benefit in accordance with Section 6.1 of the Plan.














                                      -57-
<PAGE>



                                   APPENDIX C

  Special Enhancement Benefits Effective January 1, 2000 for Certain Employees
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Whose Participation Was Transferred to the District 2 MEBA-AMO Pension Plan
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Special Benefit Enhancement.
---------------------------

                  With respect to the Accrued Benefits payable under Article VI
of the Plan to Thomas Cox, Jr. (SSN: ###-##-####), Harry Scholer (SSN:
###-##-####) and James Ashley Shifflett (SSN: ###-##-####), such Participant's
Accrued Benefit under the Plan determined under Section 6.1 based on Years of
Credited Service and Years of Participation earned through December 31, 1998
when added to the accrued benefit payable to such a Participant under the
District 2 MEBA-AMO Pension Plan at such Participant's Date of Severance shall
not be less than the amount that would have been payable to such Participant
under the Plan determined as if his Years of Credited Service and Years of
Participation had continued to accrue for Plan purposes until his Date of
Severance. The actuarial reduction described in Section 6.2 shall apply to such
monthly pension, if applicable. Subject to the notice provisions of Section 6.8,
the Participant may elect to receive retirement benefits in any optional form
provided in Section 6.7.

                  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the
benefit payable to a Participant under this Appendix C shall be in lieu of any
other benefit that is currently payable from the Plan for that Participant.






















                                      -58-





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
