<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>proposedfinancing.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROPOSED FINANCING
<TEXT>

                               Proposed Financing

                                       of





                               THERMOGENESIS CORP.







     By reading the information  contained  within this document,  the recipient
     agrees with  ThermoGenesis  Corp.  (the  "Company")  and CDC  Securities to
     maintain in confidence such information, together with any other non-public
     information regarding the Company obtained from the Company, CDC Securities
     or their agents  during the course of the proposed  financing.  The Company
     and CDC  Securities  have caused these  materials to be delivered to you in
     reliance upon such agreement and upon Rules promulgated under Regulation FD
     by the Securities and Exchange Commission.








     THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE  "SECURITIES  ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE
SOLD, OFFERED TO SALE, TRANSFERRED,  PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE ASSIGNED
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO (i) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHICH
IS EFFECTIVE  UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT,  (ii) RULE 144  PROMULGATED  UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OR (iii) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE  SATISFACTORY TO
THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL THAT AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION  REQUIRMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE LAWS IS AVAILABLE.



<PAGE>


                                  CONFIDENTIAL

                         SUMMARY OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

     This  Confidential  Summary of Terms and  Conditions  is not intended to be
contractually   binding,   other  than  the   section   entitled   "Confidential
Information,"  and is subject in all  respects  (other than with respect to such
section) to the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

Issuer:                 ThermoGenesis  Corp.,   a   Delaware  corporation   (the
                        "Company").

Securities Offered:     (i)  Up  to between 5,228,758, assuming $1.53 per share,
                        and 5,382,292, assuming $1.67 per  share and 20% warrant
                        shares exercisable at $2.39 per share (the "Shares")  of
                        common  stock  at $1.67  per Share, par value $0.001 per
                        share, and  warrants  to  subscribe  for the  underlying
                        Shares of common stock (the "Warrants"),  or (ii) shares
                        at $1.53 per share and  no warrants  (jointly   referred
                        to as the "Offering").

                        The Offering, subject to authorization from the Board of
                        Directors, will be completed on a best efforts basis and
                        subject to adjustment by the Company,  but not including
                        the  Shares  which  may be  purchased  by holders of the
                        Company's  Series A Preferred  Stock  pursuant  to their
                        participation rights.

Warrants:               Warrants, if applicable, will represent  a  subscription
                        for  up  to  20%  of  the  Shares.  The Warrants have an
                        exercise  price  of  $2.39  per  Share  and a three-year
                        term.

Use of Proceeds to      For working capital and general corporate purposes.
Company:

Subscription Date and   The  Company   and   each   Investor   shall  execute  a
Closing Date:           Securities Purchase Agreement in substantially  the form
                        set forth herein.  The  date as of which the Company has
                        executed the  final Securities  Purchase Agreements with
                        Investors and has notified the placement  agent for this
                        Offering in writing that  it  is  no  longer   accepting
                        Securities   Purchase   Agreements  from  Investors   is
                        sometimes referred to herein as the "Subscription Date."
                        The closing of the Offering shall occur continuously  as
                        subscriptions   and   proceeds   are    received,    and
                        certificates representing the Shares shall be issued  to
                        the Investors and funds paid  to the Company  therefore.
                        A final  closing  shall occur on March 21, 2003,  unless
                        extended by the Company in its sole discretion to a date
                        no  later  than  March 31,  2003 (the  "Closing  Date").

Investor                Each  Investor  must  be  an  "accredited  investor"  as
Qualifications:         defined in Regulation D of the  Securities  Act of 1933,
                        as amended (the  "Securities  Act"), and must  represent
                        and  warrant  to  the  Company  that it is acquiring the
                        Shares  for  investment  with  no  present  intention of
                        distributing any of the Shares.  The Securities Purchase
                        Agreement contains other appropriate representations and
                        warranties of the Investor to the Company.  The  Company
                        will  use  the  answers  information  provided  by  each
                        Investor  as  part of its own  procedures to confirm the
                        accuracy of the  statements  as to such Investor  in the
                        Registration Statement, including the information in the
                        sections to be entitled "Selling Stockholders" and "Plan
                        of Distribution."   The  Investors   might   be   deemed
                        "underwriters" as that term is defined in the Securities

                                       1
<PAGE>

                        Act. Underwriters have statutory  responsibilities as to
                        the accuracy of any Registration Statement used by them.

Registration of the     The  Company  will  use  its  best  efforts,  subject to
Offering:               receipt of necessary information  from the Investors, to
                        cause a Registration Statement on Form  S-3 relating  to
                        the resale of the  Shares  by the  Investors to be filed
                        with the Securities and  Exchange  Commission  within 30
                        days following the Subscription Date and  to cause  such
                        Registration  Statement  to  become  effective within 90
                        days  after  it  is  filed.  Subject to certain blackout
                        periods, the Company is  obligated to use best  efforts,
                        with respect to each Investor's   Shares   purchased  in
                        the Offering, to maintain the Registration   Statement's
                        effectiveness until the earlier of (i) two  years  after
                        the closing of the Offering,  (ii) the date on which the
                        Investor may sell all  Shares  then held by the Investor
                        without  restriction  by  the volume limitations of Rule
                        144(e) of the Securities Act, or  (iii) such time as all
                        Shares  purchased by such Investor in the Offering  have
                        been  sold   pursuant  to  a   registration   statement.

 Limitations on Sales   To  resell  Shares  and  Shares  underlying the Warrants
 Pursuant to            pursuant to the  Registration  Statement,  the  Investor
 Registration           will be required  to:
 Statement:
                        (a)  Deliver, prior  to  selling  any  Shares, a current
                             prospectus of the Company  to  the  transferee  (or
                             arrange for  delivery  to the transferee's broker).
                             Upon  receipt of a written request  therefore,  the
                             Company has agreed to provide an adequate number of
                             current prospectuses to each Investor and to supply
                             copies  to  any  other   parties   requiring   such
                             prospectuses. In certain circumstances, the Company
                             may suspend the effectiveness of  the  Registration
                             Statement for certain periods of time  during which
                             the  Investors  will  not  be able  to resell their
                             Shares.  In  the  event  of such a suspension,  the
                             Company will notify each Investor  in writing  and,
                             subject  to  certain  conditions,  will  use   best
                             efforts  to  cause  the  use  of the prospectus  so
                             suspended  to  be  resumed  as  soon  as reasonably
                             practicable  within  20  business  days  after such
                             suspension  begins,  and  will  promptly  deliver a
                             revised   prospectus,  if   applicable,  for   each
                             Investor's use.

                        (b)  Deliver  the  stock  certificate  along  with   the
                             Certificate of Subsequent Sale in the form attached
                             to the Securities Purchase Agreement to the Company
                             and its transfer agent so that  the  Shares  may be
                             properly transferred.

Securities              Certificates  evidencing  the  Shares and Warrants which
Certificates:           are delivered to each Investor within three days of each
                        closing, and following the Subscription Date will bear a
                        restrictive  legend  stating  that  such securities have
                        been  sold pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
                        and  that  the  shares  may  not  be  resold  except  as
                        permitted  under   the  Securities  Act  pursuant  to  a
                        Registration Statement that has been declared  effective
                        or an exemption therefrom,  and may be resold subject to
                        certain limitations and procedures   agreed  to  in  the
                        Securities Purchase Agreement.

                                       2
<PAGE>

Indemnification:        By  executing  the  Securities Purchase  Agreement, each
                        Investor will agree to  indemnify  the  Company  against
                        certain  liabilities.

Risk Factors:           The securities  offered  hereby involve a high degree of
                        risk. See the disclosure relating to the risks affecting
                        the Company  set  forth  in the  documents  filed by the
                        Company  with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission
                        under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended.

Nasdaq  SmallCap        KOOL
Market ("Nasdaq")
Symbol:

Confidential            The recipient of this Confidential Summary of Terms  and
Information:            Conditions and the materials attached hereto agrees with
                        the Company and CDC Securities to maintain in confidence
                        this disclosed information, together with any other non-
                        public  information  regarding the Company obtained from
                        the Company  and  CDC Securities, or their agents during
                        the course of the proposed  Offering.  The  Company  and
                        CDC  Securities  have  caused  these  materials  to   be
                        delivered to you in reliance  upon  such  agreement  and
                        upon  Rules  promulgated by the Securities  and Exchange
                        Commission  pursuant to Regulation FD.

Transfer  Agent:        Computershare Trust Company, Inc.,  350  Indiana Street,
                        Suite 800, Golden, CO  80401, tel. (303) 262-0600.

Placement Agent:        The  Company  has  engaged  CDC  Securities  to  act  as
                        placement agent in  connection  with the  Offering.  The
                        placement agent will receive from the Company  a  7% fee
                        based on the gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares.


                                       3
<PAGE>


                         INSTRUCTION SHEET FOR INVESTOR

    (to be read in conjunction with the entire Securities Purchase Agreement)

A.   Complete the following items in the Securities Purchase Agreement:

     1.  Provide  the  information  regarding  the  Investor  requested  on  the
signature page. Please submit a separate  Securities Purchase Agreement for each
individual  fund/entity  that  will hold the  Shares.  The  Securities  Purchase
Agreement must be executed by an individual authorized to bind the Investor.

     2. Return the signed Securities Purchase Agreement to:

                            Bartel Eng & Schroder
                            300 Capitol Mall, Suite 1100
                            Sacramento, CA  95814
                            Attn:  David C. Adams, Esq.
                            Phone:  (916) 442-0400
                            Fax:  (916) 442-3442

     An executed original Securities Purchase Agreement or a fax thereof must be
     received by 2:00 p.m.  Pacific Daylight Time on a date to be determined and
     distributed to the Investor.

B.   Instructions regarding the transfer of funds for the purchase of Shares and
     Warrants will be faxed to the Investor by the Company at a later date.

C.   To resell the Shares and Warrants after the Registration Statement covering
     the Offering is effective:

     1.  Provided that a Suspension of the  Registration  Statement  pursuant to
Section  6.2(c)  of the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement  is not then in  effect
pursuant to the terms of the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  the Investor may
sell  Shares  or  Warrants  under the  Registration  Statement,  subject  to the
notification  provisions in the Securities Purchase Agreement,  provided that it
arranges for delivery of a current Prospectus to the transferee. Upon receipt of
a request  therefore,  the Company  has agreed to provide an adequate  number of
current  Prospectuses to each investor and to supply copies to any other parties
requiring such Prospectuses.

     2. The Investor must also deliver to the Company's  transfer agent,  with a
copy to the Company,  a Certificate  of Subsequent  Sale in the form attached as
Exhibit A to the Securities Purchase Agreement,  so that the Shares and Warrants
may be properly transferred.




<PAGE>


                                                                 Alternative (i)
                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

ThermoGenesis Corp.
3146 Gold Camp Drive
Rancho Cordova, CA  95670

Ladies & Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned,  ______________________________(the  "Investor"),  hereby
confirms its agreement with you as follows:

1. This Securities  Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") is made as of March __,
2003 between  ThermoGenesis Corp., a Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),  and
the Investor.

2. The Company has  authorized the sale and issuance of up to ______ shares (the
"Shares")  of common  stock of the  Company,  $0.001  par  value per share  (the
"Common  Stock) to certain  investors in a private  placement (not including the
Shares  which may be purchased  by holders of the  Company's  Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to their rights of participation) (the "Offering").

3. The Company and the Investor  agree that the Investor  will purchase from the
Company and the Company will issue and sell to the Investor ________ Shares, for
a  purchase  price  of $1.53  per  share,  for an  aggregate  purchase  price of
$____________,  pursuant to the Terms and  Conditions for Purchase of Shares and
Warrants  attached hereto as Annex I and incorporated  herein by reference as if
fully set forth herein (the "Terms and Conditions").  Unless otherwise requested
by the Investor,  certificates representing the Shares purchased by the Investor
will be registered in the Investor's name and address as set forth below.

4. The Investor  represents  that,  except as set forth below, (a) it has had no
position, office or other material relationship within the past three years with
the Company or persons known to it to be affiliates of the Company,  (b) neither
it,  nor  any  group  of  which  it is a  member  or  to  which  it is  related,
beneficially owns (including the right to acquire or vote) any securities of the
Company and (c) it has no direct or indirect affiliation or association with any
NASD member as of the date hereof. Exceptions:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          (If no exceptions, write "none." If left blank, response will
                            be deemed to be "none.")

     Please  confirm  that the  foregoing  correctly  sets  forth the  agreement
between us by signing in the space provided below for that purpose. By executing
this  Agreement,  you  acknowledge  that the Company may use the  information in
paragraph 4 above and the name and address  information  below in preparation of
the Registration Statement (as defined in Annex 1).

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:                 Investor:
-------------------                           ----------------------------------
THERMOGENESIS CORP.
                                     By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
-----------------------------
By:                                  Print Name:
                                                --------------------------------
Title:
                                           -------------------------------------

                                     Address:
                                             -----------------------------------

                                             -----------------------------------

                                     Tax ID No.:
                                                --------------------------------

                                     Contact name:
                                                  ------------------------------

                                     Telephone:
                                               ---------------------------------



<PAGE>


                                                                Alternative (ii)
                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

ThermoGenesis Corp.
3146 Gold Camp Drive
Rancho Cordova, CA  95670

Ladies & Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned,  ______________________________(the  "Investor"),  hereby
confirms its agreement with you as follows:

1. This Securities  Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") is made as of March __,
2003 between  ThermoGenesis Corp., a Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),  and
the Investor.

2. The Company has authorized the sale and issuance of up to between  5,228,758,
assuming  $1.53  per  share,  and  5,382,292,  assuming  $1.67 per share and 20%
warrant shares  exercisable at $2.39 per share (the "Shares") of common stock of
the Company, $0.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock") and, if applicable,
warrants  to  subscribe  for  the   underlying   Shares  of  common  stock  (the
"Warrants"),  to certain  investors in a private  placement  (not  including the
Shares  which may be purchased  by holders of the  Company's  Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to their rights of participation) (the "Offering").

3. The Company and the Investor  agree that the Investor  will purchase from the
Company and the Company  will issue and sell to the Investor  _________  Shares,
for a purchase  price of $1.67 per share,  and Warrants to  subscribe  for up to
___________  shares of common stock (the "Warrants"),  for an aggregate purchase
price of $_______________,  pursuant to the Terms and Conditions for Purchase of
Shares  and  Warrants  attached  hereto  as Annex I and  incorporated  herein by
reference  as if fully set forth  herein  (the "Terms and  Conditions").  Unless
otherwise  requested by the Investor,  certificates  representing the Shares and
Warrants purchased by the Investor will be registered in the Investor's name and
address as set forth below.

4. The Investor  represents  that,  except as set forth below, (a) it has had no
position, office or other material relationship within the past three years with
the Company or persons known to it to be affiliates of the Company,  (b) neither
it,  nor  any  group  of  which  it is a  member  or  to  which  it is  related,
beneficially owns (including the right to acquire or vote) any securities of the
Company and (c) it has no direct or indirect affiliation or association with any
NASD      member      as     of      the      date      hereof.      Exceptions:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (If no exceptions, write "none." If left blank, response will
                            be deemed to be "none.")

     Please  confirm  that the  foregoing  correctly  sets  forth the  agreement
between us by signing in the space provided below for that purpose. By executing
this  Agreement,  you  acknowledge  that the Company may use the  information in
paragraph 4 above and the name and address  information  below in preparation of
the Registration Statement (as defined in Annex 1).

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:           Investor:
-------------------                     ----------------------------------------
THERMOGENESIS CORP.
                               By:
                                  ----------------------------------------------

By:                            Print Name:
                                          --------------------------------------
Title:
                               Title:
                                     -------------------------------------------

                               Address:
                                       -----------------------------------------

                                       -----------------------------------------

                               Tax ID No.:
                                          --------------------------------------

                               Contact name:
                                            ------------------------------------

                               Telephone:
                                         ---------------------------------------



<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX I

    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PURCHASE OF SHARES (AND WARRANTS IF APPLICABLE)


     1.  Authorization  and  Sale of the  Shares.  Subject  to these  Terms  and
Conditions,  the Company  has  authorized  the sale of up to between  5,228,758,
assuming  $1.53  per  share,  and  5,382,292,  assuming  $1.67 per share and 20%
warrant shares  exercisable at $2.39 per Share and Warrants to subscribe for the
Shares. The Company reserves the right to increase or decrease this number.

     2.  Agreement  to  Sell  and Purchase the Shares and Warrants; Subscription
Date.

          2.1 At each  Closing (as defined in Section 3), the Company  will sell
to the Investor, and the Investor will purchase from the Company, upon the terms
and conditions  hereinafter set forth,  the number of Shares,  and Warrants,  if
applicable, set forth in Section 3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement to which
these Terms and Conditions are attached at the purchase price set forth thereon.

          2.2 The  Company may enter into the same form of  Securities  Purchase
Agreement,  including these Terms and  Conditions,  with certain other investors
(the "Other  Investors") and expects to complete sales of Shares,  and Warrants,
if applicable,  to them.  (The Investor and the Other  Investors are hereinafter
sometimes  collectively  referred  to as the  "Investors,"  and  the  Securities
Purchase  Agreement  to which these Terms and  Conditions  are  attached and the
Securities  Purchase  Agreements   (including  attached  Terms  and  Conditions)
executed by the Other Investors are hereinafter sometimes  collectively referred
to as the  "Agreements.")  The  Company  may  accept  executed  Agreements  from
Investors  for the  purchase of Shares (and  Warrants)  commencing  March 1, and
concluding upon the date (the "Subscription  Date") on which the Company has (i)
executed the final  Agreements  with Investors and (ii) notified CDC Securities,
in its capacity as placement agent for this  transaction,  in writing that it is
no longer  accepting  additional  Agreements  from Investors for the purchase of
Shares and  Warrants.  The Company may not enter into any  Agreements  after the
Subscription Date, except with respect to participation  rights held by Series A
Preferred Stock Holders.

     3.  Delivery of the Shares and Warrants at Closing.  The  completion of the
purchase and sale of the Shares and Warrants (the "Closing")  shall occur at the
offices  of the  Company's  counsel  upon  receipt  of  cleared  funds and fully
executed  documents for the purchase of the Shares and Warrants on each date set
by the Company,  provided  that a final  closing shall occur no later than March
21, 2003, which may be extended by the Company to a date no later than March 31,
2003 ("the "Final Closing Date").  Within three (3) days after each Closing, the
Company  shall   deliver  to  the  Investor  one  or  more  stock   certificates
representing  the number of Shares  (and  Warrants if  applicable)  set forth in
Section 3 of the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  each such  certificate to be
registered in the name of the Investor.

     The  Company's  obligation  to issue the  Shares to the  Investor  shall be
subject to the following  conditions,  any one or more of which may be waived by
the Company: (a) receipt by the Company of a certified or official bank check or
wire  transfer of funds in the full amount of the purchase  price for the Shares
and  Warrants  being  purchased  hereunder  as set  forth  in  Section  3 of the
Securities Purchase  Agreement;  and (b) the accuracy of the representations and
warranties  made by the Investors and the  fulfillment of those  undertakings of
the Investors to be fulfilled prior to the Closing.

     The  Investor's  obligation  to purchase the Shares shall be subject to the
following  conditions,  any one or more of which may be waived by the  Investor:
(a) the  representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein shall be
true and correct as of the Closing  Date in all  material  respects  and (b) the
Investor shall have received such  documents as such Investor  shall  reasonably
have  requested,  including,  a standard  opinion  of Company  Counsel as to the
matters  set forth in  Section  4.2 and as to  exemption  from the  registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),
of the sale of the Shares and Warrants.

     In the event any holders of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock ("Series
A Holders") elect to exercise their right to participate in this financing,  the
Company  will hold an  additional  closing  within  thirty  (30) days  after the
initiation of this offering (an  "Additional  Closing "), without  obtaining the
signature,  consent or permission of any of the  Investors,  to sell  additional
Shares to such Series A Holders.  The Shares shall be sold  pursuant to the same
form as this  Agreement.  Any  Series  A  Holder  purchasing  Share  under  this

                                      A-1
<PAGE>

Agreement  shall by deemed a "Investor"  under this Agreement to the same extent
as if they had been an Investor at the Closing.


     4.  Representations,  Warranties and Covenants of the Company.  The Company
hereby represents and warrants to, and covenants with, the Investor, as follows:

          4.1  Organization.  The Company is duly organized and validly existing
in good standing under the laws of the  jurisdiction  of its  organization.  The
Company has full power and authority to own,  operate and occupy its  properties
and to conduct its  business as  presently  conducted  and as  described  in the
documents  filed by the Company  under the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended  (the  "Exchange  Act"),  since the end of its most  recently  completed
fiscal year through the date hereof,  including,  without  limitation,  its most
recent report on Form 10-K (the "Exchange Act  Documents")  and is registered or
qualified to do business and in good standing in each  jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business  conducted by it or the location of the properties  owned
or leased by it  requires  such  qualification  and where the  failure  to be so
qualified would have a material adverse effect upon the condition  (financial or
otherwise),  earnings, business or business prospects,  properties or operations
of the Company,  considered as one enterprise (a "Material Adverse Effect"), and
no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction,  revoking,  limiting
or curtailing,  or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail, such power and authority
or qualification.

          4.2  Due  Authorization  and  Valid  Issuance.  The  Company  has  all
requisite  power and authority to execute,  deliver and perform its  obligations
under the  Agreements,  and the Agreements have been duly authorized and validly
executed and delivered by the Company and  constitute  legal,  valid and binding
agreements of the Company  enforceable  against the Company in  accordance  with
their terms,  except as rights to indemnity and  contribution  may be limited by
state or federal  securities  laws or the public  policy  underlying  such laws,
except as enforceability  may be limited by applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' and contracting
parties' rights generally and except as enforceability may be subject to general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding  in equity or at law).  The Shares (and the Shares  underlying  the
Warrants,  to the extent  applicable) being purchased by the Investor  hereunder
will, upon issuance and payment therefore  pursuant to the terms hereof, be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable.

          4.3  Non-Contravention.  The execution and delivery of the Agreements,
the  issuance  and sale of the Shares and  Warrants  under the  Agreements,  the
fulfillment  of  the  terms  of  the  Agreements  and  the  consummation  of the
transactions  contemplated  thereby will not (A) conflict  with or  constitute a
violation of, or default (with the passage of time or otherwise)  under, (i) any
material  bond,  debenture,  note or  other  evidence  of  indebtedness,  lease,
contract,  indenture,  mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, joint venture or
other  agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party
or by which it or any of its  Subsidiaries  or their  respective  properties are
bound,  (ii) the  charter,  by-laws  or other  organizational  documents  of the
Company  or  any  Subsidiary,  or  (iii)  any  law,  administrative  regulation,
ordinance or order of any court or  governmental  agency,  arbitration  panel or
authority  applicable  to the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  or their  respective
properties,  except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) for any such conflicts,
violations  or  defaults  which are not  reasonably  likely  to have a  Material
Adverse  Effect  or (B)  result  in the  creation  or  imposition  of any  lien,
encumbrance,  claim, security interest or restriction whatsoever upon any of the
material   properties  or  assets  of  the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary  or  an
acceleration of indebtedness pursuant to any obligation,  agreement or condition
contained  in any  material  bond,  debenture,  note or any  other  evidence  of
indebtedness  or any material  indenture,  mortgage,  deed of trust or any other
agreement or instrument to which the Company or any  Subsidiary is a party or by
which any of them is bound or to which any of the material property or assets of
the Company or any Subsidiary is subject. No consent, approval, authorization or
other order of, or  registration,  qualification  or filing with, any regulatory
body,  administrative agency, or other governmental body in the United States or
any other person is required for the  execution  and delivery of the  Agreements
and the valid  issuance and sale of the Shares and Warrants to be sold  pursuant
to the Agreements, other than such as have been made or obtained, and except for
any post-closing  securities filings or notifications  required to be made under
federal or state securities laws.

          4.4  Capitalization.  As of  December  31,  2002,  the Company has not
issued any  capital  stock since that date other than  pursuant to (i)  employee
benefit  plans  disclosed  in the Exchange Act  Documents,  or (ii)  outstanding
warrants,  options or other securities  disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents,
except  as  listed on  Schedule  4.4.  The  Shares  to be sold  pursuant  to the
Agreements have been duly authorized, and when issued and paid for in accordance
with the terms of the Agreements will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.  The outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been

                                      A-2
<PAGE>

duly and validly issued and are fully paid and  nonassessable,  have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and were not issued in
violation  of any  preemptive  rights  or  similar  rights to  subscribe  for or
purchase securities.  Except as set forth in or contemplated by the Exchange Act
Documents, there are no other outstanding rights (including, without limitation,
preemptive rights),  warrants or options to acquire, or instruments  convertible
into or  exchangeable  for, any unissued shares of capital stock or other equity
interest  in  the  Company  or any  Subsidiary,  or  any  contract,  commitment,
agreement,  understanding  or  arrangement of any kind to which the Company is a
party or of which the Company has knowledge and relating to the issuance or sale
of any  capital  stock of the  Company,  any such  convertible  or  exchangeable
securities  or any such  rights,  warrants  or  options.  Without  limiting  the
foregoing,  except as set forth in Exchange Act Documents,  no preemptive right,
co-sale right,  right of first  refusal,  registration  right,  or other similar
right  exists with  respect to the Shares and  Warrants or the issuance and sale
thereof,   except  Series  A  participation   rights.  No  further  approval  or
authorization  of any  stockholder,  the Board of  Directors  of the  Company or
others is required  for the  issuance  and sale of the Shares  (and  Warrants if
applicable).  The  Company  owns  the  entire  equity  interest  in  each of its
Subsidiaries,   free  and  clear  of  any  pledge,   lien,   security  interest,
encumbrance,  claim  or  equitable  interest,  other  than as  described  in the
Exchange Act Documents. Except as disclosed in the Exchange Act Documents, there
are no stockholders  agreements,  voting agreements or other similar  agreements
with  respect  to the  Common  Stock to which the  Company is a party or, to the
knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company's stockholders.

          4.5 Legal  Proceedings.  There is no  material  legal or  governmental
proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,  threatened to which the
Company is or may be a party or of which the business or property of the Company
or any  Subsidiary  is  subject  that  is not  disclosed  in  the  Exchange  Act
Documents.

          4.6 No  Violations.  The Company is not in  violation  of its charter,
bylaws,  or  other  organizational   document,  or  in  violation  of  any  law,
administrative  regulation,  ordinance  or  order of any  court or  governmental
agency,  arbitration  panel  or  authority  applicable  to  the  Company,  which
violation,  individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have
a Material  Adverse  Effect,  or is in default  (and there  exists no  condition
which, with the passage of time or otherwise, would constitute a default) in any
material  respect in the performance of any bond,  debenture,  note or any other
evidence of indebtedness in any indenture,  mortgage, deed of trust or any other
material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the
Company is bound or by which the  properties  of the  Company  are bound,  which
would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          4.7 Governmental Permits, Etc. With the exception of the matters which
are dealt with  separately in Section 4.1,  4.12,  4.13,  and 4.14,  each of the
Company  has  all  necessary  franchises,   licenses,   certificates  and  other
authorizations  from  any  foreign,   federal,  state  or  local  government  or
governmental  agency,  department,  or body that are currently necessary for the
operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted and as described
in the Exchange  Act  Documents  except  where the failure to currently  possess
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          4.8  Intellectual  Property.  Except as  specifically  disclosed under
"Risk  Factors" in the Exchange Act  Documents (i) the Company owns or possesses
sufficient  rights  to use all  material  patents,  patent  rights,  trademarks,
copyrights,  licenses,  inventions,  trade  secrets,  trade  names and  know-how
(collectively, "Intellectual Property") described or referred to in the Exchange
Act  Documents as owned or possessed by it or that are necessary for the conduct
of its business as now  conducted or as proposed to be conducted as described in
the Exchange Act Documents  except where the failure to currently own or possess
would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company is not infringing, or
has  not  received  any  notice  of,  or has  any  knowledge  of,  any  asserted
infringement  by the Company of, any rights of a third party with respect to any
Intellectual  Property  that,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  would have a
Material Adverse Effect and (iii) the Company has not received any notice of, or
has  any  knowledge  of,  infringement  by a third  party  with  respect  to any
Intellectual  Property  rights  of  the  Company  that,  individually  or in the
aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

          4.9 Financial Statements.  The financial statements of the Company and
the related notes  contained in the Exchange Act Documents  present  fairly,  in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the financial position
of the Company as of the dates indicated,  and the results of its operations and
cash  flows for the  periods  therein  specified  consistent  with the books and
records of the Company except that the unaudited  interim  financial  statements
were or are subject to normal and recurring  year-end  adjustments which are not
expected to be material in amount.  Such  financial  statements  (including  the
related  notes)  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles  applied on a  consistent  basis  throughout  the periods
therein  specified,  except as may be  included  in the notes to such  financial
statements,  or in the case of unaudited statements,  as may be permitted by the
SEC on Form 10-Q under the  Exchange Act and except as disclosed in the Exchange
Act Documents.  The other  financial  information  contained in the Exchange Act
Documents has been prepared on a basis consistent with the financial  statements
of the Company.

                                      A-3
<PAGE>

          4.10 No Material  Adverse Change.  Except as disclosed in the Exchange
Act  Documents,  since  December 31,  2002,  there has not been (i) any material
adverse change in the financial  condition or earnings of the Company considered
as one enterprise,  (ii) any material adverse event affecting the Company, (iii)
any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material to the Company considered
as one enterprise,  incurred by the Company,  except obligations incurred in the
ordinary  course of  business,  (iv) any  dividend or  distribution  of any kind
declared,  paid or made on the capital stock of the Company,  or (v) any loss or
damage  (whether or not insured) to the physical  property of the Company  which
has been sustained which has a Material Adverse Effect.

          4.11 NASDAQ  Compliance.  The  Company's  Common  Stock is  registered
pursuant to Section  12(g) of the Exchange Act and is listed on The Nasdaq Stock
Market,  Inc. Small Cap Market (the "Nasdaq Market"),  and the Company has taken
no  action  designed  to,  or  likely to have the  effect  of,  terminating  the
registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or de-listing the Common
Stock from the Nasdaq Market, nor has the Company received any notification that
the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") or the National  Association
of  Securities  Dealers,   Inc.  ("NASD")  is  contemplating   terminating  such
registration or listing.

          4.12  Reporting  Status.  The Company has filed in a timely manner all
documents  that the Company was  required to file under the  Exchange Act during
the 12 months  preceding the date of this  Agreement.  The  following  documents
complied  in all  material  respects  with the  SEC's  requirements  as of their
respective  filing dates, and the information  contained  therein as of the date
thereof did not contain an untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements therein in light of the circumstances  under which they were made not
misleading:

               (a) Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2002, Form 10-Q for the
               quarters  ended  September 30, 2002 and December 31, 2002,  Proxy
               Statement for the meeting held on January 30, 2003, and

               (b) All other  documents,  if any,  filed by the Company with the
               SEC since June 20, 2002 pursuant to the reporting requirements of
               the Exchange Act.

          4.13 Listing.  The Company shall comply with all  requirements  of the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. with respect to the issuance of
the Shares and the listing thereof on the Nasdaq Market.

          4.14 No Manipulation of Stock. The Company has not taken and will not,
in violation  of  applicable  law,  take,  any action  designed to or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in  stabilization  or  manipulation of
the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares and
Warrants.

          4.15 Company not an "Investment Company". The Company has been advised
of the rules and  requirements  under the  Investment  Company  Act of 1940,  as
amended (the  "Investment  Company  Act").  The Company is not, and  immediately
after receipt of payment for the Shares and Warrants will not be, an "investment
company" or an entity "controlled" by an "investment company" within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act and shall conduct its business in a manner so that
it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act.

     5.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Investor.

          5.1 The Investor  represents and warrants to, and covenants  with, the
Company  that:  (i) the  Investor  is an  "accredited  investor"  as  defined in
Regulation D under the  Securities  Act and the Investor is also  knowledgeable,
sophisticated and experienced in making, and is qualified to make decisions with
respect to  investments  in shares  presenting an investment  decision like that
involved in the purchase of the Shares (and Warrants if  applicable),  including
investments  in securities  issued by the Company and  investments in comparable
companies, and has requested,  received, reviewed and considered all information
it deemed  relevant  in making an informed  decision to purchase  the Shares and
Warrants;  (ii) the Investor is acquiring  the number of Shares and Warrants set
forth in Section 3 of the Securities  Purchase  Agreement in the ordinary course
of its business and for its own account for investment  only and with no present
intention of distributing  any of such Shares and Warrants or any arrangement or
understanding  with any other persons  regarding the distribution of such Shares
and Warrants; (iii) the Investor will not, directly or indirectly,  offer, sell,
pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of (or solicit any offers to buy, purchase
or otherwise  acquire or take a pledge of) any of the Shares and Warrants except
in compliance with the Securities Act,  applicable state securities laws and the
respective  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  thereunder;  (iv)  all  of the
representations  made by the Investor  are true,  correct and complete as of the
date hereof and will be true,  correct and complete as of the Closing Date;  (v)
the Investor  will notify the Company  immediately  of any change in any of such
information  until  such time as the  Investor  has sold all of its  Shares  and
Warrants  or until the Company is no longer  required  to keep the  Registration
Statement effective;  and (vi) the Investor has, in connection with its decision

                                      A-4
<PAGE>

to  purchase  the  number of Shares and  Warrants  set forth in Section 3 of the
Securities Purchase  Agreement,  relied only upon the Exchange Act Documents and
the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein. The Investor
understands  that  its  acquisition  of the  Shares  and  Warrants  has not been
registered  under the Securities Act or registered or qualified  under any state
securities law in reliance on specific  exemptions  therefrom,  which exemptions
may depend  upon,  among other  things,  the bona fide nature of the  Investor's
investment intent as expressed herein.  There are no suits,  pending litigation,
or claims against the undersigned that could materially  affect the net worth of
the Investor.

          5.2 The Investor acknowledges that it has been provided with a copy of
the Exchange Act  Documents and has  carefully  reviewed the same.  The Investor
further  acknowledges  that the Company has made available to it the opportunity
to ask  questions  of and  receive  answers  from  the  Company's  officers  and
directors concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the business
and  financial  condition of the  Company,  and the Investor has received to its
satisfaction, such information about the business and financial condition of the
Company and the terms and conditions of the Agreement as it has  requested.  The
Investor has carefully  considered  the potential  risks relating to the Company
and a purchase of the Securities,  and fully understands that the Securities are
speculative  investments,  which  involve  a high  degree of risk of loss of the
Investor's  entire  investment.  Among  others,  the  undersigned  has carefully
considered each of the risks  identified under the caption "Risk Factors" in the
Exchange Act Documents.

          5.3 The Investor  acknowledges,  represents  and agrees that no action
has been or will be taken in any  jurisdiction  outside the United States by the
Company that would permit an offering of the Shares and Warrants,  or possession
or distribution of offering materials in connection with the issue of the Shares
and Warrants,  in any jurisdiction  outside the United States where legal action
by the Company for that purpose is required.  Each  Investor  outside the United
States will comply with all  applicable  laws and  regulations  in each  foreign
jurisdiction  in which  it  purchases,  offers,  sells or  delivers  Shares  and
Warrants or has in its possession or distributes any offering  material,  in all
cases at its own expense.

          5.4 The  Investor  hereby  covenants  with the Company not to make any
sale of the Shares and Warrants  without  complying  with the provisions of this
Agreement and without  causing the  prospectus  delivery  requirement  under the
Securities  Act  to  be  satisfied,  and  the  Investor  acknowledges  that  the
certificates  evidencing the Shares and Warrants will be imprinted with a legend
that  prohibits  their  transfer  except in accordance  therewith.  The Investor
acknowledges  that there may  occasionally be times when the Company  determines
that  it  must  suspend  the  use  of  the  Prospectus  forming  a  part  of the
Registration Statement, as set forth in Section 6.2(c). The undersigned is aware
that, in such event,  the Securities  will not be subject to ready  liquidation,
and that any  Securities  purchased  by the  undersigned  would  have to be held
during such suspension.  The overall  commitment of the Investor to investments,
which are not readily marketable, is not excessive in view of the Investor's net
worth and financial  circumstances,  and any purchase of the Securities will not
cause such  commitment  to become  excessive.  The  Investor is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Securities.

          5.5 The Investor  further  represents  and warrants to, and  covenants
with,  the Company that (i) the Investor has full right,  power,  authority  and
capacity  to enter  into  this  Agreement  and to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  and has  taken  all  necessary  action  to  authorize  the
execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement,  and (ii) this Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Investor  enforceable  against
the  Investor in  accordance  with its terms,  except as  enforceability  may be
limited by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium or
similar laws affecting  creditors' and contracting parties' rights generally and
except  as  enforceability  may be  subject  to  general  principles  of  equity
(regardless  of whether such  enforceability  is  considered  in a proceeding in
equity or at law) and except as the indemnification  agreements of the Investors
herein may be legally unenforceable.

          5.6 Investor  will not use any of the  restricted  Shares and Warrants
acquired  pursuant to this  Agreement to cover any short  position in the Common
Stock of the Company if doing so would be in violation of applicable  securities
laws.

          5.7  The  Investor  understands  that  nothing  in  the  Exchange  Act
Documents,  this Agreement or any other  materials  presented to the Investor in
connection  with the purchase  and sale of the Shares and  Warrants  constitutes
legal, tax or investment  advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and
investment  advisors,  as it, in its sole  discretion,  has deemed  necessary or
appropriate in connection with its purchase of Shares and Warrants.

                                      A-5
<PAGE>

     6. Registration of the Shares and Warrants;  Compliance with the Securities
Act.

          6.1  Registration  Procedures  and Other  Matters.  The Company shall:

               (a)  subject  to  receipt  of  necessary   information  from  the
Investors after prompt request from the Company to the Investors to provide such
information,  prepare  and file with the SEC,  within 30 days after the  Closing
Date, a  registration  statement on Form S-3 (the  "Registration  Statement") to
enable the resale of the Shares and Warrants by the Investors  from time to time
through   the   automated   quotation   system  of  the  Nasdaq   Market  or  in
privately-negotiated transactions;

               (b) use  its  best  efforts,  subject  to  receipt  of  necessary
information  from the  Investors  after  prompt  request from the Company to the
Investors to provide such  information,  to cause the Registration  Statement to
become effective within 90 days after the Registration Statement is filed by the
Company  such  efforts  to  include,  without  limiting  the  generality  of the
foregoing, preparing and filing with the SEC in such 30-day period any financial
statements  that are  required  to be filed prior to the  effectiveness  of such
Registration Statement;

               (c) use its best  efforts to  prepare  and file with the SEC such
amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus used
in connection  therewith as may be necessary to keep the Registration  Statement
current,  effective and free from any material misstatement or omission to state
a material  fact for a period not  exceeding,  with  respect to each  Investor's
Shares  and  Warrants  purchased  hereunder,  the  earlier  of  (i)  the  second
anniversary  of the Closing  Date,  (ii) the date on which the Investor may sell
all Shares and Warrants  then held by the Investor  without  restriction  by the
volume  limitations of Rule 144(e) of the Securities  Act, or (iii) such time as
all Shares and Warrants  purchased by such  Investor in this  Offering have been
sold pursuant to a registration statement or exemption from registration;

               (d)  furnish  to the  Investor  with  respect  to the  Shares and
Warrants  registered under the  Registration  Statement such number of copies of
the  Registration  Statement,   Prospectuses  and  Preliminary  Prospectuses  in
conformity with the  requirements of the Securities Act and such other documents
as the Investor may reasonably  request,  in order to facilitate the public sale
or other  disposition  of all or any of the Shares and Warrants by the Investor;
provided,  however,  that the  obligation  of the  Company to deliver  copies of
Prospectuses or Preliminary Prospectuses to the Investor shall be subject to the
receipt by the  Company of  reasonable  assurances  from the  Investor  that the
Investor will comply with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and of
such other  securities or blue sky laws as may be applicable in connection  with
any use of such Prospectuses or Preliminary Prospectuses;

               (e) file  documents  required  of the Company for normal blue sky
clearance  in states  specified  in  writing  by the  Investor  and use its best
efforts to maintain such blue sky  qualifications  during the period the Company
is required to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement pursuant
to Section 6.1(c); provided,  however, that the Company shall not be required to
qualify to do business or consent to service of process in any  jurisdiction  in
which it is not now so qualified or has not so consented;

               (f) bear all  expenses  in  connection  with  the  procedures  in
paragraph (a) through (e) of this Section 6.1 and the registration of the Shares
and Warrants pursuant to the Registration Statement; and

               (g) advise the Investor,  promptly  after it shall receive notice
or obtain  knowledge  of the  issuance of any stop order by the SEC  delaying or
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration  Statement or of the initiation
or threat of any proceeding for that purpose;  and it will promptly use its best
efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal at
the earliest possible moment if such stop order should be issued.

     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Registration Statement
shall  cover only the Shares and  Warrants.  In no event at any time  before the

                                      A-6
<PAGE>

Registration Statement becomes effective with respect to the Shares and Warrants
shall the Company publicly  announce or file any other  registration  statement,
other than  registrations  on Form S-8,  without the prior written  consent of a
majority in interest of the Investors.

     The Company  understands that the Investor  disclaims being an underwriter,
but the Investor  being deemed an  underwriter  by the SEC shall not relieve the
Company of any  obligations  it has  hereunder;  provided,  however  that if the
Company  receives  notification  from the SEC that the  Investor  is  deemed  an
underwriter,  then the  period by which the  Company is  obligated  to submit an
acceleration request to the SEC shall be extended to the earlier of (i) the 90th
day after such SEC  notification,  or (ii) 120 days after the initial  filing of
the Registration Statement with the SEC.

          6.2 Transfer of Shares and Warrants  after  Registration;  Suspension.

                    (a)  The  Investor  agrees  that  it  will  not  effect  any
disposition  of the Shares and  Warrants or its right to purchase the Shares and
Warrants that would  constitute a sale within the meaning of the  Securities Act
except as contemplated in the Registration  Statement referred to in Section 6.1
and as  described  below  or as  otherwise  permitted  by law,  and that it will
promptly  notify the Company of any changes in the  information set forth in the
Registration Statement regarding the Investor or its plan of distribution.

                    (b) Except in the event that  paragraph  (c) below  applies,
the Company shall (i) if deemed necessary by the Company,  prepare and file from
time to  time  with  the  SEC a  post-effective  amendment  to the  Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or a supplement or amendment
to any document  incorporated  therein by  reference or file any other  required
document  so that  such  Registration  Statement  will  not  contain  an  untrue
statement  of a material  fact or omit to state a material  fact  required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements  therein not misleading,  and
so that, as thereafter  delivered to purchasers of the Shares and Warrants being
sold  thereunder,  such  Prospectus  will not contain an untrue  statement  of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated  therein or
necessary to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under
which they were made, not  misleading;  (ii) provide the Investor  copies of any
documents  filed pursuant to Section  6.2(b)(i);  and (iii) inform each Investor
that the Company has complied  with its  obligations  in Section  6.2(b)(i)  (or
that, if the Company has filed a  post-effective  amendment to the  Registration
Statement which has not yet been declared effective, the Company will notify the
Investor to that effect,  will use its best efforts to secure the  effectiveness
of such  post-effective  amendment  as promptly as  possible  and will  promptly
notify the Investor  pursuant to Section 6.2(b)(i) hereof when the amendment has
become effective).

                    (c) Subject to paragraph (d) below,  in the event (i) of any
request by the SEC or any other federal or state  governmental  authority during
the period of  effectiveness  of the  Registration  Statement for  amendments or
supplements to a Registration  Statement or related Prospectus or for additional
information;  (ii) of the  issuance  by the SEC or any  other  federal  or state
governmental  authority  of any stop order  suspending  the  effectiveness  of a
Registration  Statement or the initiation of any  proceedings  for that purpose;
(iii) of the  receipt by the  Company of any  notification  with  respect to the
suspension of the  qualification  or exemption from  qualification of any of the
Shares  and  Warrants  for  sale  in  any  jurisdiction  or  the  initiation  or
threatening  of any  proceeding  for  such  purpose;  or  (iv) of any  event  or
circumstance  which, upon the advice of its counsel,  necessitates the making of
any  changes  in the  Registration  Statement  or  Prospectus,  or any  document
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference,  so that, in the
case of the Registration  Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of
a material  fact or any omission to state a material  fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,  and that in
the case of the  Prospectus,  it will not  contain  any  untrue  statement  of a
material  fact or any  omission to state a material  fact  required to be stated
therein  or  necessary  to make  the  statements  therein,  in the  light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; then the Company shall
deliver a certificate  in writing to the Investor (the  "Suspension  Notice") to
the effect of the foregoing  and, upon receipt of such  Suspension  Notice,  the
Investor  will  refrain  from  selling any Shares and  Warrants  pursuant to the
Registration  Statement (a "Suspension")  until the Investor's receipt of copies
of a supplemented or amended  Prospectus  prepared and filed by the Company,  or
until it is advised in writing by the Company that the current Prospectus may be
used, and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in any such Prospectus.  In the
event of any Suspension,  the Company will use its best efforts to cause the use
of the  Prospectus so suspended to be resumed as soon as reasonably  practicable
within  20  business  days  after the  delivery  of a  Suspension  Notice to the
Investor.  In addition to and without  limiting any other  remedies  (including,
without limitation, at law or at equity) available to the Investor, the Investor
shall be entitled to specific performance in the event that the Company fails to
comply with the provisions of this Section 6.2(c).

                                      A-7
<PAGE>

                    (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraphs of this Section
6.2, the Investor shall not be prohibited  from selling Shares or Warrant shares
under the  Registration  Statement as a result of  Suspensions  on more than two
occasions of not more than 30 days each in any twelve month period,  unless,  in
the good faith  judgment of the Company's  Board of Directors,  upon the written
opinion of counsel of counsel,  the sale of Shares or Warrant  shares  under the
Registration  Statement in reliance on this paragraph 6.2(d) would be reasonably
likely to cause a violation of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and result
in liability to the Company.

                    (e) Provided  that a Suspension  is not then in effect,  the
Investor  may sell Shares or Warrant  shares under the  Registration  Statement,
provided that it arranges for delivery of a current Prospectus to the transferee
of such Shares and Warrants.  Upon receipt of a request  therefore,  the Company
has agreed to provide an adequate number of current Prospectuses to the Investor
and to supply copies to any other parties requiring such Prospectuses.

                    (f) In the event of a sale of  Shares  and  Warrants  by the
Investor pursuant to the Registration Statement,  the Investor must also deliver
to the Company's  transfer agent,  with a copy to the Company,  a Certificate of
Subsequent Sale  substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, so that
the Shares and Warrants may be properly transferred.

          6.3   Indemnification.   For  the   purpose  of  this   Section   6.3:

          (i) the term "Selling  Stockholder" shall include the Investor and any
affiliate of such Investor;

          (ii) the term "Registration Statement" shall include the Prospectus in
the form first filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the  Securities Act
or filed as part of the  Registration  Statement at the time of effectiveness if
no Rule 424(b) filing is required,  exhibit, supplement or amendment included in
or relating to the Registration Statement referred to in Section 6.1; and

          (iii) the term "untrue  statement"  shall include any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement, or any omission or alleged omission to state in the
Registration  Statement  a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or
necessary  to make the  statements  therein,  in the light of the  circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

                    (a) The Company  agrees to indemnify  and hold harmless each
Selling Stockholder from and against any losses,  claims, damages or liabilities
to which such Selling  Stockholder  may become subject (under the Securities Act
or otherwise) insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions
or  proceedings  in  respect  thereof)  arise out of, or are based  upon (i) any
breach of the  representations  or warranties of the Company contained herein or
failure to comply with the  covenants and  agreements  of the Company  contained
herein,  (ii)  any  untrue  statement  of  a  material  fact  contained  in  the
Registration  Statement as amended at the time of  effectiveness or any omission
of a  material  fact  required  to be stated  therein or  necessary  to make the
statements  therein  not  misleading,  or (iii) any  failure  by the  Company to
fulfill any undertaking included in the Registration Statement as amended at the
time of effectiveness,  and the Company will reimburse such Selling  Stockholder
for any reasonable legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
defending  or  preparing  to defend any such  action,  proceeding  or claim,  or
preparing to defend any such action,  proceeding  or claim,  provided,  however,
that the  Company  shall not be liable in any such case to the extent  that such
loss,  claim,  damage or  liability  arises out of, or is based upon,  an untrue
statement made in such Registration Statement or any omission of a material fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the  statements  therein not
misleading in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by or on behalf of such Selling Stockholder  specifically for use
in  preparation  of the  Registration  Statement  or the failure of such Selling
Stockholder to comply with its covenants and agreements contained in Section 6.2
hereof  respecting  sale of the Shares and Warrants or any statement or omission
in any  Prospectus  that is  corrected  in any  subsequent  Prospectus  that was
delivered to the Selling Stockholder prior to the pertinent sale or sales by the
Selling  Stockholder.  The Company shall reimburse each Selling  Stockholder for
the amounts provided for herein on demand as such expenses are incurred.

                    (b) The Investor  agrees to indemnify  and hold harmless the
Company (and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of
Section 15 of the  Securities  Act,  each  officer of the  Company who signs the
Registration  Statement  and each  director of the Company) from and against any
losses,  claims,  damages  or  liabilities  to which  the  Company  (or any such
officer,   director  or  controlling  person)  may  become  subject  (under  the
Securities  Act or  otherwise),  insofar  as such  losses,  claims,  damages  or
liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect  thereof) arise out of, or are
based  upon,  (i) any  failure  to  comply  with the  covenants  and  agreements
contained in Section 6.2 hereof  respecting sale of the Shares and Warrants,  or
(ii) any untrue  statement  of a material  fact  contained  in the  Registration
Statement or any omission of a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading if such untrue statement
or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information

                                      A-8
<PAGE>

furnished by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for use in preparation of
the Registration Statement, and the Investor will reimburse the Company (or such
officer,  director or controlling  person), as the case may be, for any legal or
other expenses reasonably  incurred in investigating,  defending or preparing to
defend  any such  action,  proceeding  or claim;  provided  that the  Investor's
obligation to indemnify the Company shall be limited to the net amount  received
by the Investor from the sale of the Shares and Warrants.

                    (c) Promptly  after receipt by any  indemnified  person of a
notice of a claim or the  beginning of any action in respect of which  indemnity
is to be sought  against an  indemnifying  person  pursuant to this Section 6.3,
such indemnified person shall notify the indemnifying  person in writing of such
claim or of the  commencement of such action,  but the omission to so notify the
indemnifying  person will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to
any  indemnified  person  under this Section 6.3 (except to the extent that such
omission  materially and adversely affects the indemnifying  person's ability to
defend such action) or from any liability otherwise than under this Section 6.3.
Subject to the provisions  hereinafter  stated, in case any such action shall be
brought against an indemnified person, the indemnifying person shall be entitled
to participate therein, and, to the extent that it shall elect by written notice
delivered to the  indemnified  person  promptly  after  receiving  the aforesaid
notice  from such  indemnified  person,  shall be entitled to assume the defense
thereof, with counsel reasonably  satisfactory to such indemnified person. After
notice from the indemnifying  person to such indemnified  person of its election
to assume the defense thereof,  such indemnifying  person shall not be liable to
such  indemnified  person for any legal expenses  subsequently  incurred by such
indemnified  person in connection with the defense thereof,  provided,  however,
that if there  exists or shall exist a conflict  of interest  that would make it
inappropriate, in the opinion of counsel to the indemnified person, for the same
counsel to represent both the indemnified person and such indemnifying person or
any affiliate or associate thereof,  the indemnified person shall be entitled to
retain its own counsel at the  expense of such  indemnifying  person;  provided,
however,  that no  indemnifying  person  shall be  responsible  for the fees and
expenses of more than one separate  counsel  (together  with  appropriate  local
counsel) for all indemnified  parties. In no event shall any indemnifying person
be liable in respect of any amounts paid in  settlement of any action unless the
indemnifying  person shall have approved the terms of such settlement;  provided
that such consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  No  indemnifying  person
shall,  without the prior written consent of the indemnified person,  effect any
settlement  of any  pending  or  threatened  proceeding  in respect of which any
indemnified person is or could have been a party and indemnification  could have
been  sought  hereunder  by such  indemnified  person,  unless  such  settlement
includes an unconditional  release of such indemnified person from all liability
on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding.

                    (d) If the indemnification  provided for in this Section 6.3
is unavailable to or insufficient  to hold harmless an indemnified  person under
subsection  (a) or (b)  above in  respect  of any  losses,  claims,  damages  or
liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof)  referred to therein,
then each indemnifying  person shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by
such  indemnified  person  as a  result  of  such  losses,  claims,  damages  or
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative  fault of the Company on the one hand and the  Investor,
as well as any other Selling  Stockholders under such registration  statement on
the other in connection  with the statements or omissions or other matters which
resulted in such losses,  claims,  damages or liabilities (or actions in respect
thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable  considerations.  The relative
fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, in the case of an
untrue statement,  whether the untrue statement relates to information  supplied
by the Company on the one hand or an Investor or other  Selling  Stockholder  on
the other and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity  to correct or prevent  such untrue  statement.  The Company and the
Investor agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution  pursuant
to this  subsection  (d) were  determined  by pro rata  allocation  (even if the
Investor  and other  Selling  Stockholders  were  treated as one entity for such
purpose) or by any other method of  allocation  which does not take into account
the  equitable  considerations  referred to above in this  subsection  (d).  The
amount  paid or  payable  by an  indemnified  person as a result of the  losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to above
in this  subsection  (d) shall be deemed to include any legal or other  expenses
reasonably  incurred by such indemnified person in connection with investigating
or defending any such action or claim.  Notwithstanding  the  provisions of this
subsection  (d), the Investor  shall not be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the net amount  received by the Investor  from the
sale of the Shares and Warrants to which such loss relates exceeds the amount of
any damages which such Investor has otherwise  been required to pay by reason of
such untrue statement. No person guilty of fraudulent  misrepresentation (within
the  meaning of  Section  10(f) of the  Securities  Act)  shall be  entitled  to
contribution   from  any  person   who  was  not   guilty  of  such   fraudulent
misrepresentation.  The Investor's  obligations in this subsection to contribute
shall be in proportion to its Investor sale of Shares and Warrants to which such
loss relates and shall not be joint with any other Investors.

                                      A-9
<PAGE>

                    (e) The parties to this Agreement  hereby  acknowledge  that
they are  sophisticated  business persons who were represented by counsel during
the negotiations regarding the provisions hereof including,  without limitation,
the  provisions  of this  Section  6.3, and are fully  informed  regarding  said
provisions.  They further  acknowledge  that the  provisions of this Section 6.3
fairly  allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate
the Company and its business in order to assure that adequate disclosure is made
in the  Registration  Statement as required by the Act and the Exchange Act. The
parties are advised that federal or state public  policy as  interpreted  by the
courts in certain  jurisdictions may be contrary to certain of the provisions of
this Section 6.3, and the parties hereto hereby  expressly  waive and relinquish
any right or ability to assert such public  policy as a defense to a claim under
this Section 6.3 and further agree not to attempt to assert any such defense.

          6.4  Termination  of  Conditions  and   Obligations.   The  conditions
precedent imposed by Section 4 or this Section 5 upon the transferability of the
Shares and Warrants shall cease and terminate as to any particular number of the
Shares and Warrants  when such Shares and Warrants  shall have been  effectively
registered  under  the  Securities  Act and  sold or  otherwise  disposed  of in
accordance with the intended method of disposition set forth in the Registration
Statement  covering  such  Shares and  Warrants or at such time as an opinion of
counsel  reasonably  satisfactory to the Company shall have been rendered to the
effect  that such  conditions  are not  necessary  in order to  comply  with the
Securities Act.

          6.5 Information Available.

                    (a) A copy of the Company  Annual  Report on Form 10-K (iii)
its  Quarterly  Reports  on Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports  on Form 8-K and Proxy
Statements are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov; and

                    (b) Upon the request of the Investor,  the Company will mail
a copy of the filings  listing in Section  6.5(a) with exhibits with the SEC and
all other  information  that is made available to  stockholders to the Investor;
and

                    (c) Upon the reasonable request of the Investor, the company
will mail the  Investor,  an adequate  number of copies of the  Prospectuses  to
supply to any other party requiring such Prospectuses.

     7.  Notices.  All  notices,  requests,  consents  and other  communications
hereunder  shall be in writing,  shall be mailed (A) if within the United States
by  first-class  registered  or  certified  airmail,  or  nationally  recognized
overnight express courier, postage prepaid, or by facsimile, or (B) if delivered
from outside the United States,  by International  Federal Express or facsimile,
and  shall be  deemed  given  (i) if  delivered  by  first-class  registered  or
certified  mail,  three  business  days after so mailed,  (ii) if  delivered  by
nationally recognized overnight carrier, one business day after so mailed, (iii)
if delivered  by  International  Federal  Express,  two  business  days after so
mailed, (iv) if delivered by facsimile,  upon electronic confirmation of receipt
and shall be delivered as addressed as follows:

                  (a)   if to the Company, to:

                        ThermoGenesis Corp.
                        3146 Gold Camp Drive
                        Rancho Cordova, CA  95670
                        Attn:  Renee Ruecker, CFO
                        Tel:  (916) 858-5100

                   (b)  with a copy to:

                        Bartel Eng & Schroder
                        300 Capitol Mall, Suite 1100
                        Sacramento, CA  95814
                        Attn:  David C. Adams, Esq.
                        Tel:  (916) 442-0400

                   (c)  if to the Investor, at its address on the signature page
                        hereto, or  at  such  other  address or addresses as may
                        have been furnished to the Company in writing.

                                      A-10
<PAGE>

     8. Changes.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended except  pursuant
to an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Investor.

     9.  Headings.  The headings of the various  sections of this Agreement have
been inserted for convenience of  reference  only  and shall not be deemed to be
part of this Agreement.

    10.  Severability.  In case any provision contained in this Agreement should
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,  legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby.

    11.  Governing Law.  This  Agreement  shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance  with,  the internal  laws of the State of Delaware,  without  giving
effect to the principles of conflicts of law.

    12.  Counterparts.    This  Agreement   may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when
taken together, shall constitute but one instrument,  and shall become effective
when  one or more  counterparts  have  been  signed  by each  party  hereto  and
delivered to the other parties.

    13.  Rule 144.  The Company  covenants  that it will timely file the reports
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the
rules and  regulations  adopted by the SEC thereunder (or, if the Company is not
required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of any Investor holding
Shares and Warrants purchased  hereunder made after the first anniversary of the
Closing Date,  make publicly  available such  information as necessary to permit
sales  pursuant  to Rule 144 under the  Securities  Act),  and it will take such
further  action as any such Investor may reasonably  request,  all to the extent
required  from time to time to enable such  Investor to sell Shares and Warrants
purchased  hereunder  without  registration  under the Securities Act within the
limitation of the exemptions  provided by (a) Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
as such  Rule may be  amended  from  time to time,  or (b) any  similar  rule or
regulation  hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon the request of the Investor,  the
Company  will  deliver to such holder a written  statement  as to whether it has
complied with such information and requirements.

    14. Confidential Information.   The Investor represents to the Company that,
at all times  during the  Company's  offering  of the Shares and  Warrants,  the
Investor has maintained in confidence all non-public  information  regarding the
Company  received by the Investor from the Company or its agents,  and covenants
that it will continue to maintain in confidence  such  information and shall not
use such  information for any purpose other than to evaluate the purchase of the
Shares and  Warrants  until such  information  (a)  becomes  generally  publicly
available  other than through a violation  of this  provision by the Investor or
its agents or (b) is required to be disclosed in legal  proceedings  (such as by
deposition,  interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigation
demand,  filing with any governmental  authority or similar process),  provided,
however,  that  before  making  any  use  or  disclosure  in  reliance  on  this
subparagraph  (b) the Investor shall give the Company at least fifteen (15) days
prior written notice (or such shorter period as required by law)  specifying the
circumstances  giving rise  thereto and will  furnish  only that  portion of the
non-public  information  which is legally  required  and will  exercise its best
efforts  to  obtain  reliable  assurance  that  confidential  treatment  will be
accorded any non-public information so furnished.

                                      A-11
<PAGE>





                                                                       Exhibit A

                         CERTIFICATE OF SUBSEQUENT SALE

Attn: Legal Department
Computershare Trust Company, Inc.
Post Office Box 1596
Denver, Colorado 80201-1596

               RE:  Sale of Shares and Warrants to subscribe for Share of Common
                    Stock  of  ThermoGenesis  (the  "Company")  pursuant  to the
                    Company's   Prospectus   dated   _____________,   ____  (the
                    "Prospectus")

Dear Sir/Madam:

     The undersigned hereby certifies,  in connection with the sale of shares of
Common Stock of the Company included in the table of Selling Stockholders in the
Prospectus,  that the undersigned has sold the shares pursuant to the Prospectus
and in a manner  described  under  the  caption  "Plan of  Distribution"  in the
Prospectus  and that such sale complies with all securities  laws  applicable to
the  undersigned,   including,   without  limitation,  the  Prospectus  delivery
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling Stockholder (the beneficial owner):
                                           -------------------------------------

Record Holder (e.g., if held in name of nominee):
                                                  ------------------------------

Restricted Stock Certificate No.(s):
                                     -------------------------------------------

Number of Shares Sold:
                       ---------------------------------------------------------

Date of Sale:
              ------------------------------------------------------------------

     In the event  that you  receive a stock  certificate(s)  representing  more
shares of Common Stock than have been sold by the  undersigned,  then you should
return to the  undersigned a newly issued  certificate for such excess shares in
the name of the Record Holder and BEARING A  RESTRICTIVE  LEGEND.  Further,  you
should place a stop transfer on your records with regard to such certificate.

                                         Very truly yours,

Dated:                                   By:
       -----------------------              ------------------------------------

                                         Print Name:
                                                    ----------------------------

                                         Title:
                                               ---------------------------------


cc:  Renee Ruecker, CFO, ThermoGenesis Corp.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
