<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>neshiewatam.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
                               CIRTRAN CORPORATION
                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


CirTran Corporation
4125 South 6000 West
West Valley City, Utah 84128

Gentlemen:

     The  undersigned  subscriber or subscribers  (the  "Purchaser")  desires to
purchase shares of Common Stock of CirTran  Corporation,  a Nevada  corporation,
formerly  known as Circuit  Technology,  Inc. (the  "Company"),  pursuant to the
terms and conditions of this Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement").

     1.  Subscription.  Purchaser  hereby  irrevocably  subscribes for 7,500,000
shares (the  "Shares")  of the  restricted  Common Stock of the Company upon the
terms and conditions of this Subscription Agreement,  and at a purchase price of
$.05 per Share,  in the form of the  consideration  stated on the signature page
hereof. Purchaser agrees that this subscription shall be irrevocable.

     2. Acceptance of  Subscription.  The Company shall have the right to accept
or reject this subscription in its sole discretion.  This Subscription Agreement
shall be deemed null and void and of no further force or effect in the event the
Release is not executed and delivered by all parties thereto.

     3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby
represents and warrants to and covenants with the Company as follows:

          (a) Purchaser is an  "accredited  investor" as such term is defined in
     Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated  under the  Securities Act of 1933,
     as amended (the "Securities Act");

          (b)  Purchaser  has examined the  Company's  Forms 10-Q,  10-K and 8-K
     filed with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") (the "SEC
     Documents"),  has relied solely upon the SEC  Documents and  investigations
     made by or on behalf of Purchaser or its  representative  in evaluating the
     suitability  of an  investment  in the  Company,  and  recognizes  that  an
     investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk;

          (c)  Purchaser has been advised that (i) there may not be a market for
     the  Shares;  and (ii) it may not be  possible  to  readily  liquidate  the
     Shares. Purchaser understands that it may not offer for sale, sell, pledge,
     hypothecate or otherwise  transfer or dispose of its interest in the Shares
     unless the  Shares  are  registered  under the  Securities  Act of 1933 and
     applicable  state  securities  laws or the  transfer  is  exempt  from such
     registration;

          (d)  Purchaser's  overall  commitment  to  investments  which  are not
     readily marketable is not disproportionate to its net worth; its investment
     in the Company will not cause such overall  commitment to become excessive;
     and it can afford to bear the loss of its entire investment in the Company;

          (e)  Purchaser  has adequate  means of providing for its current needs
     and personal  contingencies and has no need for liquidity in his investment
     in the Company;

          (f) Purchaser  satisfies any special  suitability or other  applicable
     requirements  of its  state of  residence  and/or  the  state in which  the
     transaction by which the Shares are exchanged occurs;

          (g)  Purchaser  has such  knowledge  and  experience  in financial and
     business  matters that it is capable of evaluating  the merits and risks of
     an investment in the Company,  or Purchaser has employed the services of an
     independent  investment advisor,  attorney or accountant to read all of the
     documents  furnished or made available by the Company to it and to evaluate
     the merits and risks of such an investment on Purchaser's behalf;

          (h)  Purchaser  acknowledges  that the Company has made  available  to
     Acquirer the  opportunity  to ask questions  of, and receive  answers from,

                                       1
<PAGE>

     representatives  of the Company  concerning the  acquisition of the Shares,
     the Company and the activities of the Company,  and otherwise to obtain any
     additional  information,  to the extent  that the  Company  possesses  such
     information  or could  acquire it without  unreasonable  effort or expense,
     necessary  to verify the accuracy of the  information  contained in the SEC
     Documents.  Purchaser  understands  that the  Company  has been  ready  and
     willing to answer any questions of Acquirer, but Purchaser does not require
     any additional information concerning the foregoing;

          (i) Purchaser hereby acknowledges that Purchaser has been advised that
     the Shares have not been registered with the SEC. Purchaser represents that
     the Shares are being acquired for Purchaser's  own account,  for investment
     purposes only and not with a view towards distribution or resale to others.
     Purchaser agrees that Purchaser will not attempt to sell, transfer, assign,
     pledge or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of the Shares unless they
     are registered under the Securities Act or unless in the opinion of counsel
     satisfactory  to  the  Company  an  exemption  from  such  registration  is
     available.  Purchaser  understands that the Shares have not been registered
     under  the  Securities  Act by  reason  of a  claimed  exemption  under the
     provisions of the Securities Act which depends,  in part, upon  Purchaser's
     investment intention;

          (j)  Purchaser   understands  that  no  federal  or  state  securities
     administrator or agency has made any finding or  determination  relating to
     the  fairness of this  investment  and that no federal or state  securities
     administrator  or agency has recommended or endorsed,  or will recommend or
     endorse, the offering of the Shares;

          (k) The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by  Purchaser  of the
     Subscription  Agreement are within the powers of Purchaser,  have been duly
     authorized  and will not constitute or result in a breach or default under,
     or conflict  with,  any order,  ruling or  regulation of any court or other
     tribunal or of any governmental  commission or agency,  or any agreement or
     other  undertaking,  to which Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser is
     bound;  and,  if  Purchaser  is not an  individual,  will not  violate  any
     provision  of  the  charter   documents,   by-laws,   indenture  of  trust,
     partnership  agreement or similar documents,  as applicable,  of Purchaser.
     The  signatures  on  the  Subscription   Agreement  are  genuine;  and  the
     signatory, if Purchaser is an individual, has legal competence and capacity
     to execute the same, or, if Purchaser is not an  individual,  the signatory
     has  been  duly  authorized  to  execute  the  same;  and the  Subscription
     Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser,
     enforceable in accordance with its terms;

          (l) Purchaser  acknowledges  that no general  solicitation  or general
     advertising (including communications published in any newspaper,  magazine
     or  other   broadcast)  has  been  received  by  him  and  that  no  public
     solicitation  or  advertisement  with respect to the offering of the Shares
     has been made to him;

          (m)  Purchaser  has relied  solely  upon the advice of his own tax and
     legal  advisors  with  respect to the tax and other  legal  aspects of this
     investment;

          (n) Purchaser  acknowledges  that the Shares have not been recommended
     by any Federal or state securities commission or regulatory  authority.  In
     making an investment  decision investors must rely on their own examination
     of the  Company  and the terms of the  offering,  including  the merits and
     risks involved.  Furthermore,  the foregoing authorities have not confirmed
     the   accuracy  or   determined   the  adequacy  of  this   document.   Any
     representation  to the  contrary is a criminal  offense.  These  Shares are
     subject  to  restrictions  on  transferability  and  resale  and may not be
     transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act, and the
     applicable  state  securities  laws,  pursuant to registration or exemption
     therefrom. Investors should be aware that they will be required to bear the
     financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time;

     The foregoing  representations  and  warranties are true and accurate as of
the date  hereof,  shall be true and accurate as of the date of delivery of this
Subscription  Agreement  and  accompanying  documents  to the  Company and shall
survive the delivery of the Shares.  If, in any respect,  those  representations
and  warranties  shall not be true and accurate prior to acceptance or rejection
of this  subscription  by the Company  pursuant to paragraph 2, the  undersigned
shall   immediately  give  written  notice  to  the  Company   specifying  which
representations  and  warranties  are not  true  and  accurate  and  the  reason
therefor. Purchaser agrees that the foregoing representations and warranties may
be used as a defense in any actions relating to the Company, and that it is only
on the basis of such  representations  and  warranties  that the  Company may be
willing to accept Purchaser=s subscription for Shares.


                                       2
<PAGE>


     4. Indemnification.  Purchaser acknowledges that he understands the meaning
and legal  consequences  of the  representations,  warranties  and  covenants in
paragraph 3 hereof and that the  Company  has relied upon such  representations,
warranties  and  covenants,  and he hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and any of its officers, directors,  controlling persons, agents and
employees,  who is or may be a  party  or is or may be  threatened  to be made a
party to any  threatened,  pending  or  completed  action,  suit or  proceeding,
whether  civil,  criminal,  administrative  or  investigative,  by  reason of or
arising from any actual or alleged misrepresentation or misstatement of facts or
omission  to  represent  or state facts made or alleged to have been made by the
undersigned to the Company (or any agent or representative  of the Company),  or
omitted or  alleged to have been  omitted  by the  undersigned,  concerning  the
undersigned or the  undersigned's  authority to invest or financial  position in
connection with the issuance of the Shares, against losses, damages, liabilities
or expenses for which the Company or any officer, director or controlling person
of the Company has not otherwise been  reimbursed  (including  attorney's  fees,
judgments,  fines  and  amounts  paid in  settlement)  actually  and  reasonably
incurred  by the Company or such  officer,  director  or  controlling  person in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, no representation, warranty, covenant, acknowledgment or agreement made
herein by Purchaser  shall in any manner be deemed to constitute a waiver of any
rights  granted  to  Purchaser  under  Federal  or state  securities  laws.  All
representations,   warranties  and  covenants  contained  in  this  Subscription
Agreement and the  indemnification  contained in this  paragraph 4 shall survive
the acceptance of this subscription.

     5.  Restrictions  on Transfer.  Purchaser  understands  and agrees that the
Shares  acquired  pursuant to this  subscription  are being offered  pursuant to
Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  thereunder  and that such  Shares and any
interests therein, may not be offered, sold,  transferred,  pledged or otherwise
disposed of except pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act and any  applicable  state  securities  laws or (ii) an exemption
from registration  under such act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel
for the  holder  of such  Shares,  which  counsel  and  opinion  are  reasonably
satisfactory  to  counsel  for  the  Company,   is  available.   Purchaser  also
understands   and  agrees  that  the  following   legend  shall  appear  on  all
certificates  representing such Shares and that the Company may give appropriate
instructions to the transfer agent for the Shares to enforce such restrictions:


                  THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
                  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR APPLICABLE
                  STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN ACQUIRED
                  WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTION OR RESALE, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,
                  MORTGAGED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
                  WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SHARES
                  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE
                  SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE
                  COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES
                  ACT OF 1933 OR UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

     6.  Modification.  Neither this  Subscription  Agreement  nor any provision
hereof shall be waived, modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an
instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, modification,
change, discharge or termination is sought.

     7.  Notices.  All  notices,  requests,  consents  and other  communications
hereunder  shall be in  writing  and shall be deemed to have been duly made when
delivered, or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested:

          (a) If to Purchaser, to the address set forth on the signature page of
     this Subscription Agreement; or


                                       3

<PAGE>

          (b) If to the  Company,  to the address set forth on the first page of
     this Subscription  Agreement,  or at such other address as Purchaser or the
     Company may hereafter have advised the other.

     8. Binding Effect.  Except as otherwise provided herein,  this Subscription
Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties  hereto
and their heirs, executors,  administrators,  successors,  legal representatives
and  assigns.  If  Purchaser  is more than one person,  the  obligation  of such
Acquirer  shall  be  joint  and  several  and the  agreements,  representations,
warranties, covenants and acknowledgments herein contained shall be deemed to be
made  by and be  binding  upon  each  such  person  and  his  heirs,  executors,
administrators, successors, legal representatives and assigns.

     9.  Entire  Agreement.  This  Subscription  Agreement  contains  the entire
agreement  of the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein and there
are no  representations,  covenants  or other  agreements  except  as  stated or
referred to herein or as are embodied in the Agreement.

     10.  Assignability.  This  Subscription  Agreement is not  transferable  or
assignable by the undersigned or any successor thereto.

     11.  Applicable Law. This  Subscription  Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to
the principles thereof relating to conflicts of law.


                                       4
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of
the 11th day of December, 2002.

If Purchaser is an INDIVIDUAL, or if acquired as JOINT TENANTS, as TENANTS IN
COMMON, or as COMMUNITY PROPERTY by more than one individual:


                                                      /s/ Basem Nesheiwat
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     (Signature of Acquirer)

                                                      Basem Nesheiwat
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     (Name Typed or Printed)


----------------------------                         ---------------------------
Mailing Address                                      Residence Address
(if not residence)

----------------------------                         ---------------------------
City, State and Zip Code                             City, State and Zip Code

----------------------------
Social Security Number
of Acquirer



Consideration Paid for Shares:

Cancellation of $375,000 in Company debt.


                                                     Accepted as of the
                                                                        --------


                                                     day of               , 2002
                                                            --------------

                                                     CIRTRAN CORPORATION



                                                     By:
                                                        ------------------------

                                                     Title:
                                                           ---------------------




                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
