<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>appa8kex992.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>
<Page>
                                                Exhibit 99.2

Company logo


News Release
------------

          A.P. PHARMA SELLS NON-CORE BUSINESS FOR
          ---------------------------------------
                     CASH AND ROYALTIES
                     ------------------

REDWOOD CITY, Calif. (February 14, 2003) - A.P. Pharma, Inc.
(NASDAQ NM: APPA) today reported it has sold its Analytical
Standards division to GFS Chemicals, Inc., a private company
based in Columbus, Ohio.  The Analytical Standards business
unit was no longer considered to be part of the strategic
focus of the company.  Terms of the sale included a cash
payment of $2.1 million and a royalty on sales varying from
15% to 5% through 2007, with guaranteed minimum annual
royalty payments.

The Analytical Standards division of A.P. Pharma utilizes
the Company's original microsphere technology as a testing
standard for gauging the purity of municipal drinking water.
This microsphere technology was the precursor to the
Microsponge(R) system.  A.P. Pharma currently licenses
Microsponge(R) formulations to Dermik (an Aventis company)
for its Carac(TM) product line and to Ortho Neutrogena (a
Johnson & Johnson company) for its Retin-A Micro(R) product
line, in return for royalties.  Royalties earned by A.P.
Pharma in 2002 from the sale of these products exceeded $4
million, a growth of 21% over the previous year.

President and CEO of A.P. Pharma Michael O'Connell said,
"The Analytical Standards product line generated revenues of
approximately $1 million per year and was unrelated to the
Company's focus on its proprietary, bioerodible drug
delivery Biochronomer(TM) systems.  Our current cash
position is now approximately $16 million and together with
our expected royalty income will support our core
development efforts for which the current annual cash burn
rate is approximately $4 to $6 million."

About A.P. Pharma
-----------------

A.P. Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on
the development of ethical (prescription) pharmaceuticals
utilizing its proprietary polymer-based drug delivery
systems.  The Company's primary focus is the development and
commercialization of its bioerodible injectable and
implantable systems under the trade name Biochronomer.
Initial targeted areas of application for the Company's drug
delivery technology include pain management, inflammation,
oncology and ophthalmology applications.  The Company's
product development programs are funded by royalties from
topical products currently marketed by pharmaceutical
partners and by proceeds from the divestiture of its
cosmeceutical product lines as well as fees it receives from
collaborative partners.  For further information visit the
Company's Web site at www.appharma.com.

Forward-looking Statements
--------------------------

Except for historical information, this news release
contains certain forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties, including among others, uncertainty
associated with timely development, approval, launch and
acceptance of new products, establishment of new corporate
alliances and progress in research and development programs.
Other risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's
business and prospects are identified in the Company's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The
Company does not undertake to revise these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring in
the future.

Investor Relations Contacts:                 Company Contact:
Lippert/Heilshorn & Associates                Gordon Sangster
Ina McGuinness (imcguinness@lhai.com) Chief Financial Officer
Bruce Voss (bvoss@lhai.com)                    (650) 366-2626
(310) 691-7100

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
