<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>e1015.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.15
<TEXT>
                             EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                    BETWEEN

                          DENTSPLY INTERNATIONAL INC.

                                      AND

                             CHRISTOPHER T. CLARK


THIS AGREEMENT is entered into as of November 1, 2002, by and between
DENTSPLY  International  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company")  and
Christopher T. Clark, ("Employee").

WHEREAS,  it is in the best  interest  of the  Company  and  Employee  that the
terms and conditions of Employee's services be formally set forth:

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants and agreements of
the parties hereto, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1.    Services

1.1   The Company shall employ  Employee and Employee  accepts such  employment
           and  agrees  to serve as a Senior  Vice  President  of the  Company,
           responsible for the business  activities and operations  assigned by
           the Chief  Executive  Officer  and/or the Board of  Directors as set
           forth in Exhibit A attached hereto,  effective as of the date stated
           below,  and,  if elected  thereto,  as an officer or director of any
           Affiliate,  for the term and on the  conditions  herein  set  forth.
           Employee  shall  be  responsible   for  the  activities  and  duties
           presently  associated  with this  position.  Employee  shall perform
           such other  services  as shall from time to time be  assigned to him
           by the Board of  Directors,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  or the
           President  of the Company  depending on the needs and demands of the
           business and the  availability  of other  personnel,  provided  that
           such  services  shall  generally be similar in level of position and
           responsibility  as those  set  forth in this  Agreement.  Employee's
           services  shall  be  performed  at  a  location   suitable  for  the
           performance of the Employee's assigned duties.

1.2   Employee  shall at all times devote his full business time and efforts to
           the  performance  of his duties and to promote the best interests of
           the Company and its Affiliates.

2.    Period of  Employment  Employment  as Senior Vice  President  shall begin
      and continue  from  November 1, 2002,  and  terminate on the happening of
      any of the following events:



D12
<PAGE>



      2.1  Death  The date of death of Employee;

2.2   Termination  by  Employee  Without  Good Reason The date  specified  in a
           written notice of  termination  given to the Company by Employee not
           less than 180 days in advance of such specified  date, at which date
           the  Employee's  obligation  to perform  services  pursuant  to this
           Agreement shall cease.

2.3   Termination  by Employee with Good Reason Thirty (30) days  following the
           date of a written  notice of  termination  given to the  Company  by
           Employee  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  any  one or more of the
           following events have occurred:

(a)   failure  by the  Company  to  maintain  the level of  responsibility  and
                status  of  the   Employee   generally   similar  to  those  of
                Employee's position as of the date of the Agreement, or

(b)   a reduction by the Company in  Employee's  base salary as in effect as of
                the date hereof plus all increases thereof subsequent  thereto;
                other  than  any  reduction  implemented  as part  of a  formal
                austerity  program  approved by the Board of  Directors  of the
                Company  and  applicable  to all  continuing  employees  of the
                Company,  provided such  reduction  does not reduce  Employee's
                salary by a percentage  greater  than the average  reduction in
                the  compensation of all employees who continue as employees of
                the Company during such austerity program; or

(c)   the  failure  of the  Company  to  maintain  and to  continue  Employee's
                participation in the Company's  benefit plans as in effect from
                time  to  time  on a  basis  substantially  equivalent  to  the
                participation  and  benefits  of  Company  employees  similarly
                situated to the Employee; or

(d)   any substantial and uncorrected breach of the Agreement by the Company.

2.4   Termination by the Company Upon written  notice of  termination  given to
           Employee  by the  Company,  the  Employee's  obligation  to  perform
           services  pursuant to this  Agreement  shall cease as of the date of
           such notice.



D12
<PAGE>



3.    Payments by the Company

3.1   During the Period of  Employment,  the Company  shall pay to the Employee
           for all services to be  performed by Employee  hereunder a salary of
           not less than $250,000 per annum,  or such larger amount as may from
           time to time be fixed by the Board of  Directors  of the Company or,
           if  applicable,  by the Human  Resources  Committee of the Board (or
           its successor),  payable in accordance with the Company's normal pay
           schedule.

3.2   During  the  Period  of   Employment,   Employee  shall  be  entitled  to
           participate  in all plans and other  benefits made  available by the
           Company  generally to its domestic  executive  employees,  including
           (without  limitation)  benefits under any pension,  profit  sharing,
           employee stock ownership,  stock option,  bonus,  performance  stock
           appreciation  right,  management  incentive,  vacation,  disability,
           annuity,  or insurance  plans or  programs.  Any payments to be made
           to Employee  under other  provisions  of this Section 3 shall not be
           diminished  by any  payments  made or to be made to  Employee or his
           designees  pursuant to any such plan,  nor shall any  payments to be
           made to  Employee  or his  designees  pursuant  to any such  plan be
           diminished  by any  payment  made or to be made  to  Employee  under
           other provisions of this Section 3.

3.3   Upon  termination  of the  Period  of  Employment  for  whatever  reason,
           Employee shall be entitled to receive the  compensation  accrued and
           unpaid as of the date of his  termination.  If  Employee at the time
           of termination  is eligible to participate in any Company  incentive
           or bonus plan then in effect,  Employee shall be entitled to receive
           a pro-rata  share of such  incentive  or bonus  award based upon the
           number of days he is  employed  during  the plan year up to the date
           of his  termination.  Such  pro-rata  amount shall be  calculated in
           the usual way and paid at the usual time.

3.4   If the Period of Employment  terminates  upon the death of Employee,  the
           Company  shall  continue  payment of his then  current  salary for a
           period  of 12  months  from the  date of  death,  together  with his
           pro-rata  share  of any  incentive  or  bonus  payments  due for the
           period prior to his death, to Employee's designated  beneficiary or,
           if  no  beneficiary  has  been  effectively   designated,   then  to
           Employee's estate.



D12
<PAGE>



3.5   If the Period of Employment  is terminated by the Employee  under Section
           2.3,  or by  the  Company  under  Section  2.4,  the  Company  shall
           continue to pay  compensation  and provide  benefits to the employee
           as  provided  in this  Section  3.5 for a period  (the  "Termination
           Period")  beginning on the date of the termination notice and ending
           on the earlier  of: (i) the second  annual  anniversary  of the date
           of such termination  notice;  or (ii) the date on which the Employee
           would attain age 65, as follows:

(a)   Compensation  shall be paid to the  Employee at the rate of salary  being
                paid to  Employee  under  Section  3.1  immediately  before the
                termination;

(b)   Bonus  and  incentive  compensation  shall  be  paid to the  Employee  in
                accordance  with plans  approved by the Board of Directors  and
                similar to those in which the Employee  participated at time of
                termination,  using the same  formula  and  calculations  as if
                termination  had  not  occurred.  The  Employee  shall  not  be
                entitled to receive any further  grants of stock  options under
                any stock  option or similar such plan  subsequent  to the date
                of termination,  but  outstanding  stock options shall continue
                to vest during the  Termination  Period in accordance  with the
                applicable stock option plan;

(c)   Employee  shall  receive the benefits that would have been accrued by the
                Employee during the Termination  Period from  participation  by
                the Employee under any pension, profit sharing,  employee stock
                ownership plan ("ESOP") or similar  retirement plan or plans of
                the   Company   or  any   Affiliate   in  which  the   Employee
                participated immediately before the termination,  in accordance
                with the terms of any such plan (or, if not available,  in lieu
                thereof be  compensated  for such  benefits),  based on service
                the Employee would have had during the  Termination  Period and
                compensation   (and,   if   applicable,   bonus  and  incentive
                compensation)   as  determined   under  Section  (a)  (and,  if
                applicable, Subsection (b) above);

(d)   Employee shall receive continued  coverage during the Termination  Period
                under all employee  disability,  annuity,  insurance,  or other
                employee  welfare  benefit plans,  programs or  arrangements of
                the Company or any  Affiliate  in which  Employee  participated
                immediately   before  the  notice  of  termination,   plus  all
                improvements  subsequent thereto (or, if not available, in lieu
                thereof be compensated for such coverage); and



D12
<PAGE>



(e)   In the event of the death of Employee during the Termination  Period, the
                Company  shall  continue  to  make  payments  under  Subsection
                3.5(a) for the period  that is the lesser of the  remainder  of
                the  Termination  Period or twelve (12)  months,  and shall pay
                any bonuses  due under  Subsection  3.5(b) on a pro-rata  basis
                until the date of Employee's  death,  to Employee's  designated
                beneficiary  or,  if  no  beneficiary   has  been   effectively
                designated, then to Employee's estate.

           Except as provided in Section  3.6,  payment of  compensation  under
           Subsection  3.5(a)  above shall be made at the same time as payments
           of  compensation  under Section 3.1, and payments of other  benefits
           under Subsections  3.5(b) and (c) shall be paid at the same time and
           to the same person as  compensation or benefits would have been paid
           under the plan,  program, or arrangement to which they relate (after
           taking into account any election  made by the Employee  with respect
           to payments under such plan, program, or arrangement),  and shall be
           pro-rated  for any partial  year through the date of  expiration  of
           the Termination Period.

3.6   If at any time after a Change of  Control  the  Period of  Employment  is
           terminated  by the  Employee  under  Section  2.3,  or  the  Company
           terminates or gives written  notice of  termination of the Period of
           Employment  to the  Employee  (regardless  of whether in  accordance
           with  Section  2.4),  then in lieu of the  periodic  payment  of the
           amounts  specified in  Subsections  3.5(a),  (b), and (c) (except as
           may be otherwise  prohibited by law or by said plans),  the Company,
           at the written  election of Employee,  shall pay to Employee  within
           five (5) business days of such  termination or notice of termination
           the present value of the amounts  specified in  Subsections  3.5(a),
           (b),  and (c),  discounted  at the  greatest  rate of interest  then
           payable by Mellon Bank (or its  successor) on any federally  insured
           savings  account into which  Employee  could deposit such amount and
           make immediate  withdrawals  therefrom  without  penalty,  and shall
           provide for the  remainder of the  Termination  Period,  if any, the
           benefit coverage required by Subsection  3.5(d).  Employee shall not
           be required to mitigate damages payable under this Section 3.6.

3.7   In no  event  will  the  Company  be  obligated  to  continue  Employee's
           compensation  and other benefits under Section 3.5 of this Agreement
           beyond  Employee's  sixty-fifth  (65th)  birthday  or if  Employee's
           employment is terminated  because of gross negligence or significant
           willful   misconduct  (e.g.   conviction  of   misappropriation   of
           corporate assets or serious criminal offense).



D12
<PAGE>



4.    Non-Competition  Agreement  During  the  Period of  Employment  and for a
      period of five (5) years after the  termination  thereof,  Employee shall
      not,  without the written consent of the Company,  directly or indirectly
      be  employed  or  retained  by,  or  render  any  services   for,  or  be
      financially  interested  in,  any  firm  or  corporation  engaged  in any
      business which is  competitive  with any business in which the Company or
      any of its  Affiliates  may  have  been  engaged  during  the  Period  of
      Employment.  The  foregoing  restriction  shall not apply to the purchase
      by Employee  of up to 5% of the  outstanding  shares of capital  stock of
      any corporation  whose  securities are listed on any national  securities
      exchange.

5.    Loyalty  Commitments  During  and after the  Period  of  Employment:  (a)
      Employee shall not disclose any confidential  business  information about
      the affairs of the  Company or any of its  Affiliates;  and (b)  Employee
      shall not,  without the prior written  consent of the Company,  induce or
      attempt to induce any  employee or agency  representative  of the Company
      or any  Affiliate  to  leave  the  employment  or  representation  of the
      Company or such Affiliate.

6.    Separability   of  Provisions  The  terms  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
      considered  to be separable  from each other,  and in the event any shall
      be  found  to be  invalid,  it  shall  not  affect  the  validity  of the
      remaining terms.

7.    Binding  Effect  This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon and inure to the
      benefit  of (a) the  Company  and its  successors  and  assigns,  and (b)
      Employee, his personal representatives, heirs, and legatees.

8.    Entire   Agreement  This  Agreement   constitutes  the  entire  agreement
      between the parties and  supersedes and revokes all prior oral or written
      understandings  between the parties  relating to  Employee's  employment,
      except with respect to matters addressed in the offer letter dated
      October   , 2002  between the parties to the extent such  matters are not
      covered in this  Agreement.  The Agreement may not be changed  orally but
      only by a written  document signed by the party against whom  enforcement
      of any waiver, change, modification, extension, or discharge is sought.

9.    Definitions   The  following   terms  herein  shall   (unless   otherwise
      expressly provided) have the following respective meanings:



D12
<PAGE>



9.1   "Affiliate"   when  used  with   reference  to  the  Company   means  any
           corporations,   joint  ventures,   or  other  business   enterprises
           directly or indirectly  controlling,  controlled by, or under common
           control  with  the  Company.   For  purposes  of  this   definition,
           "control"  means  ownership  or  power  to  vote  50% or more of the
           voting stock, venture interests,  or other comparable  participation
           in such business enterprises.

9.2   "Period of  Employment"  means the period  commencing  on the date hereof
           and terminating pursuant to Section 2.

9.3   "Beneficiary"  means the  person or  persons  designated  in  writing  by
           Employee to Company.

9.4   "Change of Control" means any event by which (i) an Acquiring  Person has
           become  such,  or (ii)  Continuing  Directors  cease to  comprise  a
           majority of the members of the Board of  Directors of the Company or
           the  applicable  Parent of the Company (a "Board").  For purposes of
           this definition:

(a)   An  "Acquiring  Person"  means any person or group (as defined in Section
                13(d)(3) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,
                and the  rules and  regulations  promulgated  thereunder  as in
                effect on the date of this Agreement  (the "Exchange  Act") who
                or which,  together  with all  affiliates  and  associates  (as
                defined in Rule 12B-2 under the Exchange Act)  becomes,  by way
                of any  transaction,  the  beneficial  owner of  shares  of the
                Company,  or such  Parent,  having  20% or more of (i) the then
                outstanding  shares of  Common  Stock of the  Company,  or such
                Parent,  or (ii)  the  voting  power  of the  then  outstanding
                voting securities of the Company,  or such Parent,  entitled to
                vote  generally  in the election of directors of the Company or
                such Parent; and

(b)   "Continuing  Director" means any member of a Board,  while such person is
                a member of such Board who is not an  Acquiring  Person,  or an
                affiliate   or   associate   of  an   Acquiring   Person  or  a
                representative  of an Acquiring Person or of any such affiliate
                or  associate  and who (i) was a member of such Board  prior to
                the date of this  Agreement,  or (ii)  subsequently  becomes  a
                member of such  Board  and whose  nomination  for  election  or
                election   to  such  Board  is   recommended   or  approved  by
                resolution of a majority of the Continuing  Directors or who is
                included  as a nominee in a proxy  statement  of the Company or
                the  applicable  Parent  distributed  when a  majority  of such
                Board consists of Continuing Directors.



D12
<PAGE>



9.5   "Parent" means any Affiliate directly or indirectly  controlling  (within
           the meaning of Section 9.1) the Company.

10.   Notices  Where  there is  provision  herein for the  delivery  of written
      notice to  either of the  parties,  such  notice  shall be deemed to have
      been  delivered  for the  purposes of this  Agreement  when  delivered in
      person or placed in a sealed,  postpaid envelope  addressed to such party
      and mailed by registered  mail,  return receipt  requested to the address
      set forth below for the Company and the most recent  address as may be on
      the Company records for the Employee:


           For Company:                   DENTSPLY International Inc.
                                    570 West College Avenue
                                    York, PA  17404
                                    Attention:  Secretary

11.   Arbitration  Any  controversy  arising from or related to this  Agreement
      shall  be  determined  by  arbitration  in  the  City  of   Philadelphia,
      Pennsylvania,  in accordance  with the rules of the American  Arbitration
      Association,  and judgment  upon any such  determination  or award may be
      entered  in  any  court  having   jurisdiction.   In  the  event  of  any
      arbitration  between  Employee and Company  related to the Agreement,  if
      employee  shall be the  successful  party,  Company  will  indemnify  and
      reimburse  Employee  against  any  reasonable  legal  fees  and  expenses
      incurred in such arbitration.

12.   Applicable  Law The  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
      accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have  executed  the  Agreement on the day and
year first above written.



Attest:                             DENTSPLY INTERNATIONAL INC.

____________    ___________________ By:____________________________________
Secretary                           President and Chief Operating Officer


                               ----------------------------------------
                                    Christopher T. Clark


D12
<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A

                           BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITIES



o     Business Development

o     Strategic Planning

o     Group Practice Sales

o     North American Marketing and Administration

o     Alliance

o     Federal Sales Government

o     Manufacturing and Logistics

o     DENTSPLY Ransom & Randolph


D12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
