<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(O)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a88400exv10wxoy.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(O)
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(o)

                       THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT

THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter called the "Third
Amendment") is made and entered into this 23 day of January, 2003 by and between
PRINCIPAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, (the "Landlord"), an Iowa corporation, and
MYKOTRONX, Inc., a California corporation (the "Tenant").

                               W I T N E S E T H :

         WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into a lease dated December 29,
1995 ("the Lease") pursuant to which the Tenant agreed to lease and the Landlord
agreed to rent certain premises consisting of approximately 2,775 rentable
square feet of floor area (hereinafter referred to as "the Premises") and
located in a building ("the Building") at 9861 Broken Land Parkway, Suite 258 in
Columbia, Maryland 21046.

         WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into a First Lease Amendment dated
February 8, 1999 ("First Amendment") whereby the Lease was extended for
thirty-six (36) months.

           WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant entered into a Second Lease Amendment
 dated February 8, 2002 ("Second Amendment") whereby the Lease was extended for
 twelve (12) months.

         WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend the Lease in order to modify
the rental amount payable, extend the term of the Lease, and otherwise to amend
the Lease as hereinafter set forth.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual
covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

         1.       Landlord and Tenant do hereby extend the term of the aforesaid
Lease for an additional twelve (12) months commencing February 1,2003 and
expiring on January 31,2004.

         2.       Effective February 1, 2003, Section 1.4 of the Lease (Rent) is
hereby amended by inserting the following as the increased Rent for the extended
term:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             Period                                          Monthly
             ------                                          -------
<S>                                                         <C>
February 1, 2003 - January 31, 2004                         $5,480.63
</TABLE>

         3.       Improvements: Landlord would, at Landlord's sole cost and
expense, add a VAV zone to the strong room. Otherwise the Premises shall be
leased by Tenant in its existing "as-is" configuration and condition.

         4.       No offer. The submission of this Third Amendment shall not be
construed as an offer, and Tenant shall not have any rights under this Third
Amendment unless Landlord executes and delivers this Third Amendment to Tenant.

         5.       Except as expressly amended by this Third Amendment, the
Agreement of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect.

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as
of the day and year above written.

WITNESS:                          PRINCIPAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, an Iowa
                                  corporation, on behalf of the Real Estate
                                  Separate Account
________________________

                                  By: PRINCIPAL CAPITAL REAL ESTATE
                                  INVESTORS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
                                  company, its authorized signatory

                                  By: _______________________________________

                                  By: _______________________________________

WITNESS:                          MYKOTRONX, INC.

/s/ [ILLEGIBLE]                       By: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
------------------------              ---------------------------------

<PAGE>

           STANDARD INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL MULTI-TENANT LEASE--GROSS
                  AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION

               [AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION LOGO]

         MADISON AVENUE NORTH, a California Limited Partnership

1.   BASIC PROVISIONS ( "BASIC PROVISIONS ").

     1.1 PARTIES: This Lease ( "LEASE "), dated for reference purposes only.
March 20, 2002, is made by and between _____________________ ( "LESSOR ") and
MYKOTRONX, INC., a California Corporation ( "LESSEE "), (collectively the
"PARTIES," or individually A "PARTY ").

     1.2(a) PREMISES: That certain portion of the Building. Including all
improvements therein or to be provided by Lessor under the terms of this Lease,
commonly known by the street address of 385 Van Ness Avenue, located in the City
of Torrance Country of Los Angeles, State of California, with zip code 90501, as
outlined on Exhibit B attached hereto ("PREMISES"). The "Building" Is that
certain building containing the Premises and generally described as (describe
briefly the nature of the Building): approximately 4,319 square feet of office
space more commonly known as Suite 100 In addition to Lessee's rights to use and
occupy the Premises as hereinafter specified, Lessee shall have non-exclusive
rights to the Common Areas (as defined in Paragraph 2.7 below) as hereinafter
specified, but shall not have any rights to the root, exterior walls or utility
raceways of the Building or to any other buildings in the Industrial Center. The
Premises, the Building, the Common Areas, the land upon which they are located,
along with all other buildings and improvements thereon, are herein collectively
referred to as the "INDUSTRIAL CENTER." (Also see Paragraph 2.)

     1.2(b) PARKING: sixteen (16) unreserved vehicle parking spaces ("UNRESERVED
PARKING SPACES"); and -0- reserved vehicle parking spaces ("RESERVED PARKING
SPACES"). (Also see Paragraph 2.6.)

     1.3 TERM: 1 years and 1 months ("ORIGINAL TERM") commencing April 1, 2002
("COMMENCEMENT DATE") and ending April 30, 2003 ("EXPIRATION DATE"). (Also see
Paragraph 3)

     1.4 EARLY POSSESSION: upon mutual execution of lease ("EARLY POSSESSION
DATE"). (Also see Paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3.)

     1.5 BASE RENT: $4,751.00 per month ("BASE RENT"), payable on the 1st day of
each month commencing April 2002 (Also see Paragraph 4.)

[X]  If this box is checked, this Lease provides for the Base Rent to be
     adjusted per Addendum 49.d, attached hereto.

     1.6(a) BASE RENT PAID UPON EXECUTION: $4,751.00 Base Rent for the period
first month

     1.6(b) LESSEE'S SHORE OF COMMON AREA OPERATING EXPENSES: three point three
eight percent (3.38%) ("LESSEE'S SHARE") as determined by

[X]  prorala square footage of the Premises as compared to the total square
     footage of the project or [ ] other criteria as described in Addendum _____

     1.7 SECURITY DEPOSIT: $ 0 ("SECURITY DEPOSIT"). (Also see Paragraph 5.)

     1.8 PERMITTED USE: company doing technical and space communications design
and manufacturing ("PERMITTED USE") (Also see Paragraph 6.)

     1.9 INSURING PARTY. Lessor is the "INSURING PARTY." (Also see Paragraph 8.)

     1.10(a) REAL ESTATE BROKERS. The following real estate broker(s)
(collectively, the "BROKERS") and brokerage relationships exist in this
transaction and are consented to by the Parties (check applicable boxes):

[ ]  _____ represents Lessor exclusively ("LESSOR'S BROKER");

[ ]  N/A   represents Lessee exclusively ("LESSEE'S BROKER"); or

[ ]  _____ represents both Lessor and Lessee ("DUAL AGENCY"). (Also see
     Paragraph 15)

     1.10(b) PAYMENT TO BROKERS. Upon the occupancy of the premises by Lessee
Lessor shall pay to said Broker(s) jointly, or in such separate shares as they
may mutually designate in writing, a fee as set forth in a separate written
agreement between Lessor and said Broker(s) (or in the event there is no
separate written agreement between Lessor and said Broker(s), the sum of $___)
for brokerage services rendered by said Broker(s) in connection with this
transaction.

     1.11 GUARANTOR. The obligations of the Lessee under this Lease are to be
guaranteed by _____ ("GUARANTOR"). (Also see Paragraph 37.)

     1.12 ADDENDA AND EXHIBITS. Attached hereto is an Addendum or Addenda
consisting of Paragraphs 49.a through 51, and Exhibits A through B all of which
constitute a part of this Lease.

2.   PREMISES, PARKING AND COMMON AREAS.

     2.1      LETTING. Lessor hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby
leases from Lessor, the Premises, for the term, at the rental, and upon all of
the terms, covenants and conditions set forth in this Lease. Unless otherwise
provided herein, any statement of square footage set forth in this Lease, or
that may have been used in calculating rental and/or Common Area Operating
Expenses, is an approximation which Lessor and Lessee agree is reasonable and
the rental and Lessee's Share (as defined in Paragraph 1.6(b)) based thereon is
not subject to revision whether or not the actual square footage is more or
less.

     2.2      CONDITION. Lessor shall deliver the Premises to Lessee clean
and free of debris on the Commencement Date and warrants to Lessee that the
existing plumbing, electrical systems, fire sprinkler system, lighting, air
conditioning and heating systems and loading doors. If any, in the Premises,
other than those constructed by Lessee, shall be in good operating condition on
the Commencement Date. If a non-compliance with said warranty exists as of the
Commencement Date, Lessor shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease,
promptly after receipt of written notice from Lessee setting forth with
specificity the nature and extent of such non-compliance, rectify same at
Lessor's expense. If Lessee does not give Lessor written notice of a
non-compliance with this warranty within thirty (30) days after the Commencement
Date, correction of that non-compliance shall be the obligation of Lessee at
Lessee's sole cost and expense.

     2.3      COMPLIANCE WITH COVENANTS, RESTRICTIONS AND BUILDING CODE.
Lessor warrants that any improvements (other than those constructed by Lessee or
at Lessee's direction) on or in the Premises which have been constructed or
installed by Lessor or with Lessor's consent or at Lessor's direction shall
comply with all applicable covenants or restrictions of record and applicable
building codes, regulations and ordinances in effect on the Commencement Date.
Lessor further warrants to Lessee that Lessor has no knowledge of any claim
having been made by any governmental agency that a violation or violations of
applicable building codes, regulations, or ordinances exist with regard to the
Premises as of the Commencement Date. Said warranties shall not apply to any
Alterations or Utility Installations (defined in Paragraph 7.3(a)) made or to be
made by Lessee. If the Premises do not comply with said warranties, Lessor
shall, except as otherwise provided in this Lease, promptly after receipt of
written notice from Lessee given within six (6) months following the
Commencement Date and setting forth with specificity the nature and extent of
such non-compliance, take such action, at Lessor's expense, as may be reasonable
or appropriate to rectify the non-compliance. Lessor makes no warranty that the
Permitted Use in Paragraph 1.8 is permitted for the Premises under Applicable
Laws (as defined in Paragraph 2.4).

     2.4      ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES. Lessee hereby acknowledge: (a) that it
has been advised by the Broker(s) to satisfy itself with respect to the
condition of the Premises (including but not limited to the electrical and fire
sprinkler systems, security, environmental aspects, seismic and earthquake
requirements, and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and
applicable zoning, municipal, county, state and federal laws, ordinances and
regulations and any covenants or restrictions of record (collectively,
"APPLICABLE LAWS") and the present and future suitability of the Premises for
lessee's Intended use; (b) that Lessee has made such investigation as it deems
necessary with reference to such matters, is satisfied with reference thereto,
and assumes all responsibility therefore as the same relate to Lessee's
occupancy of the Premises and/or the terms of this Lease; and (c) that neither
Lessor, nor any of Lessor's agents, has made any oral or written representations
or warranties with respect to said matters other than as set forth in this
Lease.

     2.5      LESSEE AS PRIOR OWNER/OCCUPANT. The warranties made by Lessor
in this Paragraph 2 shall be of no force or effect if immediately prior to the
date set forth in Paragraph 1.1 Lessee was the owner or occupant of the
Premises. In such event, Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole cost and expense,
correct any non-compliance of the Premises with said warranties.

                                                         Initials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                  --------------

<PAGE>

     2.6      VEHICLE PARKING. Lessee shall be entitled to use the number of
Unreserved Parking Spaces and Reserved Parking Spaces specified in Paragraph 1.
2(b) on those portions of the Common Areas designated from time to time by
Lessor for parking for the Industrial Center Lessee shall not use more parking
spaces than said number. Said parking spaces shall be used for parking by
vehicles no larger than full-size passenger automobiles or pick-up trucks,
herein called "PERMITTED SIZE VEHICLES" Vehicles other than Permitted Size
Vehicles shall be parked and loaded or unloaded as directed by Lessor in the
Rules and Regulations (as defined in Paragraph 40) issued by Lessor. (Also see
Paragraph 2.9)

              (a) Lessee shall not permit or allow any vehicles that belong to
or are controlled by Lessee or Lessee's employees, suppliers, shippers,
customers, contractors or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or parked in areas
other than those designated by Lessor for such activities.

              (b) If Lessee permits or allows any of the prohibited activities
described in this Paragraph 2.6, then Lessor shall have the right, without
notice, in addition to such other rights and remedies that it may have, to
remove or low away the vehicle involved and change the cost to Lessee, which
cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

              (c) Lessor shall at the Commencement Date of this Lease, provide
the parking facilities required by Applicable Law

     2.7      COMMON AREAS--DEFINITION. The term "COMMON AREAS" is defined as
all areas and facilities outside the Premises and within the exterior boundary
line of the Industrial Center and interior utility raceways within the Premises
that are provided and designated by the Lessor from time to time for the general
non-exclusive use of Lessor, Lessee and other lessees of the Industrial Center
and their respective employees, suppliers, shippers, customers, contractors and
invitees, including parking areas, loading and unloading areas, trash areas,
roadways, sidewalks, walkways, parkways, driveways and landscaped areas

     2.8      COMMON AREAS--LESSEE'S RIGHTS. Lessor hereby grants to Lessee,
for the benefit of Lessee and its employees, suppliers, shippers, contractors,
customers and invitees, during the term of this Lease, the non-exclusive right
to use, in common with others entitled to such use, the Common Areas as they
exist from time to time, subject to any rights, powers, and privileges reserved
by Lessor under the terms hereof or under the terms of any rules and regulations
or restrictions governing the use of the industrial Center. Under no
circumstances shall the right herein granted to use the Common Areas be deemed
to include the right to store any property, temporarily or permanently. In the
Common Areas. Any such storage shall be permitted only by the prior written
consent of Lessor or Lessor's designated agent, which consent may be revoked at
any time. In the event that any unauthorized storage shall occur then Lessor
shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such other rights and
remedies that if may have, to remove the property and change the cost to
Lessee, which cost shall be immediately payable upon demand by Lessor.

     2.9      COMMON AREAS--RULES AND REGULATIONS. Lessor or such other
person(s) as Lessor may appoint shall have the exclusive control and management
of the Common Areas and shall have the right, from time to time, to establish,
modify, amend and enforce reasonable Rules and Regulations with respect thereto
in accordance with Paragraph 40. Lessee agrees to abide by and conform to all
such Rules and Regulations, and to cause its employees, suppliers, shippers,
customers, contractors and invitees to so abide and conform. Lessor shall not be
responsible to Lessee for the non-compliance with said rules and regulations by
other lessees of the Industrial Center.

     2.10     COMMON AREAS--CHANGES. Lessor shall have the right, in Lessor's
sole discretion, from time to time:

              (a) To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without
limitation, changes in the location, size, shape and number of driveways,
entrances, parking spaces, parking areas, loading and unloading areas, ingress,
egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas, walkways and utility raceways;

              (b) To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance
purposes so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available;

              (c) To designate other land outside the boundaries of the
Industrial Center to be a part of the Common Areas;

              (d)To add additional buildings and improvements to the Common
Areas;
              (e) To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional
improvements, repairs or alterations to the Industrial Center, or any portion
thereof; and

              (f) To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes
in, to or with respect to the Common Areas and Industrial Center as Lessor may,
in the exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate.

3.   TERM.

     3.1      TERM. The Commencement Date, Expiration Date and Original Term of
this Lease are as specified in Paragraph 1.3

     3.2      EARLY POSSESSION. If an Early Possession Date is specified in
Paragraph 1.4 and if Lessee totally or partially occupies the Premises after the
Early Possession Date but prior to the Commencement Date, the obligation to pay
Base Rent shall be abated for the period of such early occupancy. All other
terms of this Lease, however, (including but not limited to the obligations to
pay Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses and to carry the insurance
required by Paragraph 8) shall be in effect during such period. Any such early
possession shall not affect nor advance the Expiration Date of the Original
Term.

     3.3      DELAY IN POSSESSION. If for any reason Lessor cannot deliver
possession of the Premises to Lessee by the Early Possession Date, if one is
specified in Paragraph 1.4, or if no Early Possession Date is specified, by the
Commencement Date, Lessor shall not be subject to any liability therefor, nor
shall such failure affect the validity of this Lease, or the obligations of
Lessee hereunder, but in such case. Lessee shall not, except as otherwise
provided herein, be obligated to pay rent or perform any other obligation of
Lessee under the terms of this Lease until Lessor delivers possession of the
Premises to Lessee. If possession of the Premises is not delivered to Lessee
within sixty (60) days after the Commencement Date, Lessee may, at its option,
by notice in writing to Lessor within ten (10) days after the end of said sixty
(60) day period, cancel this Lease, in which event the parties shall be
discharged from all obligations hereunder; provided further, however, that if
such written notice of Lessee is not received by Lessor within said ten (10) day
period. Lessee's right to cancel this Lease hereunder shall terminate and be of
no further force or effect. Except as may be otherwise provided, and regardless
of when the Original Term actually commences, if possession is not tendered to
Lessee when required by this Lease and Lessee does not terminate this Lease, as
aforesaid, the period free of the obligation to pay Base Rent, if any, that
Lessee would otherwise have enjoyed shall run from the date of delivery of
possession and continue for a period equal to the period during which the Lessee
would have otherwise enjoyed under the terms hereof, but minus any days of delay
caused by the acts, changes or omissions of Lessee. See Para. 49.g

4.   RENT.

     4.1      BASE RENT. Lessee shall pay Base Rent and other rent or charges,
as the same may be adjusted from time to time, to Lessor in lawful money of the
United States, without offset or deduction, on or before the day on which it is
due under the terms of this Lease. Base Rent and all other rent and charges for
any period during the term hereof which is for less than one full month shall be
prorated based upon a 30 day month. Payment of Base Rent and other charges shall
be made to Lessor at its address stated herein or to such other persons or at
such other addresses as Lessor may from time to time designate in writing to
Lessee.

     4.2      COMMON AREA OPERATING EXPENSES. Lessee shall pay to Lessor during
the term hereof, in addition to the Base Rent. Lessee's Share (as specified in
Paragraph 1.6(b)) of all Common Area Operating Expenses, as hereinafter defined,
during each calendar year of the term of this Lease, in accordance with the
following provisions:

              (a) "COMMON AREA OPERATING EXPENSES" are defined, for purposes of
this Lease, as all costs incurred by Lessor relating to the ownership and
operation of the Industrial Center, including, but not limited to, the
following:

                  (i) The operation, repair and maintenance, in neat, clean,
good order and condition, of the following:

                     (aa) The Common Areas, including parking areas, loading and
unloading areas, trash areas, roadways, sidewalks, walkways, parkways,
driveways, landscaped areas, striping, bumpers, Irrigation systems, Common Area
lighting facilities, fences and gates, elevators and roof.

                     (bb) Exterior signs and any tenant directories.

                     (cc) Fire detection and sprinkler systems.

                  (ii) The cost of water, gas, electricity and telephone to
service the Common Areas.

                  (iii) Trash disposal, property management and security
services and the costs of any environmental inspections.

                  (iv) Reserves set aside for maintenance and repair of Common
Areas.

                  (v) Any increase above the Base Real Property Taxes (as
defined in Paragraph 10.2(b)) for the Building and the Common Areas.$*

                  (vi) Any "Insurance Cost Increase" (as defined in Paragraph
8.1).

                  (vii) The cost of Insurance carried by Lessor with respect to
the Common Areas.

                  (viii) Any deductible portion of an insured loss concerning
the Building or the Common Areas.

                  (ix) Any other services to be provided by Lessor that are
stated elsewhere in this Lease to be a Common Area Operating Expense.

              (b) Any Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes
that are specifically attributable to the Building or to any other building in
the Industrial Center or to the operation, repair and maintenance thereof, shall
be allocated entirely to the Building or to such other building. However, any
Common Area Operating Expenses and Real Property Taxes that are not specifically
attributable to the Building or to any other building or to the operation,
repair and maintenance thereof, shall be equitably allocated by Lessor to all
buildings in the Industrial Center.

              (c) The inclusion of the improvements, facilities and services set
forth in Subparagraph 4.2(a) shall not be deemed to impose an obligation upon
Lessor to either have said improvements or facilities or to provide those
services unless the Industrial Center already has the same. Lessor already
provides the services, or Lessor has agreed elsewhere in this Lease to provide
the same or some of them.

              (d) Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses shall be
payable by Lessee within ten (10) days after a statement of actual expenses is
presented to Lessee by Lessor. At Lessor's option, however, an amount may be
estimated by Lessor from time to time of Lessee's Share of annual Common Area
Operating Expenses and the same shall be payable monthly or quarterly, as Lessor
shall designate, during each 12-month period of the Lease term, on the same day
as the Base Rent is due hereunder. Lessor shall deliver to Lessee within sixty
(60) days after the expiration of each calendar year a reasonably detailed
statement showing Lessee's Share of the actual Common Area Operating Expenses
incurred during the preceding year. If Lessee's payments under this Paragraph
4.2(d) during said preceding year exceed Lessee's Share as indicated on said
statement, Lessee shall be credited the amount of such over.

*Paragraph 4.2a(v), Should an interest in the Building be sold, assigned, or
otherwise transferred, which results in a reassessment, Lessee's liability for
increases in real estate tax passthroughs related to said transfer shall be
borne by Lessor.

                                                         Initials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                  --------------

<PAGE>

payment against Lessee's Share of Common Area Operating Expenses next becoming
due. If Lessee's payments under this Paragraph 4.2(d) during said preceding
year were less than Lessee's Share as indicated on said statement. Lessee shall
pay to Lessor the amount of the deficiency within ten (10) days after delivery
by Lessor to Lessee of said statement.

5.   SECURITY DEPOSIT. Lessee shall deposit with Lessor upon Lessee's execution
hereof the Security Deposit set forth in Paragraph 1.7 as security for Lessee's
faithful performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease. If Lessee fails
to pay Base Rent or other rent or charges due hereunder, or otherwise Defaults
under this Lease (as defined in Paragraph 13.1), Lessor may use, apply or retain
all or any portion of said Security Deposit for the payment of any amount due
Lessor or to reimburse or compensate Lessor for any liability, cost, expense,
loss or damage (including attorney's fees) which Lessor may suffer or incur by
reason thereof. If Lessor uses or applies all or any portion of said Security
Deposit, Lessee shall within ten (10) days after written request therefore
deposit monies with Lessor sufficient to restore said Security Deposit to the
full amount required by this Lease. Any time the Base Rent increases during the
term of this Lease. Lessee shall, upon written request from Lessor, deposit
additional monies with Lessor as an addition to the Security Deposit so that
the total amount of the Security Deposit shall at all times bear the same
proportion to the then current Base Rent as the initial Security Deposit bears
to the initial Base Rent set forth in Paragraph 1.5. Lessor shall not be
required to keep all or any part of the Security Deposit separate from its
general accounts. Lessor shall, at the expiration or earlier termination of the
term hereof and after Lessee has vacated the Premises, return to Lessee (or, at
Lessor's option, to the last assignee, if any, of Lessee's interest herein),
that portion of the Security Deposit not used or applied by Lessor. Unless
otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Lessor, no part of the Security Deposit
shall be considered to be held in trust, to bear interest or other increment for
its use, or to be prepayment for any monies to be paid by Lessee under this
Lease.

6.   USE.

     6.1      PERMITTED USE.

              (a) Lessee shall use and occupy the Premises only for the
Permitted Use set forth in Paragraph 1.8, or any other legal use which is
reasonably comparable thereto, and for no other purpose. Lessee shall not use or
permit the use of the Premises in a manner that is unlawful, creates waste or a
nuisance, or that disturbs owners and/or occupants of, or causes damage to the
Premises or neighboring premises or properties.

              (b) Lessor hereby agrees to not unreasonably withhold or delay its
consent to any written request by Lessee, Lessee's assignees or subtenants, and
by prospective assignees and subtenants Of Lessee, its assignees and subtenants,
for a modification of said Permitted Use, so long as the same will not impair
the structural integrity of the improvements on the Premises or in the Building
or the mechanical or electrical systems therein, does not conflict with uses by
other lessees, is not significantly more burdensome to the Premises or the
Building and the improvements thereon, and is otherwise permissible pursuant to
this Paragraph 6. If Lessor elects to withhold such consent, Lessor shall within
five (5) business days after such request give a written notification of same,
which notice shall include an explanation of Lessor's reasonable objections to
the change in use.

     6.2      HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES.

              (a) REPORTABLE USES REQUIRE CONSENT. The term "HAZARDOUS
SUBSTANCE" as used in this Lease shall mean any product, substance, chemical,
material or waste whose presence, nature, quantity and/or intensity of
existence, use, manufacture, disposal, transportation, spill, release or effect,
either by itself or in combination with other materials expected to be on the
Premises, is either: (i) potentially injurious to the public health, safety or
welfare, the environment, or the Premises; (ii) regulated or monitored by any
governmental authority; or (iii) a basis for potential liability of Lessor to
any governmental agency or third party under any applicable statute or common
law theory. Hazardous Substance shall include, but not be limited to,
hydrocarbons, petroleum, gasoline, crude oil or any products or by-products
thereof. Lessee shall not engage in any activity in or about the Premises which
constitutes a Reportable Use (as hereinafter defined) of Hazardous Substances
without the express prior written consent of Lessor and compliance in a timely
manner (at Lessee's sole cost and expense) with all Applicable Requirements (as
defined in Paragraph 6.3). "REPORTABLE USE" shall mean (i) the installation or
use of any above or below ground storage tank, (ii) the generation, possession,
storage, use, transportation, or disposal of a Hazardous Substance that requires
a permit from, or with respect to which a report, notice, registration or
business plan is required to be filed with, any governmental authority, and
(iii) the presence in, on or about the Premises of a Hazardous Substance with
respect to which any Applicable Laws require that a notice be given to persons
entering or occupying the Premises or neighbouring properties. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Lessee may, without Lessor's prior consent, but upon notice to
Lessor and in compliance with all Applicable Requirements, use any ordinary and
customary materials reasonably required to be used by Lessee in the normal
course of the Permitted Use, so long as such use is not a Reportable Use and
does not expose the Premises or neighboring properties to any meaningful risk of
contamination or damage or expose Lessor to any liability therefor. In addition,
Lessor may (but without any obligation to do so) condition its consent to any
Reportable Use of any Hazardous Substance by Lessee upon Lessee's giving Lessor
such additional assurances as Lessor, in its reasonable discretion, deems
necessary to protect itself, the public, the Premises and the environment
against damage, contamination or injury and/or liability therefor, including but
not limited to the installation (and, at Lessor's option, removal on or before
Lease expiration or earlier termination) of reasonably necessary protective
modifications to the Premises (such as concrete encasements) and/or the deposit
of an additional Security Deposit under Paragraph 5 hereof.

              (b) DUTY TO INFORM LESSOR. If Lessee knows, or has reasonable
cause to believe, that a Hazardous Substance has come to be located in, on,
under or about the Premises or the Building, other than as previously consented
to by Lessor, Lessee shall immediately give Lessor written notice thereof,
together with a copy of any statement, report, notice, registration,
application, permit, business plan, license, claim, action, or proceeding given
to, or received from, any governmental authority or private party concerning the
presence, spill, release, discharge of, or exposure to, such Hazardous Substance
including but not limited to all such documents as may be involved in any
Reportable Use involving the Premises. Lessee shall not cause or permit any
Hazardous Substance to be spilled or released in, on, under or about the
Premises (including, without limitation, through the plumbing or sanitary sewer
system).

              (c) INDEMNIFICATION. Lessee shall indemnify, protect, defend and
hold Lessor, its agents, employees, lenders and ground lessor, if any, and the
Premises, harmless from and against any and all damages, liabilities, judgments,
costs, claims, liens, expenses, penalties, loss of permits and attorneys' and
consultants' fees arising out of or involving any Hazardous Substance brought
onto the Premises by or for Lessee or by anyone under Lessee's control. Lessee's
obligations under this Paragraph 6.2(c) shall include, but not be limited to,
the effects of any contamination or injury to person, property or the
environment created or suffered by Lessee, and the cost of investigation
(including consultants' and attorneys' lees and testing), removal, remediation,
restoration and/or abatement thereof, or of any contamination therein involved,
and shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. No
termination, cancellation or release agreement entered into by Lessor and Lessee
shall release Lessee from its obligations under this Lease with respect to
Hazardous Substances, unless specifically so agreed by Lessor in writing at the
time of such agreement.

     6.3      LESSEE'S COMPLIANCE WITH REQUIREMENTS. Lessee shall, at
Lessee's sole cost and expense, fully, diligently and in a timely manner, comply
with all "APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS," which term is used in this Lease to mean all
laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, directives, covenants, easements and
restrictions of record, permits, the requirements of any applicable fire
insurance underwriter or rating bureau, and the recommendations of Lessor's
engineers and/or consultants, relating in any manner to the Premises (including
but not limited to matters pertaining to (i) industrial hygiene, (ii)
environmental conditions on, in, under or about the Premises, including soil and
groundwater conditions, and (iii) the use, generation, manufacture, production,
installation, maintenance, removal, transportation, storage, spill, or release
of any Hazardous Substance), now in effect or which may hereafter come into
effect. Lessee shall, within live (5) days after receipt of Lessor's written
request, provide Lessor with copies of all documents and information, including
but not limited to permits, registrations, manifests, applications, reports and
certificates, evidencing Lessee's compliance with any Applicable Requirements
specified by Lessor, and shall immediately upon receipt, notify Lessor in
writing (with copies of any documents involved) of any threatened or actual
claim, notice, citation, warning, complaint or report pertaining to or involving
failure by Lessee or the Premises to comply with any Applicable Requirements.

     6.4      INSPECTION; COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. Lessor, Lessor's agents,
employees, contractors and designated representatives, and the holders of any
mortgages, deeds of trust or ground leases on the Premises ("LENDERS") shall
have the right to enter the Premises with prior notice at reasonable times, for
the purpose of inspecting the condition of the Premises and for verifying
compliance by Lessee with this Lease and all Applicable Requirements (as defined
in Paragraph 6.3), and Lessor shall be entitled to employ experts and/or
consultants in connection therewith to advise Lessor with respect to Lessee's
activities, including but not limited to Lessee's installation, operation, use,
monitoring, maintenance, or removal of any Hazardous Substance on or from the
Premises. The costs and expenses of any such inspections shall be paid by the
party requesting same, unless a Default or Breach of this Lease by Lessee or a
violation of Applicable Requirements or a contamination, caused or materially
contributed to by Lessee, is found to exist or to be imminent, or unless the
inspection is requested or ordered by a governmental authority as the result of
any such existing or imminent violation or contamination. In such case, Lessee
shall upon request reimburse Lessor or Lessor's Lender, as the case may be, for
the costs and expenses of such inspections. Lessor will give 24 hours prior
written notice when there is an important issue requiring Lessor or its agents
to enter the building.

7.   MAINTENANCE, REPAIRS, UTILITY INSTALLATIONS, TRADE FIXTURES AND
     ALTERATIONS.

     7.1      LESSEE'S OBLIGATIONS.

              (a) Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2.2 (Condition), 2.3
(Compliance with Covenants, Restrictions and Building Code), 7.2 (Lessor's
Obligations), 9 (Damage or Destruction), and 14 (Condemnation), Lessee shall, at
Lessee's sole cost and expense and at all times, keep the Premises and every
part thereof in good order, condition and repair. Including, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, all equipment or facilities specifically
serving the Premises, such as electrical, lighting facilities, boilers, fired or
unfired pressure vessels, fire hose connections if within the Premises,
fixtures, interior walls, interior surfaces of exterior walls, ceilings, floors,
windows, doors, plate glass, and skylights, but excluding any items which are
the responsibility of Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.2 below. Lessee, in keeping
the Premises in good order, condition and repair, shall exercise and perform
good maintenance practices. Lessee's obligations shall include restorations,
replacements or renewals when necessary to keep the Premises and all
improvements thereon or a part thereof in good order, condition and state of
repair.

              (b) If Lessee fails to perform Lessee's obligations under this
Paragraph 7.1, Lessor may enter upon the Premises after ten (10) days' prior
written notice to Lessee (except in the case of an emergency, in which case no
notice shall be required), perform such obligations on Lessee's behalf, and put
the Premises in good order, condition and repair, in accordance with Paragraph
13.2 below.

     7.2      LESSOR'S OBLIGATIONS. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs
2.2(Condition), 2.3 (Compliance with Covenants, Restrictions and Building Code),
4.2 (Common Area Operating Expenses), 6 (Use), 7.1 (Lessee's Obligations), 9
(Damage or Destruction) and 14 (Condemnation), Lessor, subject to reimbursement
pursuant to Paragraph 4.2, shall keep in good order, condition and repair the
foundations, exterior walls, structural condition of interior bearing walls,
exterior rool, fire sprinkler and/or standpipe and hose (if located in the
Common Areas) or other automatic fire extinguishing system including fire alarm
and/or smoke detection

                                                         Initials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                  --------------

<PAGE>

systems and equipment, fire hydrants, parking lots, walkways, pathways,
driveways, landscaping, fences, signs and utility systems serving the Common
Areas and all parts thereof, as well as providing the services for which there
is a Common Area Operating Expense pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Lessor shall not
be obligated to paint the exterior or interior surfaces of exterior walls nor
shall Lessor be obligated to maintain, repair or replace windows, doors or plate
glass of the Premises. Lessee expressly waives the benefit of any statue now or
hereafter in effect which would otherwise afford Lessee the right to make
repairs at Lessor's expense or to terminate this Lease because of Lessor's
failure to keep the Building, Industrial Center or Common Areas in good order,
condition and repair.

     7.3      UTILITY INSTALLATIONS, TRADE FIXTURES, ALTERATIONS.

              (a) DEFINITIONS: CONSENT REQUIRED. The term "UTILITY
INSTALLATIONS" is used in this Lease to refer to all air lines, power panels,
electrical distribution, security, fire protection systems, communications
systems, lighting fixtures, heating, ventilating and air conditioning equipment,
plumbing, and fencing in, on or about the Premises. The term "TRADE FIXTURES"
shall mean Lessee's machinery and equipment which can be removed without doing
material damage to the Premises. The term "ALTERATIONS" shall mean any
modification of the improvements on the Premises which are provided by Lessor
under the terms of this Lease. other than Utility Installations or Trade
Fixtures. "LESSEE-OWNED ALTERATIONS AND/OR UTILITY INSTALLATIONS" are defined as
Alterations and/or Utility Installations made by Lessee that are not yet owned
by Lessor pursuant to Paragraph 7.4(a). Lessee shall not make nor cause to be
made any Alterations or Utility Installations in, on, under or about the
Premises without Lessor's prior written consent.

              (b) CONSENT. Any Alterations or Utility Installations that Lessee
shall desire to make and which require the consent of the Lessor shall be
presented to Lessor in written form with detailed plans. All consents given by
Lessor, whether by virtue of Paragraph 7.3(a) or by subsequent specific consent,
shall be deemed conditioned upon: (i) Lessee's acquiring all applicable permits
required by governmental authorities; (ii) the furnishing of copies of such
permits together with a copy of the plans and specifications for the Alteration
or Utility Installation to Lessor prior to commencement of the work thereon; and
(iii) the compliance by Lessee with all conditions of said permits in a prompt
and expeditious manner. Any Alterations or Utility Installations by Lessee
during the term of this Lease shall be done in a good and workmanlike manner;
with good and sufficient materials, and be in compliance with all Applicable
Requirements. Lessee shall promptly upon completion thereof furnish Lessor with
built plans and specifications therefor. Lessor may, (but without obligation to
do so) condition its consent to any requested Alteration or Utility Installation
that costs $2,500.00 or more upon Lessee's providing Lessor with a lien and
completion bond in an amount equal to one and one-half times the estimated cost
of such Alteration or Utility Installation.

              (c) LIEN PROTECTION. Lessee shall pay when due all claims for
labor or materials furnished or alleged to have been furnished to or for Lessee
at or for use on the Premises, which claims are or may be secured by any
mechanic's or materialmen's lien against the Premises or any interest therein.
Lessee shall give Lessor not less than ten (10) days' notice prior to the
commencement of any work in, on, or about the Premises, and Lessor shall have
the right to post notices of non-responsibility in or on the Premises as
provided by law. If Lessee shall, in good faith, contest the validity of any ***
lien, claim or demand, then Lessee shall, at its sole expense, defend and
protect itself, Lessor and the Premises against the same and shall pay and
satisfy any such adverse judgment that may be rendered thereon before the
enforcement thereof against the Lessor or the Premises. If Lessor shall require,
Lessee shall furnish to Lessor a surely bond satisfactory to Lessor in an amount
equal to one and one-half times the amount of such contested lien claim or
demand, indemnifying Lessor against liability for the same, as required by law
for the holding of the Premises free from the effect of such lien or claim. In
addition, Lessor may require Lessee to pay Lessor's attorneys' fees and costs in
participating in such action if Lessor shall decide it is to its best interest
to do so.

     7.4      OWNERSHIP, REMOVAL, SURRENDER, AND RESTORATION.

              (a) OWNERSHIP. Subject to Lessor's right to require their removal
and to cause Lessee to become the owner thereof as hereinafter provided in this
Paragraph 7.4, all Alterations and Utility Installations made to the Premises by
Lessee shall be the property of and owned by Lessee, but considered a part of
the Premises. Lessor may, at any time and at its option, elect in writing to
Lessee to be the owner of all or any specified part of the Lessee-Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations. Unless otherwise instructed per
Subparagraph 7.4(b) hereof, all Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations shall, at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease,
become the property of Lessor and remain upon the Premises and be surrendered
with the Premises by Lessee.

              (b) REMOVAL. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Lessor may
require that any or all Lessee Owned Alterations or Utility Installations be
removed by the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, notwithstanding
that their installation may have been consented to by Lessor. Lessor may require
the removal at any time of all or any part of any Alterations or Utility
Installations made without the required consent of Lessor.

              (c) SURRENDER/RESTORATION. Lessee shall surrender the Premises by
the end of the last day of the Lease term or any earlier termination date, clean
and free of debris and in good operating order, condition and state of repair,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Ordinary wear and tear shall not include any
damage or deterioration that would have been prevented by good maintenance
practice or by Lessee performing all of its obligations under this Lease. Except
as otherwise agreed or specified herein, the Premises, as surrendered, shall
include the Alterations and Utility Installations. The obligation of Lessee
shall include the repair of any damage occasioned by the installation,
maintenance or removal of Lessee's Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment, and
Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, as well as the removal of
any storage tank installed by or for Lessee, and the removal replacement, or
remediation of any soil, material or ground water contaminated by Lessee, all as
may then be required by Applicable Requirements and/or good practice. Lessee's
Trade Fixtures shall remain the property of Lessee and shall be removed by
Lessee subject to its obligation to repair and restore the Premises per this
Lease Lessor shall, if requested by Lessee prior to commencement of any future
tenant improvements, provide a written decision regarding whether or not that
tenant improvement will need to be removed and the building restored to its
original condition by lessee, at lessee's expense, when the building is
surrendered back to the lessor.

8.   INSURANCE; INDEMNITY.

     8.1      PAYMENT OF PREMIUM INCREASES.

              (a) As used herein, the term "INSURANCE COST INCREASE" is defined
as any increase in the actual cost of the insurance applicable to the Building
and required to be carried by Lessor pursuant to Paragraphs 8.2(b). 8.3(a) and
8.3(b). ("REQUIRED INSURANCE"), over and above the Base Premium as hereinafter
defined, calculated on an annual basis. "Insurance Cost Increase" shall include,
but not be limited to, requirements of the holder of a mortgage or deed of trust
covering the Premises, increased valuation of the Premises, and/or a general
premium rate increase. The term "Insurance Cost Increase" shall not, however,
include any premium increases resulting from the nature of the occupancy of any
other lessee of the Building. If the parties insert a dollar amount in Paragraph
1.9, such amount shall be considered the "BASE PREMIUM." If a dollar amount has
not been inserted in Paragraph 1.9 and if the Building has been previously
occupied during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the
Commencement Date, the "Base Premium" shall be the annual premium applicable to
such twelve (12) month period. If the Building was not fully occupied during
such twelve (12) month period, the "Base Premium" shall be the lowest annual
premium reasonably obtainable for the Required Insurance as of the Commencement
Date, assuming the most nominal use possible of the Building. In no event,
however, shall Lessee be responsible for any portion of the premium cost
attributable to liability insurance coverage in excess of $1,000,000 procured
under Paragraph 8.2(b).

              (b) Lessee shall pay any Insurance Cost Increase to Lessor
pursuant to Paragraph 4.2. Premiums for policy periods commencing prior to, or
extending beyond, the term of this Lease shall be prorated to coincide with the
corresponding Commencement Date or Expiration Date.

     8.2      LIABILITY INSURANCE.

              (a) CARRIED BY LESSEE. Lessee shall obtain and keep in force
during the term of this Lease a Commercial General Liability policy of insurance
protecting Lessee, Lessor and any Lender(s) whose names have been provided to
Lessee in writing (as additional insureds) against claims for bodily injury,
personal injury and property damage based upon, involving or arising out of the
ownership, use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises and all areas
appurtenant thereto. Such insurance shall be on an occurrence basis providing
single limit coverage in an amount not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence with
an "Additional Insured-Managers or Lessors of Premises" endorsement and contain
the "Amendment of the Pollution Exclusion" endorsement for damage caused by
heal, smoke or fumes from a hostile lire. The policy shall not contain any
intra-insured exclusions as between insured persons or organizations, but shall
include coverage for liability assumed under this Lease as an "INSURED CONTRACT"
for the performance of Lessee's indemnity obligations under this Lease. The
limits of said insurance required by this Lease or as carried by Lessee shall
not, however, limit the liability of Lessee not relieve Lessee of any obligation
hereunder. All insurance to be carried by Lessee shall be primary to and not
contributory with any similar insurance carried by Lessor, whose insurance shall
be considered excess insurance only.

              (b) CARRIED BY LESSOR, Lessor shall also maintain liability
insurance described in Paragraph 8.2(a) above, in addition to and not in lieu
of, the insurance required to be maintained by Lessee. Lessee shall not be named
as an additional insured therein.

     8.3      PROPERTY INSURANCE-BUILDING, IMPROVEMENTS AND RENTAL VALUE.

              (a) BUILDING AND IMPROVEMENTS. Lessor shall obtain and keep in
force during the term of this Lease a policy or policies in the name of Lessor,
with loss payable to Lessor and to any Lender(s), insuring against loss or
damage to the Premises. Such insurance shall be for full replacement cost, as
the same shall exist from time to time, or the amount required by any Lender(s),
but in no event more than the commercially reasonable and available insurable
value thereof if, by reason of the unique nature or age of the improvements
involved, such latter amount is less than full replacement cost. Lessee-Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures and Lessee's personal
property shall be insured by Lessee pursuant to Paragraph 8.4. If the coverage
is available and commercially appropriate, Lessor's policy or policies shall
insure against all risks of direct physical loss or damage (except the perils of
flood and/or earthquake unless required by a Lender or included in the Base
Premium), including coverage for any additional costs resulting from debris
removal and reasonable amounts of coverage for the enforcement of any ordinance
or law regulating the reconstruction or replacement of any undamaged sections of
the Building required to be demolished or removed by reason of the enforcement
of any building, zoning, safety or land use laws as the result of a covered
loss, but not including plate glass insurance. Said policy or policies shall
also contain an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any co-insurance clause,
waiver of subrogation, and inflation guard protection causing an increase in the
annual property insurance coverage amount by a factor of not less than the
adjusted U.S. Department of Labor Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers
for the city nearest to where the Premises are located.

              (b) RENTAL VALUE. Lessor shall also obtain and keep in force
during the term of this Lease a policy or policies in the name of Lessor, with
loss payable to Lessor and any Lender(s), insuring the loss of the full rental
and other charges payable by all lessees of the Building to Lessor for one year
(including all Real Property Taxes, insurance costs, all Common Area Operating
Expenses and any scheduled rental increases). Said insurance may provide that in
the event the Lease is terminated by reason of an insured loss, the period of
indemnity for such coverage shall be extended beyond the date of the completion
of repairs or replacement of the Premises, to provide for one full year's loss
of rental revenues from the date of any such loss. Said insurance shall contain
an agreed valuation provision in lieu of any co-insurance clause, and the amount
of coverage shall be adjusted annually to reflect the projected rental income,
Real Property Taxes, insurance premium costs and other expenses, if any,
otherwise payable, for the next 12-month period. Common Area Operating Expenses
shall include any deductible amount in the event of such loss.

              (c) ADJACENT PREMISES. Lessee shall pay for any increase in the
premiums for the property insurance of the Building and for the Common Areas or
other buildings in the Industrial Center it said increase is caused by Lessee's
acts, omissions, use or occupancy of the Premises.

                                                           Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                   -------------

<PAGE>

              (d) LESSEE'S IMPROVEMENTS. Since Lessor is the Insuring Party,
Lessor shall not be required to insure Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations unless the item in question has become the property of Lessor
under the terms of this Lease.

     8.4      LESSEE'S PROPERTY INSURANCE. Subject to the requirements of
Paragraph 8.5, Lessee at its cost shall either by separate policy or, at
Lessor's option, by endorsement to a policy already carried, maintain insurance
coverage on all of Lessee's personal property. Trade Fixtures and Lessee-Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations in, on, or about the Premises similar in
coverage to that carried by Lessor as the Insuring Party under Paragraph 8.3(a).
Such Insurance shall be full replacement cost coverage with a deductible not to
exceed $1,000 per occurrence. The proceeds from any such insurance shall be used
by Lessee for the replacement of personal property and the restoration of Trade
Fixtures and Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations. Upon request
from Lessor, Lessee shall provide Lessor with written evidence that such
insurance is in force.

     8.5      INSURANCE POLICIES. Insurance required hereunder shall be in
companies duly licensed to transact business in the state where the Premises are
located, and maintaining during the policy term a "General Policyholders Rating"
of at least B+, V, or such other rating as may be required by a Lender, as set
forth in the most current issue of "Best's Insurance Guide." Lessee shall not do
or permit to be done anything which shall invalidate the insurance policies
referred to in this Paragraph 8. Lessee shall cause to be delivered to Lessor,
within seven (7) days after the earlier of the Early Possession Date or the
Commencement Date, certified copies of, or certificates evidencing the existence
and amounts of, the insurance required under Paragraph 8.2(a) and 8.4. No such
policy shall be cancelable or subject to modification except after thirty (30)
days' prior written notice to Lessor. Lessee shall at least thirty (30) days
prior to the expiration of such policies, furnish Lessor with evidence of
renewals or "insurance binders" evidencing renewal thereof, or Lessor may order
such insurance and charge the cost thereof to Lessee, which amount shall be
payable by Lessee to Lessor upon demand.

     8.6      WAIVER OF SUBROGATION. Without affecting any other rights or
remedies, Lessee and Lessor each hereby release and relieve the other, and waive
their entire right to recover damages (whether in contract or in tort) against
the other, for loss or damage to their property arising out of or incident to
the perils required to be insured against under Paragraph 8. The effect of such
releases and waivers of the right to recover damages shall not be limited by the
amount of insurance carried or required, or by any deductibles applicable
thereto. Lessor and Lessee agree to have their respective insurance companies
issuing property damage insurance waive any right to subrogation that such
companies may have against Lessor or Lessee, as the case may be, so long as the
insurance is not invalidated thereby.

     8.7      INDEMNITY. Except for the neglegent acts of Lessor or Lessor's
agents, employees, contractors, customers or invites. Except for Lessor's
negligence and/or breach of express warranties, Lessee shall indemnify, protect,
defend and hold harmless the Premises, Lessor and its agents, Lessor's master or
ground lessor, partners and Lenders, from and against any and all claims, loss
of rents and/or damages, costs, liens, judgments, penalties, loss of permits,
attorneys' and consultants' fees, expenses and/or liabilities arising out of,
involving, or in connection with, the occupancy of the Premises by Lessee, the
conduct of Lessee's business, any act, omission or neglect of Lessee, its
agents, contractors, employees or invitees, and out of any Default or Breach by
Lessee in the performance in a timely manner of any obligation on Lessee's part
to be performed under this Lease. The foregoing shall include, but not be
limited to, the defense or pursuit of any claim or any action or proceeding
involved therein, and whether or not (in the case of claims made against Lessor)
litigated and/or reduced to judgment. In case any action or proceeding be
brought against Lessor by reason of any of the foregoing matters, Lessor shall
cooperate with Lessee in such defense. Lessor need not have first paid any such
claim in order to be so indemnified.

     8.8      EXEMPTION OF LESSOR FROM LIABILITY. Except for the neglegent acts
of Lessor or Lessor's agents, employees, contractors, customers or invites.
Lessor shall not be liable for injury or damage to the person or goods, wares,
merchandise or other property of Lessee, Lessee's employees, contractors,
invitees, customers, or any other person in or about the Premises, whether such
damage or injury is caused by or results from fire, steam, electricity, gas,
water or rain, or from the breakage, leakage, obstruction or other defects of
pipes, fire sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air conditioning or
lighting fixtures, or from any other cause, whether said injury or damage
results from conditions arising upon the Premises or upon other portions of the
Building of which the Premises are a part, from other sources or places, and
regardless of whether the cause of such damage or injury or the means of
repairing the same is accessible or not. Lessor shall not be liable for any
damages arising from any act or neglect of any other lessee of Lessor nor from
the failure by Lessor to enforce the provisions of any other lease in the
Industrial Center. Notwithstanding Lessor's negligence or breach of this Lease,
Lessor shall under no circumstances be liable for injury to Lessee's business or
for any loss of income or profit therefrom.

9.   DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION.

     9.1      DEFINITIONS.

              (a) "PREMISES PARTIAL DAMAGE" shall mean damage or destruction to
the Premises, other than Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, the
repair cost of which damage of destruction is less than fifty percent (50%) of
the then Replacement Cost (as defined in Paragraph 9.1(d) of the Premises
(excluding Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade
Fixtures) immediately prior to such damage or destruction.

              (b) "PREMISES TOTAL DESTRUCTION" shall mean damage or destruction
to the Premises, other than Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations,
the repair cost of which damage or destruction is fifty percent (50%) or more of
the then Replacement Cost of the Premises (excluding Lessee-Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures) immediately prior to such damage
or destruction. In addition, damage or destruction to the Building, other than
Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures of any
lessees of the Building, the cost of which damage or destruction is fifty
percent (50%) or more of the then Replacement Cost (excluding Lessee-Owned
Alterations and Utility Installations and Trade Fixtures of any lessees of the
Building) of the Building shall, at the option of Lessor, be deemed to be
Premises Total Destruction.

              (c) "INSURED LOSS" shall mean damage or destruction to the
Premises, other than Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility Installations and
Trade Fixtures, which was caused by an event required to be covered by the
insurance described in Paragraph 8.3(a) irrespective of any deductible amounts
or coverage limits involved.

              (d) "REPLACEMENT COST" shall mean the cost to repair or rebuild
the improvements owned by Lessor at the time of the occurrence to their
condition existing immediately prior thereto, including demolition, debris
removal and upgrading required by the operation of applicable building codes,
ordinances or laws, and without deduction for depreciation.

              (e) "HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE CONDITION" shall mean the occurrence or
discovery of a condition involving the presence of, or a contamination by, a
Hazardous Substance as defined in Paragraph 6.2(a), in, on, or under the
Premises.

     9.2      PREMISES PARTIAL DAMAGE--INSURED LOSS. If Premises Partial
Damage that is an Insured Loss occurs, then Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense,
repair such damage (but not Lessee's Trade Fixtures or Lessee-Owned Alterations
and Utility Installations) as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall
continue in full force and effect. In the event, however, that there is a
shortage of insurance proceeds and such shortage is due to the fact that, by
reason of the unique nature of the improvements in the Premises, full
replacement cost insurance coverage was not commercially reasonable and
available, Lessor shall have no obligation to pay for the shortage in insurance
proceeds or to fully restore the unique aspects of the Premises unless Lessee
provides Lessor with the funds to cover same, or adequate assurance thereof,
within ten (10) days following receipt of written notice of such shortage and
request therefor. If Lessor receives said funds or adequate assurance thereof,
within said ten (10) day period, Lessor shall complete them as soon as
reasonably possible and this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. If
Lessor does not receive such funds or assurance within said period, Lessor may
nevertheless elect by written notice to Lessee within ten (10) days thereafter
to make such restoration and repair as is commercially reasonable with Lessor
paying any shortage in proceeds, in which case this Lease shall remain in full
force and effect. If Lessor does not receive such funds or assurance within such
ten (10) day period, and if Lessor does not so elect to restore and repair, then
this Lease shall terminate sixty (60) days following the occurrence of the
damage or destruction. Unless otherwise agreed, Lessee shall in no event have
any right to reimbursement from Lessor for any funds contributed by Lessee to
repair any such damage or destruction. Premises Partial Damage due to flood or
earthquake shall be subject to Paragraph 9.3 rather than Paragraph 9.2,
notwithstanding that there may be some insurance coverage, but the net proceeds
of any such insurance shall be made available for the repairs if made by either
Party.

     9.3      PARTIAL DAMAGE--UNINSURED LOSS. If Premises Partial Damage
that is not an insured Loss occurs, unless caused by a negligent or willful act
of Lessee (in which event Lessee shall make the repairs at Lessee's expense and
this Lease shall continue in full force and effect), Lessor may at Lessor's
option, either (i) repair such damage as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor's
expense, In which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, or
(ii) give written notice to Lessee within thirty (30) days after receipt by
Lessor of knowledge of the occurrence of such damage of Lessor's desire to
terminate this Lease as of the date sixty (60) days following the date of such
notice. In the event Lessor elects to give such notice of Lessor's intention to
terminate this Lease, Lessee shall have the right within ten (10) days after the
receipt of such notice to give written notice to Lessor of Lessee's commitment
to pay for the repair of such damage totally at Lessee's expense and without
reimbursement from Lessor. Lessee shall provide Lessor with the required funds
or satisfactory assurance thereof within thirty (30) days following such
commitment from Lessee. In such event this Lease shall continue in full force
and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such repairs as soon as reasonably
possible after the required funds are available. If Lessee does not give such
notice and provide the funds or assurance thereof within the times specified
above, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor's notice of
termination.

     9.4      TOTAL DESTRUCTION. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof,
if Premises Total Destruction occurs (including any destruction required by any
authorized public authority), this Lease shall terminate sixty (60) days
following the date of such Premises Total Destruction, whether or not the damage
or destruction is an Insured Loss or was caused by a negligent or willful act of
Lessee. In the event, however, that the damage or destruction was caused by
Lessee, Lessor shall have the right to recover Lessor's damages from Lessee
except as released and waived in Paragraph 9.7.

     9.5      DAMAGE NEAR END OF TERM. If at any time during the last six
(6) months of the term of this Lease there is damage for which the cost to
repair exceeds one month's Base Rent, whether or not an insured Loss, Lessor
may, at Lessor's option, terminate this Lease effective sixty (60) days
following the date of occurrence of such damage by giving written notice to
Lessee of Lessor's election to do so within thirty (30) days after the date of
occurrence of such damage. Provided, however, if Lessee at that time has an
exercisable option to extend this Lease or to purchase the Premises, then Lessee
may preserve this Lease by (a) exercising such option, and (b) providing Lessor
with any shortage in insurance proceeds (or adequate assurance thereof) needed
to make the repairs on or before the earlier of (i) the date which is ten (10)
days after Lessee's receipt of Lessor's written notice purporting to terminate
this Lease, or (ii) the day prior to the date upon which such option expires. If
Lessee duty exercises such option during such period and provides Lessor with
funds (or adequate assurance thereof) to cover any shortage in insurance
proceeds, Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense repair such damage as soon as
reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If
Lessee fails to exercise such option and provide such funds or assurance during
such period, then this Lease shall terminate as of the date set forth in the
first sentence of this Paragraph 9.5.

     9.6      ABATEMENT OF RENT; LESSEE'S REMEDIES.

              (a) In the event of (i) Premises Partial Damage or (ii) Hazardous
Substance Condition for which Lessee is not legally responsible, the Base Rent,
Common Area Operating Expenses and other charges, if any, payable by Lessee
hereunder for the period during which such damage or condition, its repair,
remediation or restoration continues, shall be abated in proportion to the
degree to which Lessee's use of the Premises is impaired, but not in excess of
proceeds from insurance required to be carried under Paragraph 8.3(b). Except
for abatement of Base Rent, Common Area Operating Expenses and other charges, if
any, as aforesaid, all other obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be performed
by Lessee, and Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor for any damage suffered
by reason of any such damage, destruction, repair, remediation or restoration.

                                                        Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                ----------------

<PAGE>

              (b) If Lessor shall be obligated to repair or restore the Premises
under the provisions of this Paragraph 9 and shall not commence. In a
substantial and meaningful way, the repair or restoration of the Premises within
ninety (90) days alter such obligation shall accrue. Lessee may, at any time
prior to the commencement of such repair or restoration, give written notice to
Lessor and to any Lenders of which Lessee has actual notice of Lessee's election
to terminate this Lease on a date not less than sixty (60) days following the
giving of such notice. If Lessee gives such notice to Lessor and such Lendors
and such repair or restoration is not commenced within thirty (30) days after
receipt of such notice, this Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in
said notice. If Lessor or a Lender commences the repair or restoration of the
Premises within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice, this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect "Commence" as used in this Paragraph 9.6
shall mean either the unconditional authorization of the preparation of the
required plans, or the beginning of the actual work on the Premises, whichever
occurs first.

     9.7      HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE CONDITIONS : If a Hazardous Substance
Condition occurs, unless Lessee is legally responsible therefor (in which case
Lessee shall make the investigation and remediation thereof required by
Applicable Requirements and this Lease shall continue in full force and effect,
but subject to Lessor's rights under Paragraph 6.2(c) and Paragraph 13), Lessor
may at Lessor's option either (i) investigate and remediate such Hazardous
Substance Condition, if required, as soon as reasonably possible at Lessor's
expense, in which event this Lease shall continue in full force and effect, or
(ii) if the estimated cost to investigate and remediate such condition exceeds
twelve (12) times the then monthly Base Rent or $100,000 whichever is greater,
give written notice to Lessee within thirty (30) days after receipt by Lessor of
knowledge of the occurrence of such Hazardous Substance Condition of Lessor's
desire to terminate this Lease as of the date sixty (60) days following the date
of such notice. In the event Lessor elects to give such notice of Lessor's
intention to terminate this Lease, Lessee shall have the right within ten (10)
days after the receipt of such notice to give written notice to Lessor of
Lessee's commitment to pay for the excess costs of (a) Investigation and
remediation of such Hazardous Substance Condition to the extent required by
Applicable Requirements, over (b) an amount equal to twelve (12) times the then
monthly Base Rent or $100,000, whichever is greater. Lessee shall provide Lessor
with the funds required of Lessee or satisfactory assurance thereof within
thirty (30) days following said commitment by Lessee. In such event this Lease
shall continue in full force and effect, and Lessor shall proceed to make such
investigation and remediation as soon as reasonably possible after the required
funds are available. If Lessee does not give such notice and provide the
required funds or assurance thereof within the time period specified above, this
Lease shall terminate as of the date specified in Lessor's notice of
termination.

     9.8      TERMINATION--ADVANCE PAYMENTS. Upon termination of this Lease
pursuant to this Paragraph 9, Lessor shall return to Lessee any advance payment
made by Lessee to Lessor and so much of Lessee's Security Deposit as has not
been, or is not then required to be, used by Lessor under the terms of this
Lease.

     9.9      WALVER OF STATUTES. Lessor and Lessee agree that the terms of
this Lease shall govern the effect of any damage to or destruction of the
Premises and the Building with respect to the termination of this Lease and
hereby waive the provisions of any present or future statute to the extent it is
inconsistent herewith.

10.  REAL PROPERTY TAXES.

     10.1     PAYMENT OF TAXES. Lessor shall pay the Real Property Taxes, as
defined in Paragraph 10.2(a), applicable to the Industrial Center, and except as
otherwise provided in Paragraph 10.3, any increases in such amounts over the
Base Real Property Taxes shall be included in the calculation of Common Area
Operating Expenses in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 4.2.

     10.2     REAL PROPERTY TAX DEFINITIONS.

              (a) As used herein, the term "REAL PROPERTY TAXES" shall include
any form of real estate tax or assessment, general, special, ordinary or
extraordinary, and any license fee, commercial rental tax, improvement bond or
bonds, levy or lax (other than inheritance, personal income or estate taxes)
imposed upon the Industrial Center by any authority having the direct or
indirect power to tax, including any city, state or federal government, or any
school, agricultural, sanitary, fire, street, drainage, or other improvement
district thereof, levied against any legal or equitable interest of Lessor in
the Industrial Center or any portion thereof, Lessor's right to rent or other
income therefrom, and/or Lessor's business of leasing the Premises. The term
"Real Property Taxes" shall also include any tax, fee, levy, assessment or
charge, or any increase therein, imposed by reason of events occurring, or
changes in Applicable Law taking effect, during the term of this Lease,
including but not limited to a change in the ownership of the Industrial Center
or in the improvements thereon, the execution of this Lease, or any
modification, amendment or transfer thereof, and whether or not contemplated by
the Parties.

              (b) As used herein, the term "BASE REAL PROPERTY TAXES" shall be
the amount of Real Property Taxes, which are assessed against the Premises,
Building or Common Areas in the calendar year during which the Lease is
executed. In calculating Real Property Taxes for any calendar year, the Real
Property Taxes for any real estate tax year shall be included in the calculation
of Real Property Taxes for such calendar year based upon the number of days
which such calendar year and tax year have in common.

     10.3     ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS. Common Area Operating Expenses shall
not include Real Property Taxes specified in the tax assessor's records and work
sheets as being caused by additional improvements placed upon the Industrial
Center by other lessees or by Lessor for the exclusive enjoyment of such other
lessees. Notwithstanding Paragraph 10.1 hereof, Lessee shall, however, pay to
Lessor at the time Common Area Operating Expenses are payable under Paragraph
4.2, the entirety of any increase in Real Property Taxes if assessed solely by
reason of Alterations, Trade Fixtures or Utility Installations placed upon the
Premises by Lessee or at Lessee's request.

     10.4     JOINT ASSESSMENT. If the Building is not separately assessed,
Real Property Taxes allocated to the Building shall be an equitable proportion
of the Real Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within
the tax parcel assessed, such proportion to be determined by Lessor from the
respective valuations assigned in the assessor's work sheets or such other
information as may be reasonably available. Lessor's reasonable determination
thereof, in good faith, shall be conclusive.

     10.5     LESSEE'S PROPERTY TAXES. Lessee shall pay prior to delinquency
all taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property
of Lessee contained in the Premises or stored within the Industrial Center. When
possible, Lessee shall cause its Lessee-Owned Alterations and Utility
Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all other personal
property to be assessed and billed separately from the real property of Lessor
If any of Lessee's said property shall be assessed with Lessor's real property,
Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes attributable to Lessee's property within ten
(10) days after receipt of a written statement setting forth the taxes
applicable to Lessee's property.

11.  UTILITIES. Lessee shall pay directly for all utilities and services
supplied to the Premises, including but not limited to electricity, telephone,
security, gas and cleaning of the Premises, together with any taxes thereon. If
any such utilities or services are not separately metered to the Premises or
separately billed to the Premises, Lessee shall pay to Lessor a reasonable
proportion to be determined by Lessor of all such charges jointly metered or
billed with other premises in the Building, in the manner and within the time
periods set forth in Paragraph 4.2(d).

12.  ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

     12.1     LESSOR'S CONSENT REQUIRED.

              (a) Lessee shall not voluntarily or by operation of law assign,
transfer, mortgage or otherwise transfer or encumber (collectively, "assign") or
sublet all or any part of Lessee's interest in this Lease or in the Premises
without Lessor's prior written consent given under and subject to the terms of
Paragraph 36.

              (b) A change in the control of Lessee shall constitute an
assignment requiring Lessor's consent. The transfer, on a cumulative basis, of
twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the voting control of Lessee shall
constitute a change in control for this purpose.

              (c) The Involvement of Lessee or its assets in any transaction, or
series of transactions (by way of merger, sale, acquisition, financing,
refinancing, transfer, leveraged buy-out or otherwise), whether or not a formal
assignment or hypothecation of this Lease or Lessee's assets occurs, which
results or will result a reduction of the Net Worth of Lessee, as hereinafter
defined, by an amount equal to or greater than twenty-five percent (25%) of such
Net Worth of Lessee as I was represented to Lessor at the time of full execution
and delivery of this Lease or at the time of the most recent assignment to which
Lessor has consented, or as it exists immediately prior to said transaction or
transactions constituting such reduction, at whichever time said Net Worth of
Lessee was or is greater, shall be considered an assignment of this Lease by
Lessee to which Lessor may reasonably withhold its consent. "NET WORTH OF
LESSEE" for purposes of this Lease shall be the net worth of Lessee (excluding
any Guarantors) established under generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied.

              (d) An assignment or subletting of Lessee's interest in this Lease
without Lessor's specific prior written consent shall, at Lessor's option, be a
Default curable after notice per Paragraph 13.1, or a non-curable Breach
without the necessity of any notice and grace period. If Lessor elects to treat
such unconsented assignment or subletting as a non-curable Breach, Lessor
shall have the right to either: (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) upon thirty
(30) days written notice ("LESSOR'S NOTICE"), increase the monthly Base Rent for
the Premises to the greater of the then fair market rental value of the
Premises, as reasonably determined by Lessor, or one hundred ten percent (110%)
of the Base Rent then in effect. Pending determination of the new fair market
rental value, if disputed by Lessee, Lessee shall pay the amount set forth in
Lessor's Notice, with any overpayment credited against the next installment(s)
of Base Rent coming due, and any underpayment for the period retroactively to
the effective date of the adjustment being due and payable immediately upon the
determination thereof. Further, in the event of such Breach and rental
adjustment, (i) the purchase price of any option to purchase the Premises held
by Lessee shall be subject to similar adjustment to the then fair market value
as reasonably determined by Lessor (without the Lease being considered an
encumbrance or any deduction for depreciation or obsolescence, and considering
the Premises as its highest and best use and in good condition) or one hundred
ten percent (110%) of the price previously in effect, (ii) any index-oriented
rental or price adjustment formulas contained in this Lease shall be adjusted to
require that the base Index be determined with reference to the index applicable
to the time of such adjustment, and (iii) and fixed rental adjustments scheduled
during the remainder of the Lease term shall be increased in the same ratio as
the new rental bears to the Base Rent in effect immediately prior to the
adjustment specified in Lessor's Notice.

              (e) Lessee's remedy for any breach of this Paragraph 12.1 by
Lessor shall be limited to compensatory damages and/or injunctive relief.

     12.2     TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.

              (a) Regardless of Lessor's consent, any assignment or subletting
shall not (i) be effective without the express written assumption by such
assignee or sublessee of the obligations of Lessee under this Lease, (ii)
release Lessee of any obligations hereunder, nor (iii) alter the primary
liability of Lessee for the payment of Base Rent and other sums due Lessor
hereunder or for the performance of any other obligations to be performed by
Lessee under this Lease.

              (b) Lessor may accept any rent or performance of Lessee's
obligations from any person other than Lessee pending approval or disapproval of
an assignment. Neither a delay in the approval or disapproval of such assignment
nor the acceptance of any rent for performance shall constitute a waiver or
estoppel of Lessor's right to exercise its remedies for the Default or Breach by
Lessee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Lease.

              (c) The consent of Lessor to any assignment or subletting shall
not constitute a consent to any subsequent assignment or subletting by Lessee or
to any subsequent or successive assignment or subletting by the assignee or
sublessee. However, Lessor may consent to subsequent sublettings and assignments
of the sublease or any amendments or modifications thereto without notifying
Lessee or anyone else liable under this Lease or the sublease and without
obtaining their consent, and such action shall not relieve such persons from
liability under this Lease or the sublease.

                                                         Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                 ---------------

<PAGE>

              (d) In the event of any Default or Breach of Lessee's obligation
under this Lease, Lessor may proceed directly against Lessee, any Guarantors or
anyone else responsible for the performance of the Lessee's obligations under
this Lease, including any sublessee, without first exhausting Lessor's remedies
against any other person or entity responsible therefor to Lessor, or any
security held by Lessor.

              (e) Each request for consent to an assignment or subletting shall
be in writing, accompanied by information relevant to Lessor's determination as
to the financial and operational responsibility and appropriateness of the
proposed assignee or sublessee, Including but not limited to the Intended use
and/or required modification of the Premises, If any, together with a
non-refundable deposit of $1,000 or ten percent (10%) of the monthly Base Rent
applicable to the portion of the Premises which is the subject of the proposed
assignment or sublease, whichever is greater, as reasonable consideration for
Lessor's considering and processing the request for consent. Lessee agrees to
provide Lessor with such other or additional information and/or documentation as
may be reasonably requested by Lessor.

              (f) Any assignee of, or sublessee under, this Lease shall, by
reason of accepting such assignment or entering into such sublease, be deemed,
for the benefit of Lessor, to have assumed and agreed to conform and comply with
each and every term, covenant, condition and obligation herein to be observed or
performed by Lessee during the term of said assignment or sublease, other than
such obligations as are contrary to or inconsistent with provisions of an
assignment or sublease to which Lessor has specifically consented in writing.

              (g) The occurrence of a transaction described in Paragraph 12.2(c)
shall give Lessor the right (but not the obligation) to require that the
Security Deposit be Increased by an amount equal to six (6) times the then
monthly Base Rent, and Lessor may make the actual receipt by Lessor of the
Security Deposit Increase a condition to Lessor's consent to such transaction.

              (h) Lessor, as a condition to giving its consent to any assignment
or subletting, may require that the amount and adjustment schedule of the rent
payable under this Lease be adjusted to what is then the market value and/or
adjustment schedule for property similar to the Premises as then constituted, as
determined by Lessor. See Paragraph # 49.c

     12.3     ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SUBLETTING. The
following terms and conditions shall apply to any subletting by Lessee of all or
any part of the Premises and shall be deemed Included in all subleases under
this Lease whether or not expressly incorporated therein:

              (a) Lessee hereby assigns and transfers to Lessor all of Lessee's
interest in all rentals and income arising from any sublease of all or a portion
of the Premises heretofore or hereafter made by Lessee, and Lessor may collect
such rent and income and apply same toward Lessee's obligations under this
Lease; provided, however, that until a Breach (as defined in Paragraph 13.1)
shall occur in the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease, Lessee
may, except as otherwise provided In this Lease, receive, collect and enjoy the
rents accruing under such sublease. Lessor shall not, by reason of the foregoing
provision or any other assignment of such sublease to Lessor, nor by reason of
the collection of the rents from a sublessee, be deemed liable to the sublessee
for any failure of Lessee to perform and comply with any of Lessee's obligations
to such sublessee under such Sublease. Lessee hereby Irrevocably authorizes and
directs any such sublessee, upon receipt of a written notice from Lessor stating
that a Breach exists in the performance of Lessee's obligations under this
Lease, to pay to Lessor the rents and other charges due and to become due under
the sublease. Sublessee shall rely upon any such statement and request from
Lessor and shall pay such rents and other charges to Lessor without any
obligation or right to inquire as to whether such Breach exists and
notwithstanding any notice from or claim from Lessee to the contrary. Lessee
shall have no right or claim against such sublessee, or, until the Breach has
been cured, against Lessor, for any such rents and other charges so paid by said
sublessee to Lessor.

              (b) In the event of a Breach by Lessee in the performance of its
obligations under this Lease, Lessor, at its option and without any obligation
to do so, may require any sublessee to attorn to Lessor, in which event Lessor
shall undertake the obligations of the sublessor under such sublease from the
time of the exercise of said option to the expiration of such sublease;
provided, however, Lessor shall not be liable for any prepaid rents or security
deposit paid by such sublessee to such sublessor or for any other prior defaults
or breaches of such sublessor under such sublease.

              (c) Any matter or thing requiring the consent of the sublessor
under a sublease shall also require the consent of Lessor herein.

              (d) No sublessee under a sublease approved by Lessor shall further
assign or sublet all or any part of the Premises without Lessor's prior written
consent.

              (e) Lessor shall deliver a copy of any notice of Default or Breach
by Lessee to the sublessee, who shall have the right to cure the Default of
Lessee within the grace period, if any, specified in such notice. The sublessee
shall have a right of reimbursement and offset from and against Lessee for any
such Defaults cured by the sublessee.

13.  DEFAULT; BREACH; REMEDIES.

     13.1     DEFAULT; BREACH. Lessor and Lessee agree that if an attorney
is consulted by Lessor in connection with a Lessee Default or Breach (as
hereinafter defined), $250.00 is a reasonable minimum sum per such occurrence
for legal services and costs in the preparation and service of a notice of
Default, and that Lessor may include the cost of such services and costs in said
notice as rent due and payable to cure said default. A "DEFAULT" by Lessee is
defined as a failure by Lessee to observe, comply with or perform any of the
terms, covenants, conditions or rules applicable to Lessee under this Lease. A
"BREACH" by Lessee is defined as the occurrence of any one or more of the
following Defaults, and, where a grace period for cure after notice is specified
herein, the failure by Lessee to cure such Default prior to the expiration of
the applicable grace period, and shall entitle Lessor to pursue the remedies set
forth in Paragraphs 13.2 and or 13.3.

              (a) The vacating of the Premises without the intention to reoccupy
same, or the abandonment of the Premises.

              (b) Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Lease, the
failure by Lessee to make any payment of Base Rent. Lessee's Share of Common
Area Operating Expenses, or any other monetary payment required to be made by
Lessee hereunder as and when due, the failure by Lessee to provide Lessor with
reasonable evidence of insurance or surely bond required under this Lease, or
the failure of Lessee to fulfill any obligation under this Lease which endangers
or threatens life or property, where such failure continues for a period of
three (3) days following written notice thereof by or on behalf of Lessor to
Lessee.

              (c) Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Lease, the
failure by Lessee to provide Lessor with reasonable written evidence (in duly
executed original form, If applicable) of (i) compliance with Applicable
Requirements per Paragraph 6.3, (ii) the inspection, maintenance and service
contracts required under Paragraph 7.1 (b), (iii) the rescission of an
unauthorized assignment or subletting per Paragraph 12.1, (iv) a Tenancy
Statement per Paragraphs 16 or 37, (v) the subordination or non-subordination of
this Lease per Paragraph 30, (vi) the guarantly of the performance of Lessee's
obligations under this Lease if required under Paragraphs 1.11 and 37, (vii) the
execution of any document requested under Paragraph 42 (easements), or (viii)
any other documentation or information which Lessor may reasonably require of
Lessee under the terms of this lease, where any such failure continues for a
period of ten (10) days following written notice by or on behalf of Lessor to
Lessee.

              (d) A Default by Lessee as to the terms, covenants, conditions or
provisions of this Lease, or of the rules adopted under Paragraph 40 hereof that
are to be observed, complied with or performed by Lessee, other than those
described in Subparagraphs 13.1(a), (b) or (c), above, where such Default
continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof by or on
behalf of Lessor to Lessee; provided, however, that if the nature of Lessee's
Default is such that more than thirty (30) days are reasonably required for its
cure, then it shall not be deemed to be a Breach of this Lease by Lessee if
Lessee commences such cure within said thirty (30) day period and thereafter
diligently prosecutes such cure to completion.

              (e) The occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the making
by Lessee of any general arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors;
(ii) Lessee's becoming a "debtor" as defined in 11 U.S. Code Section 101 or any
successor statute thereto (unless, in the case of a petition filed against
Lessee, the same is dismissed within sixty (60) days); (iii) the appointment of
a trustee or receiver to take possession of substantially all of Lessee's assets
located at the Premises or of Lessee's interest in this Lease, where possession
is not restored to Lessee within thirty (30) days; or (iv) the attachment,
execution or other judicial seizure of substantially all of Lessee's assets
located at the Premises or of Lessee's interest in this Lease, where such
seizure is not discharged within thirty (30) days; provided, however, in the
event that any provision of this Subparagraph 13.1 (e) is contrary to any
applicable law, such provision shall be of no force or effect, and shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions.

              (f) The discovery by Lessor that any financial statement of Lessee
or of any Guarantor, given to Lessor by Lessee or any Guarantor, was materially
false.

              (g) If the performance of Lessee's obligations under this Lease is
guaranteed: (i) the death of a Guarantor, (ii) the termination of a Guarantor's
liability with respect to this Lease other than in accordance with the terms of
such guaranty, (iii) a Guarantor's becoming insolvent or the subject of a
bankruptcy filing, (iv) a Guarantor's refusal to honor the guaranty, or (v) a
Guarantor's breach of its guaranty obligation on an anticipatory breach basis,
and Lessee's failure, within sixty (60) days following written notice by or on
behalf of Lessor to Lessee of any such event, to provide Lessor with written
alternative assurances of security, which, when coupled with the then existing
resources of Lessee, equals or exceeds the combined financial resources of
Lessee and the Guarantors that existed at the time of execution of this Lease.

     13.2     REMEDIES. If Lessee falls to perform any affirmative duty or
obligation of Lessee under this Lease, within ten (10) days after written notice
to Lessee (or in case of an emergency, without notice), Lessor may at its option
(but without obligation to do so), perform such duty or obligation on Lessee's
behalf, including but not limited to the obtaining of reasonably required bonds,
Insurance policies, or governmental licenses, permits or approvals. The costs
and expenses of any such performance by Lessor shall be due and payable by
Lessee to Lessor upon invoice therefor. If any check given to Lessor by Lessee
shall not be honored by the bank upon which it is drawn, Lessor, at its own
option, may require all future payments to be made under this Lease by Lessee to
be made only by cashier's check. In the event of a Breach of this Lease by
Lessee (as defined in Paragraph 13.1), with or without further notice or demand,
and without limiting Lessor in the exercise of any right or remedy which Lessor
may have by reason of such Breach, Lessor may:

              (a) Terminate Lessee's right to possession of the Premises by any
lawful means, in which case this Lease and the term hereof shall terminate and
Lessee shall immediately surrender possession of the Premises to Lessor. In such
event Lessor shall be entitled to recover from Lessee: (i) the worth at the time
of the award of the unpaid rent which had been earned at the time of
termination; (ii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the
unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the time of
award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could have
been reasonably avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of award of the amount by
which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time of award
exceeds the amount of such rental loss that the Lessee proves could be
reasonably avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate Lessor for
all the detriment proximately caused by the Lessee's failure to perform its
obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be
likely to result therefrom, including but not limited to the cost of recovering
possession of the Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary
renovation and alteration of the Premises, reasonable attorneys fees, and that
portion of any leasing commission paid by Lessor in connection with this Lease
applicable to the unexpired term of this Lease. The worth at the time of award
of the amount referred to in provision (iii) of the immediately preceding
sentence shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of
the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco or the Federal Reserve Bank District
in which the Premises are located at the time of award plus one percent (1%).
Efforts by Lessor to mitigate damages caused by Lessee's Default or Breach of
this Lease shall not waive Lessor's right to recover damages under this
Paragraph 13.2. If termination of this Lease is obtained through the provisional
remedy of unlawful detainer. Lessor shall have the right to recover in such
pro-

                                                         Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                 ---------------

<PAGE>

cooding the unpaid rent and damages as are recoverable therein, or Lessor may
reserve the right to recover all or any pad thereof in a separate suit for such
rent and/or damages. If a notice and grace period required under Subparagraph
13.1(b), (c) or (d) was not previously given a notice to pay rent or quit, or to
perform or quit, as the case may be, given to Lessee under any statute
authorizing the forfeiture of leases for unlawful detainer shall also constitute
the applicable notice for grace period purposes required by Subparagraph
13.1(b),(c) or (d). In such case, the applicable grace period under the unlawful
detainer statue shall run concurrently after the one such statutory notice, and
the failure of Lessee to cure the Default within the greater of the two (2) such
grace periods shall constitute both an unlawful detainer and a Breach of this
Lease entitling Lessor to the remedies provided for in this Lease and/or by said
statute.

              (b) Continue the Lease and Lessee's right to possession in effect
(in California under California Civil Code Section 1951.4) after Lessee's Breach
and recover the rent as it becomes due, provided Lessee has the right to sublet
or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations. Lessor and Lessee agree that
the limitations on assignment and subletting in this Lease are reasonable. Acts
of maintenance or preservation, efforts to relet the Premises, or the
appointment of a receiver to protect the Lessor's interest under this Lease,
shall not constitute a termination of the Lessee's right to possession.

              (c) Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available to Lessor
under the laws or judicial decisions of the state wherein the Premises are
located.

              (d) The expiration or termination of this Lease and/or the
termination of Lessee's right to possession shall not relieve Lessee from
liability under any indemnity provisions of this Lease as to matters occurring
or accruing during the term hereof or by reason of Lessee's occupancy of the
Premises.

     13.3     INDUCEMENT RECAPTURE IN EVENT OF BREACH. Any agreement by
Lessor for free or abated rent or other charges applicable to the Premises, or
for the giving or paying by Lessor to or for Lessee of any cash or other bonus,
inducement or consideration for Lessee's entering into this Lease, all of which
concessions are hereinafter referred to as "INDUCEMENT PROVISIONS" shall be
deemed conditioned upon Lessee's full and faithful performance of all of all the
terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed or observed by
Lessee during the term hereof as the same may be extended. Upon the occurrence
of a Breach (as defined in Paragraph 13.1) of this Lease by Lessee, any such
Inducement Provision shall automatically be deemed deleted from this Lease and
of no further force or effect, and any rent, other charge, bonus, Inducement or
consideration therefore abated, given or paid by Lessor under such an Inducement
Provision shall be immediately due and payable by Lessee to Lessor, and
recoverable by Lessor, as additional rent due under this Lease, notwithstanding
any subsequent cure of said Breach by Lessee. The acceptance by Lessor of rent
or the cure of the Breach which initiated the operation of this Paragraph 13.3
shall not be deemed a waiver by Lessor of the provisions of this Paragraph 13.3
unless specifically so stated in writing by Lessor at the time of such
acceptance.

     13.4     LATE CHARGES. Lessee hereby acknowledges that late payment by
Lessee to Lessor of rent and other sums due hereunder will cause Lessor to incur
costs not contemplated by this Lease, the exact amount of which will be
extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs include, but are not limited to,
processing and accounting charges, and late charges which may be imposed upon
Lessor by the terms of any ground lease, mortgage or deed of trust covering the
Premises. Accordingly, if any installment of rent or other sum due from Lessee
shall not be received by Lessor or Lessor's designee within ten (10) days after
such amount shall be due, then, without any requirement for notice to Lessee.
Lessee shall pay to Lessor a late charge equal to six percent (6%) of such
overdue amount. The parties hereby agree that such late charge represents a lair
and reasonable estimate of the costs Lessor will incur by reason of late payment
by Lessee. Acceptance of such late charge by Lessor shall in no event constitute
a waiver of Lessee's Default or Breach with respect to such overdue amount, nor
prevent Lessor from exercising any of the other rights and remedies granted
hereunder. In the event that a late charge is payable hereunder, whether or not
collected, for three (3) consecutive installments of Base Rent, then
notwithstanding Paragraph 4.1 or any other provision of this Lease to the
contrary. Base Rent shall, at Lessor's option, become due and payable quarterly
in advance.

     13.5     BREACH BY LESSOR. Lessor shall not be deemed in breach of this
Lease unless Lessor falls within a reasonable time to perform an obligation
required to be performed by Lessor. For purposes of this Paragraph 13.5, a
reasonable time shall in no event be less than thirty (30) days after receipt by
Lessor, and by any Lender(s) whose name and address shall have been furnished to
Lessee in writing for such purpose, of written notice specifying wherein such
obligation of Lessor has not been performed; provided, however, that if the
nature of Lessor's obligation is such that more than thirty (30) days after such
notice are reasonably required for its performance, then Lessor shall not be in
breach of this Lease if performance is commenced within such thirty (30) day
period and thereafter diligently pursued to completion.

14.  CONDEMNATION. If the Premises or any portion thereof are taken under the
power of eminent domain or sold under the threat of the exercise of said power
(all of which are herein called "condemnation"), this Lease shall terminate as
to the part so taken as of the date the condemning authority takes title or
possession, whichever first occurs. If more than ten percent (10%) of the floor
area of the Premises, or more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the portion of
the Common Areas designated for Lessee's parking, is taken by condemnation,
Lessee may, at Lessee's option, to be exercised in writing within ten (10) days
after Lessor shall have given Lessee written notice of such taking (or in the
absence of such notice, within ten (10) days after the condemning authority
shall have taken possession) terminate this Lease as of the date the condemning
authority takes such possession. If Lessee does not terminate this Lease in
accordance with the foregoing, this Lease shall remain in full force and effect
as to the portion of the Premises remaining, except that the Base Rent shall be
reduced in the same proportion as the rentable floor area of the Premises taken
bears to the total rentable floor area of the Premises. No reduction of Base
Rent shall occur if the condemnation does not apply to any portion of the
Premises. Any award for the taking of all or any part of the Premises under the
power of eminent domain or any payment made under throat of the exercise of such
power shall be the property of Lessor, whether such award shall be made as
compensation for diminution of value of the leasehold or for the taking of the
fee, or as severance damages; provided, however, that Lessee shall be entitled
to any compensation, separately awarded to Lessee for Lessee's relocation
expenses and/or loss of Lessee's Trade Fixtures in the event that this Lease is
not terminated by reason of such condemnation. Lessor shall to the extent of its
net severance damages received, over and above Lessee's Share of the legal and
other expenses incurred by Lessor in the condemnation matter, repair any damage
to the Premises caused by such condemnation authority. Lessee shall be
responsible for the payment of any amount in excess of such net severance
damages required to complete such repair.

15.  BROKER'S FEES.

     15.1     PROCURING CAUSE. The Broker(s) named in Paragraph 1.10 is/are
the procuring cause of this Lease.

16.  TENANCY AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

     16.1     TENANCY STATEMENT. Each Party (as "RESPONDING PARTY") shall
within ten (10) days after written notice from the other Party (the "REQUESTING
PARTY") execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Requesting Party a statement in
writing in a form similar to the then most current "TENANCY STATEMENT" form
published by the American Industrial Real Estate Association, plus such
additional information, confirmation and/or statements as may be reasonably
requested by the Requesting Party.

     16.2     FINANCIAL STATEMENT. If Lessor desires to finance, relinance,
or sell the Premises or the Building, or any part thereof, Lessee and all
Guarantors shall deliver to any potential lender or purchaser designated by
Lessor such financial statements of Lessee and such Guarantors as may be
reasonably required by such lender or purchaser, including but not limited to
Lessee's financial statements for the past three (3) years. All such financial
statements shall be received by Lessor and such lender or purchaser in
confidence and shall be used only for the purposes herein set forth.

17.  LESSOR'S LIABILITY. The term "LESSOR" as used herein shall mean the owner
or owners at the time in question of the fee title to the Premises. In the event
of a transfer of Lessor's title or interest in the Premises or in this Lease.
Lessor shall deliver to the transferee or assignee (in cash or by credit) any
unused Security Deposit held by Lessor at the time of such transfer or
assignment. Except as provided in Paragraph 15.3, upon such transfer or
assignment and delivery of the Security Deposit, as aforesaid, the prior Lessor
shall be relieved of all liability with respect to the obligations and/or
covenants under this Lease thereafter to be performed by the Lessor. Subject to
the foregoing, the obligations and/or covenants in this Lease to be performed by
the Lessor shall be binding only upon the Lessor as hereinabove defined.

18.  SEVERABILITY. The invalidity of any provision of this Lease, as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction, shall in no way affect the validity of any
other provision hereof.

19.  INTEREST ON PAST-DUE OBLIGATIONS. Any monetary payment due Lessor
hereunder, other than late charges, not received by Lessor within ten (10) days
following the date on which it was due, shall bear interest from the date due at
the prime rate charged by the largest state chartered bank in the state in which
the Premises are located plus four percent (4%) per annum, but not exceeding the
maximum rate allowed by law. In addition to the potential late charge provided
for in Paragraph 13.4.

20.  TIME OF ESSENCE. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of
all obligations to be performed or observed by the Parties under this Lease.

21.  RENT DEFINED. All monetary obligations of Lessee to Lessor under the terms
of this Lease are deemed to be rent.

22.  NO PRIOR OR OTHER AGREEMENTS; BROKER DISCLAIMER. This Lease contains all
agreements between the Parties with respect to any matter mentioned herein, and
no other prior or contemporaneous agreement or understanding shall be effective.
Lessor and Lessee each represents and warrants to the Brokers that it has made,
and is relying solely upon, its own investigation as to the nature, quality,
character and financial responsibility of the other Party to this Lease and as
to the nature, quality and character of the Premises. Brokers have no
responsibility with respect thereto or with respect to any default or breach
hereof by either Party Each Broker shall be an intended third party beneficiary
of the provisions of this Paragraph 22.

                                                           Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                  --------------

<PAGE>

23.  NOTICES.

     23.1     NOTICE REQUIREMENTS. All notices required or permitted by this
Lease shall be in writing and may be delivered in person (by hand or by
messenger or courier service) or may be sent by regular, certified or registered
mail or U.S. Postal Service Express Mall, with postage prepaid, or by facsimile
transmission during normal business hours, and shall be deemed sufficiently
given if served in a manner specified in this Paragraph 23. The addresses noted
adjacent to a Party's signature on this Lease shall be that Party's address for
delivery or mailing of notice purposes. Either Party may by written notice to
the other specify a different address for notice purposes, except that upon
Lessee's taking possession of the Premises, the Premises shall constitute
Lessee's address for the purpose of mailing parties at such addresses as Lessor
may from time to time hereafter designate by written notice to Lessee.

     23.2     DATE OF NOTICE. Any notice sent by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date of delivery
shown on the receipt card, or if no delivery date is shown, the postmark
thereon. If sent by regular mail, the notice shall be deemed given forty-eight
(48) hours after the same is addressed as required herein and mailed with
postage prepaid. Notices delivered by United States Express Mail or overnight
courier that guarantees next day delivery shall be deemed given twenty-four (24)
hours after delivery of the same to the United States Postal Service or courier.
If any notice is transmitted by facsimile transmission or similar means, the
same shall be deemed served or delivered upon telephone or facsimile
confirmation of receipt of the transmission thereof, provided a copy is also
delivered via delivery or mail. If notice is received on a Saturday or a Sunday
or a legal holiday, it shall be deemed received on the next business day.

24.  WAIVERS. No waiver by Lessor of the Default or Breach of any term, covenant
or condition hereof by Lessee, shall be deemed a waiver of any other term,
covenant or condition hereof, or of any subsequent Default or Breach by Lessee
of the same or any other term, covenant or condition hereof. Lessor's consent
to, or approval of, any such act shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the
obtaining of Lessor's consent to, or approval of, any subsequent or similar act
by Lessee, or be construed as the basis of an estoppel to enforce the provision
or provisions of this Lease requiring such consent. Regardless of Lessor's
knowledge of a Default or Breach at the time of accepting rent, the acceptance
of rent by Lessor shall not be a waiver of any Default or Breach by Lessee of
any provision hereof. Any payment given Lessor by Lessee may be accepted by
Lessor on account of moneys or damages due Lessor, notwithstanding any
qualifying statements or conditions made by Lessee in connection therewith,
which such statements and/or conditions shall be of no force or effect
whatsoever unless specifically agreed to in writing by Lessor at or before the
time of deposit of such payment.

25.  RECORDING. Either Lessor or Lessee shall, upon request of the other,
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the other a short form memorandum of this
Lease for recording purposes. The Party requesting recordation shall be
responsible for payment of any fees or taxes applicable thereto.

26.  NO RIGHT TO HOLDOVER. Lessee has no right to retain possession of the
Premises or any part thereof beyond the expiration or earlier termination of
this Lease. In the event that Lessee holds over in violation of this Paragraph
26 then the Base Rent payable from and after the time of the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease shall be increased to one hundred and forty
percent (140%) of the Base Rent applicable during the month immediately
preceding such expiration or earlier termination. Nothing contained herein shall
be construed as a consent by Lessor to any holding over by Lessee.

27.  CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. No remedy or election hereunder shall be deemed
exclusive but shall, wherever possible, be cumulative with all other remedies at
law or in equity.

28.  COVENANTS AND CONDITIONS. All provisions of this Lease to be observed or
performed by Lessee are both covenants and conditions.

29.  BINDING EFFECT; CHOICE OF LAW. This Lease shall be binding upon the
Parties, their personal representatives, successors and assigns and be governed
by the laws of the State in which the Premises are located. Any litigation
between the Parties hereto concerning this Lease shall be initiated in the
county in which the Premises are located.

30.  SUBORDINATION; ATTORNMENT; NON-DISTURBANCE.

     30.1     SUBORDINATION. This Lease and any Option granted hereby shall
be subject and subordinate to any ground lease, mortgage, deed of trust, or
other hypothecation or security device (collectively, "SECURITY DEVICE"), now or
hereafter placed by Lessor upon the real property of which the Premises are a
part, to any and all advances made on the security thereof, and to all renewals,
modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof. Lessee
agrees that the Lenders holding any such Security Device shall have no duty,
liability or obligation to perform any of the obligations of Lessor under this
Lease, but that in the event of Lessor's default with respect to any such
obligation, Lessee will give any Lender whose name and address have been
furnished Lessee in writing for such purpose notice of Lessor's default pursuant
to Paragraph 13.5. If any Lender shall elect to have this Lease and/or any
Option granted hereby superior to the lien of Its Security Device and shall give
written notice thereof to Lessee, this Lease and such Options shall be deemed
prior to such Security Device, notwithstanding the relative dates of the
documentation or recordation thereof.

     30.2     ATTORNMENT. Subject to the non-disturbance provisions of
Paragraph 30.3, Lessee agrees to attorn to a Lender or any other party who
acquires ownership of the Premises by reason of a foreclosure of a Security
Device, and that in the event of such foreclosure, such new owner shall not: (i)
be liable for any act or omission of any prior lessor or with respect to events
occurring prior to acquisition of ownership, (ii) be subject to any offsets or
defenses which Lessee might have against any prior lessor, or (iii) be bound by
prepayment of more than one month's rent.

     30.3     NON-DISTURBANCE. With respect to Security Devices entered into
by Lessor after the execution of this lease, Lessee's subordination of this
Lease shall be subject to receiving assurance (a "non-disturbance agreement")
from the Lender that Lessee's possession and this Lease, including any options
to extend the term hereof, will not be disturbed so long as Lessee is not in
Breach hereof and attorns to the record owner of the Premises.

     30.4     SELF-EXECUTING. The agreements contained in this Paragraph 30
shall be effective without the execution of any further documents; provided,
however, that upon written request from Lessor or a Lender in connection with a
sale, financing or refinancing of Premises, Lessee and Lessor shall execute such
further writings as may be reasonably required to separately document any such
subordination or non-subordination, attornment and/or non-disturbance agreement
as is provided for herein.

31.  ATTORNEYS' FEES. If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding to
enforce the terms hereof or declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as
hereafter defined) in any such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon, shall be
entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same
suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether or not such action or proceeding
is pursued to decision or judgment. The term "PREVAILING PARTY" shall include,
without limitation, a Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the
relief sought, as the case may be, whether by compromise, settlement, judgment,
or the abandonment by the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The
attorneys' fee award shall not be computed in accordance with any court fee
schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse all attorneys' fees reasonably
incurred. Lessor shall be entitled to attorneys' fees, costs and expenses
incurred in preparation and service of notices of Default and consultations in
connection therewith, whether or not a legal action is subsequently commenced
in connection with such Default or resulting Breach. Broker(s) shall be intended
third party beneficiaries of this Paragraph 31.

32.  LESSOR'S ACCESS; SHOWING PREMISES; REPAIRS. Lessor and Lessor's agents
shall have the right to enter the Premises at any time, in the case of an
emergency, and otherwise at reasonable times for the purpose of showing the same
to prospective purchasers, lenders, or lessees, and making such alterations,
repairs, improvements or additions to the Premises or to the Building, as Lessor
may reasonably deem necessary. Lessor may at any time place on or about the
Premises or Building any ordinary "For Sale" signs and Lessor may at any time
during the last one hundred eighty (180) days of the term hereof place on or
about the Premises any ordinary "For Lease" signs. All such activities of Lessor
shall be without abatement of rent or liability to Lessee.

33.  AUCTIONS. Lessee shall not conduct, nor permit to be conducted, either
voluntarily or involuntarily, any auction upon the Premises without first having
obtained Lessor's prior written consent. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Lease, Lessor shall not be obligated to exercise any standard
of reasonableness in determining whether to grant such consent.

34.  SIGNS. Lessee shall not place any sign upon the exterior of the Premises or
the Building, except that Lessee may, with Lessor's prior written consent,
install (but not on the roof) such signs as are reasonably required to advertise
Lessee's own business so long as such signs are in a location designated by
Lessor and comply with Applicable Requirements and the signage criteria
established for the Industrial Center by Lessor. The installation of any sign on
the Premises by or for Lessee shall be subject to the provisions of Paragraph 7
(Maintenance, Repairs, Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures and Alterations).
Unless otherwise expressly agreed herein, Lessor reserves all rights to the use
of the roof of the Building, and the right to install advertising signs on the
Building, including the roof, which do not unreasonably interfere with the
conduct of Lessee's business: Lessor shall be entitled to all revenues from such
advertising signs.

35.  TERMINATION; MERGER. Unless specifically stated otherwise in writing by
Lessor, the voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Lessee, the mutual
termination or cancellation hereof, or a termination hereof by Lessor for Breach
by Lessee, shall automatically terminate any sublease or lesser estate in the
Premises; provided, however, Lessor shall, in the event of any such surrender,
termination or cancellation, have the option to continue any one or all of any
existing subtenancies. Lessor's failure within ten (10) days following any such
event to make a written election to the contrary by written notice to the holder
of any such lesser interest, shall constitute Lessor's election to have such
event constitute the termination of such interest.

36.  CONSENTS.

              (a) Except for Paragraph 33 hereof (Auctions) or as otherwise
provided herein, wherever in this Lease the consent of a Party is required to an
act by or for the other Party, such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed. Lessor's actual reasonable costs and expenses (including but not
limited to architects, attorneys', engineers' and other consultants' fees)
incurred in the consideration of, or response to, a request by Lessee for any
Lessor consent pertaining to this Lease or the Premises, including but not
limited to consents to an assignment a subletting or the presence or use of a
Hazardous Substance, shall be paid by Lessee to Lessor upon receipt of an
invoice and supporting documentation therefor. In addition to the deposit
described in Paragraph 12.2(e), Lessor may, as a condition to considering any
such request by Lessee, require that Lessee deposit with Lessor an amount of
money (in addition to the Security Deposit held under Paragraph 5) reasonably
calculated by Lessor to represent the cost Lessor will incur in considering and
responding to Lessee's request. Any unused portion of said deposit shall be
refunded to Lessee without interest. Lessor's consent to any act, assignment of
this Lease or subletting of the Premises by Lessee shall not constitute an
acknowledgement that no Default or Breach by Lessee of this Lease exists, nor
shall such consent be deemed a waiver of any then existing Default or Breach,
except as may be otherwise specifically stated in writing by Lessor at the time
of such consent.

              (b) All conditions to Lessor's consent authorized by this Lease
are acknowledged by Lessee as being reasonable. The failure to specify herein
any particular condition to Lessor's consent shall not preclude the impositions
by Lessor at the time of consent of such further or other conditions as are then
reasonable with reference to the particular matter for which consent is being
given.

37.  GUARANTOR.

     37.1     FORM OF GUARANTY. If there are to be any Guarantors of this
Lease per Paragraph 1.11, the form of the guaranty to be executed by each such
Guarantor shall be in the form most recently published by the American
Industrial Real Estate Association, and each such Guarantor shall have the same
obligations as Lessee under this lease, including but not limited to the
obligation to provide the Tenancy Statement and information required in
Paragraph 16.

                                                          Intials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                 ---------------

<PAGE>

     37.2     ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTOR. It shall constitute a
Default of the Lessee under this Lease if any such Guarantor fails or refuses,
upon reasonable request by Lessor to give: (a) evidence of the due execution of
the guaranty called for by this Lease, including the authority of the Guarantor
(and of the party signing on Guarantor's behalf) to obligate such Guarantor on
said guaranty, and resolution of its board of directors authorizing the making
of such guaranty, together with a certificate of incumbency showing the
signatures of the persons authorized to sign on its behalf, (b) current
financial statements of Guarantor as may from time to time be requested by
Lessor, (c) a Tenancy Statement, or (d) written confirmation that the guaranty
is still in effect.

38.  QUIET POSSESSION. Upon payment by Lessee of the rent for the Premises and
the performance of all of the covenants, conditions and provisions on Lessee's
part to be observed and performed under this Lease, Lessee shall have quiet
possession of the Premises for the entire term hereof subject to all of the
provisions of this Lease.

39.  OPTIONS.

     39.1     DEFINITION. As used in this Lease, the word "OPTION" has the
following meaning: (a) the right to extend the term of this Lease or to renew
this Lease or to extend or renew any lease that Lessee has on other property of
Lessor; (b) the right of first refusal to lease the Premises or the right of
first offer to lease the Premises or the right of first refusal to lease other
property of Lessor or the right of first offer to lease other property of
Lessor; (c) the right to purchase the Premises, or the right of first refusal to
purchase the Premises, or the right of first offer to purchase the Premises, or
the right to purchase other property of Lessor, or the right of first refusal to
purchase other property of Lessor, or the right of first offer to purchase other
property of Lessor.

     39.2     OPTIONS PERSONAL TO ORIGINAL LESSEE. Each Option granted to
Lessee in this Lease is personal to the original Lessee named in Paragraph 1.1
hereof, and cannot be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned or exercised by any
person or entity other than said original Lessee while the original Lessee is in
full and actual possession of the Premises and without the intention of
thereafter assigning or subletting. The Options, if any, herein granted to
Lessee are not assignable, either as a part of an assignment of this Lease or
separately or apart therefrom, and no Option may be separated from this Lease in
any manner, by reservation or otherwise.

     39.3     MULTIPLE OPTIONS. In the event that Lessee has any multiple
Options to extend or renew this Lease, a later option cannot be exercised unless
the prior Options to extend or renew this Lease have been validly exercised.

     39.4     EFFECT OF DEFAULT ON OPTIONS.

              (a) Lessee shall have no right to exercise an Option,
notwithstanding any provision in the grant of Option to the contrary: (i) during
the period commencing with the giving of any notice of Default under Paragraph
13.1 and continuing until the noticed Default is cured, or (ii) during the
period of time any monetary obligation due Lessor from Lessee is unpaid (without
regard to whether notice thereof is given Lessee), or (iii) during the time
Lessee is in Breach of this Lease, or (iv) in the event that Lessor has given to
Lessee three (3) or more notices of separate Defaults under Paragraph 13.1
during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the exercise of the
Option, whether or not the Defaults are cured.

              (b) The period of time within which an Option may be exercised
shall not be extended or enlarged by reason of Lessee's inability to exercise an
Option because of the provisions of Paragraph 39.4(a)

              (c) All rights of Lessee under the provisions of an Option shall
terminate and be of no further force or effect, notwithstanding Lessee's due and
timely exercise of the Option, if, after such exercise and during the term of
this Lease, (i) Lessee fails to pay to Lessor a monetary obligation of Lessee
for a period of thirty (30) days after such obligation becomes due (without any
necessity of Lessor to give notice thereof to Lessee), or (ii) Lessor gives to
Lessee three (3) or more notices of separate Defaults under Paragraph 13.1
during any twelve (12) month period, whether or not the Defaults are cured, or
(iii) if Lessee commits a Breach of this Lease.

40.  RULES AND REGULATIONS. Lessee agrees that it will abide by, and keep and
observe all reasonable rules and regulations ("Rules and Regulations") which
Lessor may make from time to time for the management, safety, care, and
cleanliness of the grounds, the parking and unloading of vehicles and the
preservation of good order, as well as for the convenience of other occupants or
tenants of the Building and the Industrial Center and their invitees.

41.  SECURITY MEASURES. Lessee hereby acknowledges that the rental payable to
Lessor hereunder does not include the cost of guard service or other security
measures, and that Lessor shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide same.
Lessee assumes all responsibility for the protection of the Premises, Lessee,
its agents and invitees and their property from the acts of third parties.

42.  RESERVATIONS. Lessor reserves the right, from time to time, to grant,
without the consent or joinder of Lessee, such easements, rights of way, utility
raceways, and dedications that Lessor deems necessary, and to cause the
recordation of parcel maps and restrictions, so long as such easements, rights
of way, utility raceways, dedications, maps and restrictions do not reasonably
interfere with the use of the Premises by Lessee. Lessee agrees to sign any
documents reasonably requested by Lessor to effectuate any such easement rights,
dedication, map or restrictions.

43.  PERFORMANCE UNDER PROTEST. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any
amount or sum of money to be paid by one Party to the other under the provisions
hereof, the Party against whom the obligation to pay the money is asserted shall
have the right to make payment "under protest" and such payment shall not be
regarded as a voluntary payment and there shall survive the right on the part of
said Party to institute suit for recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged
that there was no legal obligation on the part of said Party to pay such sum or
any part thereof, said Party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much
thereof as it was not legally required to pay under the provisions of this
Lease.

44.  AUTHORITY. If either Party hereto is a corporation, trust, or general or
limited partnership, each individual executing this Lease on behalf of such
entity represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute and
deliver this Lease on its behalf. If Lessee is a corporation, trust or
partnership, Lessee shall, within thirty (30) days after request by Lessor,
deliver to Lessor evidence satisfactory to Lessor of such authority.

45.  CONFLICT. Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Lease and the
typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled by the typewritten or
handwritten provisions.

46.  OFFER. Preparation of this Lease by either Lessor or Lessee or Lessor's
agent or Lessee's agent and submission of same to Lessee or Lessor shall not be
deemed an offer to lease. This Lease is not intended to be binding until
executed and delivered by all Parties hereto.

47.  AMENDMENTS. This Lease may be modified only in writing, signed by the
parties in interest at the time of the modification. The Parties shall amend
this Lease from time to time to reflect any adjustments that are made to the
Base Rent or other rent payable under this Lease. As long as they do not
materially change Lessee's obligations hereunder, Lessee agrees to make such
reasonable non-monetary modifications to this Lease as may be reasonably
required by an institutional insurance company or pension plan Lender in
connection with the obtaining of normal financing or refinancing of the property
of which the Premises are a part.

48.  MULTIPLE PARTIES. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if more
than one person or entity is named herein as either Lessor or Lessee, the
obligations of such multiple parties shall be the joint and several
responsibility of all persons or entities named herein as such Lessor or Lessee.

                                                         Initials: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                  --------------

<PAGE>

LESSOR AND LESSEE HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND REVIEWED THIS LEASE AND EACH TERM AND
PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, AND BY THE EXECUTION OF THIS LEASE SHOW THEIR
INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY CONSENT THERETO. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE THAT, AT THE
TIME THIS LEASE IS EXECUTED, THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE ARE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
AND EFFECTUATE THE INTENT AND PURPOSE OF LESSOR AND LESSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE
PREMISES.

         IF THIS LEASE HAS BEEN FILLED IN, IT HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR YOUR
         ATTORNEY'S REVIEW AND APPROVAL FURTHER, EXPERTS SHOULD BE CONSULTED TO
         EVALUATE THE CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY FOR THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF
         ASBESTOS, UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKS OR HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. NO
         REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY THE AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL
         REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION OR BY THE REAL ESTATE BROKERS OR THEIR
         CONTRACTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL
         EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH
         IT RELATES; THE PARTIES SHALL RELY SOLELY UPON THE ADVICE OF THEIR OWN
         COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS LEASE. IF THE
         SUBJECT PROPERTY IS IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, AN ATTORNEY FROM
         THE STATE WHERE THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED SHOULD BE CONSULTED.

The parties hereto have executed this lease at the place and on the dates
specified above their respective signatures.

Executed at: Torrance, California             Executed at: Torrance, California

on: 3-22-02                                   on:
                                                 -----------------------------

By LESSOR: MADISON AVENUE NORTH,              By LESSEE: MYKOTRONX, INC.,
   a California Limited Partnership           A California corporation
   SURF MANAGEMENT, INC.
                                              Name Printed: Jim Kopycki
By :         By: [ILLEGIBLE]
    --------------------------------          Title:
                                                    ---------------------------
Name Printed: Steven P. Fechner
                                            **By: Jim Kopycki
Title:        President                          ------------------------------

By:                                           Name Printed:
   ---------------------------------                       --------------------

Name Printed:                                 Title:
             -----------------------                ---------------------------

Title:                                        By:
      ------------------------------             ------------------------------

Address: 357 Van Ness Way, #100               Name Printed:
         Torrance, CA 90501                                --------------------

Telephone: (310) 533-5900                     Title:
                                                    ---------------------------
Facsimile: (310) 533-0775
                                              By:
                                                 ------------------------------

                                              Name Printed:
                                                           --------------------

                                              Title:
                                                    ---------------------------

                                              Address:
                                                      -------------------------

                                              Telephone:( )
                                                           --------------------

                                              Facsimile:( )
                                                           --------------------

NOTE: These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and
      needs of the industry. Always write or call to make sure you are
      utilizing the most current form: AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL REAL ESTATE
      ASSOCIATION, 345 So. Figueroa St., M-1, Los Angeles, CA 90071. (213)
      687-8777.

                               SIGNATURE REQUIRED
                                SEE "**" ABOVE

(C)  1993 by American industrial Real Esate Association. All right reversed. No
     part of these words may be reproduced in any form without permission in
     writing.

<PAGE>

                                   49 ADDENDUM

49.a     TRASH: Lessor shall arrange for a trash collection service for all
         tenants on the premises of which the Premises are a part. Lessee shall
         pay its proportionate share of the trash collection charges based on
         the proportionate amount of building space occupied and trash deposited
         in the common trash containers by Lessee, as determined by Lessor. The
         fee to Lessee for trash collection. Shall be $ 45.00 per month which
         may be increased if it is determined that the fee charged is
         insufficient to remove Lessee's trash, or if trash rates are increased.
         Lessee shall not deposit any household trash or other trash not
         specifically created in the normal course of operating its business. No
         hazardous substances shall be disposed of in the trash bins or anywhere
         on the premises. All trash must be placed into the containers.

49.b     This lease is subject to all matters of record affecting the real
         property of which the Premises are a part, including without
         limitation, covenants, conditions, restrictions, reservations, rights
         of way, easements and exceptions, whether existing or hereafter
         created.

49.c     SUBLEASING: If Lessee, with Lessor's consent, as required by this
         Lease, enters into a sublease of the entire Premises, and if Lessee
         receives from the Sublessee, rent or other consideration, either
         initially or over the term of the sublease, in excess of the rent due
         Lessor under the Lease, of if Lessee enters into a sublease of less
         than the entire Premises and receives from the Sublessee rent or other
         consideration in excess of the rent due Lessor under this Lease fairly
         allocable to the portion of the Premises so subleased after appropriate
         adjustments to assure that all other payments called for under this
         Lease are appropriately taken into account, then in either such event,
         Lessee shall pay to Lessor, as additional rent, one half of the excess
         rent or other consideration so received by Lessee from the Sublessee.
         Such payment shall be made by Lessee to Lessor within ten (10) days
         following receipt by Lessee from its Sublessee of payment of such
         excess rent or other consideration. A fully executed copy of all
         subleases must be given to Lessor by Lessee.

49.d     CPI ADJUSTMENT (S) (CPI):
________________________________________________________________________________

49.e     PUBLIC SALES: Merchandise sold on the Premises shall not be sold on a
         retail basis to the general public. No auctions, warehouse, garage,
         clearance, or any other type of sale to the general public is allowed
         on the Premises without the written consent of Lessor and any required
         governmental permits.

49.f     CONFIDENTIALITY: Lessee agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
         terms of this Lease, and not to disclose such terms to any other
         occupants of the Project.

49.g     DELAY IN POSSESSION: Notwithstanding paragraph 3.3, if the Commencement
         Date is delayed two (2) weeks or more, there shall be a corresponding
         shift in the ending date of the lease. If the Commencement Date is
         delayed less than (2) weeks, the ending date shall remain unchanged.

49.h     SECURITY CAMERAS: Any Lessor-supplied notices on the buildings
         regarding security cameras, and any-Lessor supplied cameras themselves
         are intended as a theft deterrent only. Lessor-supplied cameras are not
         operational. Lessee is responsible for informing its employees, agents,
         contractors, visitors, etc. that Lessor-supplied cameras should not be
         relied upon for safety or security.

49.i     SURRENDER/RESTORATION: In addition to the terms and conditions of
         Paragraph 7.4(c), upon vacating the premises, Lessee shall, if
         necessary, shampoo the carpeting, clean the restrooms and remove .all
         debris. Should Lessee elect not to perform these tasks, Lessor shall do
         so and charge a reasonable fee for this service.

                                                          INITIALS: [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                    [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                              RULES AND REGULATIONS

1        No sign placard, picture, advertisement, name, or notice shall be
         inscribed, displayed, printed or affixed to any part of the outside or
         inside of the Industrial Center without the prior consent of Lessor.
         Lessor shall have the right to remove any unauthorized sign, placard,
         picture, advertisement, name or notice, at the expense of, Lessee. All
         approved signs or lettering on doors shall be printed, painted, affixed
         or inscribed at the expense of Lessee by a person approved by Lessor.
         Lessee shall not place anything, or allow anything to be placed, near
         the glass or any window, door, partition or wall which may appear
         unsightly from outside the Premises, as determined by Lessor. Lessee
         shall not, without prior written consent of Lessor, otherwise sunscreen
         any window. All signs must be maintained in good condition at Lessee's
         expense, or Lessor may remove the signs at Lessee's expense.

2.       The sidewalks, halls, passages, exits, entrances, and stairways shall
         not be obstructed by any of the Lessees or used by them for any other
         purpose other than for ingress and egress to and from their respective
         Premises.

3.       Lessee shall not alter any lock or install any new or additional locks
         or any bolts on any doors or windows of the Premises without prior
         consent of Lessor, and shall provide Lessor with copies of any new
         entry keys.

4.       The toilet rooms, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall not be
         used for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed,
         and no foreign substance of any kind whatsoever shall be thrown
         therein. The expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage resulting
         from the violation of this rule by Lessee, Lessee's employees, or
         visitors, shall be borne by the Lessee.

5.       Lessee shall not overload the floor of the Premises or in any way
         deface the Premises or any part thereof.

6.       Lessee shall not use, keep or permit to be used or kept any foul or
         noxious gas or substance in the Premises, or permit or suffer the
         Premises to be occupied or used in a manner offensive or objectionable
         to the Lessor or other occupants of the Industrial Center by reason of
         noise, odors and/or vibrations, or interfere in any way with other
         Lessees or those having business therein.

7.       No animals or birds be brought in or kept in or about the Premises or
         the Business Center.

8.       Lessee shall not use or keep in the Premises or the Building any
         kerosene, gasoline or flammable or combustible fluid or material, or
         use any method of heating or air conditioning other than that supplied
         by Lessor.

9.       Lessor will direct electricians as to where and how telephone and
         telegraph wires are to be introduced into the building. No boring or
         cutting wires will be allowed without the consent of the Lessor. The
         location of telephones, call boxes and other office equipment affixed
         to the Premises shall be subject to the approval of Lessor.

10.      Lessor reserved the right to exclude or expel from the Industrial
         Center any person who, in the judgment of Lessor, is intoxicated or
         under the influence of liquor or drugs, or who shall in any manner do
         any act in violation of any of the rules and regulations of the
         Industrial Center.

11.      Lessee shall not disturb, solicit, or canvass any occupant of the
         Industrial Center and shall cooperate to prevent same.

12.      Without the written consent of Lessor, Lessee shall n9* use the name of
         the Industrial Center in connection with or in promoting or advertising
         the business of Lessee except as Lessee's address.

13.      No contact paper or wallpaper of any type may be applied anywhere
         without Lessor's written permission, including the application to any
         walls, cabinets, doors, etc. The expense of returning the premises to
         its original condition if this clause is violated will be deducted from
         the security deposit.

14.      Lessee shall not, without the consent of Lessor, park vehicles or store
         overnight in the common areas of the Industrial Center. Vehicles in
         violation will be towed without notice to Lessee at Lessee's expense.

15.      Lessee and Lessee's employees, customers, agents, and contractors shall
         observe all normal vehicle codes while at the Industrial Center and
         will not drive their vehicles in excess of 5 miles per hour while on
         the premises. Lessee shall be responsible for enforcing these rules
         with its employees, customers, agents, and contractors.

16.      No cooking shall be done or permitted by any Lessee on the Premises,
         except for a microwave, nor shall the Premises be used for the storage
         of merchandise in office spaces, for washing clothes, for lodging, or
         any improper, objectionable or immoral purposes.

                                                            INITIALS:[ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

385 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002

50.      OPTION TO RENEW:

 In the event the Lessee has fully and faithfully performed its obligations
 hereunder during the term of the Lease, Lessee may extend the term of this
 Lease for an additional one (1) year by giving Lessor written notice of its
 intention to do so at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the
 initial term of this Lease. If Lessee fails to give notice to Lessor by this
 date, its option shall be null and void. During the option period, the terms
 and conditions as contained in the Lease shall remain in effect, except that
 the rent shall be adjusted as set forth below. In addition, any caps on
 operating expenses or rental adjustments may also be adjusted or removed as a
 part of the terms and conditions for the option period. Rental adjustments for
 the option period may be different than in original lease term. The rental rate
 for the option period shall be at the then fair market rental rate for existing
 tenants in premises of comparable size, design, use, age, and location at the
 time the option period is to commence (which shall in no event be less than the
 rental in effect at the expiration of the initial term hereof), as agreed by
 Lessee and Lessor no later than 100 days preceding the end of the initial term
 hereof. If Lessor and Lessee are unable to agree on the fair market rental as
 set forth for such option period, Lessor shall promptly select an MAI licensed
 real estate appraiser and the appraiser so selected shall, no later than 60
 days prior to the expiration of the initial term, determine the fair market
 rental as set forth above. The fees for such appraiser shall be shared equally
 by Lessor and Lessee. If Lessee agrees with the rental rate established by the
 appraiser, it will return a signed lease extension to Lessor no later than 45
 days preceding the end of the initial term. Should Lessee not agree with the
 rental established by the designated appraiser, Lessee may, no later than 45
 days preceding the end of the initial term hereof, revoke the exercise of the
 option in writing, and this Lease shall terminate at the end of the initial
 term. Such option shall be personal to Lessee and may not be exercised or
 assigned, voluntarily or by operation of law, to anyone other than Lessee, nor
 may it be exercised by less than all of the Lessees, if there are more than
 one. If both parties agree to extend the lease for a term different than the
 one listed in the option, the option shall still be considered fully exercised.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

385 Van Ness Avenue
March 20, 2002

51.      TENANT IMPROVEMENTS:

Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense, replace (or clean where noted) the areas
shown on the attached plan for suites 357 and 359 Van Ness Way, using building
standard carpet from the Atlas Oxford/Mayfair line (same as existing). The
hallways of the 357 building will also be from this line. We strongly suggest
that Mayfair be selected for its superior stain and wear resistance. Lessee
shall be responsible for moving its furniture or other items. Lessee shall be
responsible for any extra costs for overtime or delays it causes or requires.
This work shall be performed by Lessor and/or its subcontractors.

Lessor shall provide Lessee with an additional total allowance of $90,000 to be
used on the space in 357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200, 359 Van Ness Way, or 385 Van
Ness Avenue, Suite 100. Any portion of the allowance may be used in any portion
of the Premises, including the building common areas. An unused allowance can be
used for restoration of the premises, or rolled over into any exercised option.

Such allowance may be used for A) design and construction of Lessee's tenant
improvements within the Premises, including all related permits and fees of
architects, engineers and any other relevant consultants or service providers
hired by Lessee and B) any built in furniture, such as a lobby reception counter
and C) signage. The allowance shall not be used on Lessee's fixtures, equipment,
or removable furniture. There shall be no separate fee payable to Lessor for
overhead, supervision, or administration. However, Lessor shall have the right
to competitively bid the elements of the job against other outside contractors
with overhead or profit built into its bid. If Lessee chooses to use outside
contractors, Lessee shall pay these contractors as their customer, and be
reimbursed by Lessor. Lessor shall have the reasonable right to approve said
contractors. Lessor's consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. These
contractors will be required to show proof of liability and Workmans
Compensation insurance. All such contracts shall be subject to Lessee's
approval. Lessee shall approve all debits to the allowance account.

Lessee shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to "connect" its
facilities in these buildings in the business park so as to provide voice/data
communications, employee and visitor interaction, and access to the various
premises.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Prepared by: [ILLEGIBLE]                 PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN BOTH COPIES.
Approved by: [ILLEGIBLE]         A FULLY EXECUTED COPY. WILL BE RETURNED TO YOU.

                                 LEASE EXTENSION

Date: March 20, 2002

RE: 359 Van Ness Way, Torrance, CA 90501

The undersigned hereby agree to extend that certain lease dated SEPTEMBER
25,1996 between SURF MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES and MYKOTRONX, INC. for THREE (3)
year(s) commencing MAY 1, 2002 and ending APRIL 30, 2005 at a monthly rent of
$26,517.00 payable in advance on the first day of each month.

Lessor and Lessee agree to modify the following paragraphs of the existing
lease:

Paragraph 1.8, Permitted Use, shall be changed to read "company doing technical
and space communications design and manufacturing".

Paragraph 4.2a(v), Should an interest in the Building be sold, assigned, or
otherwise transferred, which results in a reassessment, Lessee's liability for
increases in real estate tax passthroughs related to said transfer shall be
borne by Lessor.

Paragraph 6.4, Inspection; Compliance with Law. Lessor will give Lessee 24 hours
prior written notice when there is an important issue requiring Lessor or its
agents to enter the building.

Paragraph 7.4, Ownership, Removal, Surrender, and Restoration, Lessor shall, if
requested by Lessee prior to commencement of any future tenant improvements,
provide a written decision regarding whether or not that tenant improvement will
need to be removed and the building restored to its original condition by
Lessee, at Lessee's expense, when the building is surrendered back to the
Lessor.

Paragraph 13.1, Default: Breach; Remedies: On line 2, "$350.00", shall be
changed to read "$250.00".

Paragraph 26, No Rights to Be Holdover. On line 3, "200%", shall be changed to
read "140%".

Paragraph 46.d, there shall be C.P.I, adjustments on May 1, 2003 and May 1,
2004.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
359 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Two

OPTION TO RENEW:

In the event the Lessee has fully and faithfully performed its obligations
hereunder during the term of the Lease, Lessee may extend the term of this Lease
for an additional three (3) year(s) by giving Lessor written notice of its
intention to do so at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the
initial term of this Lease. If Lessee fails to give notice to Lessor by this
date, its option shall be null and void. During the option period, the terms and
conditions as contained in the Lease shall remain in effect, except that the
rent shall be adjusted as set forth below. In addition, any caps on operating
expenses or rental adjustments may also be adjusted or removed as a part of the
terms and conditions for the option period. Rental adjustments for the option
period may be different than in original lease term. The rental rate for the
option period shall be at the then fair market rental rate for existing tenants
in premises of comparable size, design, use, age, and location at the time the
option period is to commence (which shall in no event be less than the rental in
effect at the expiration of the initial term hereof), as agreed by Lessee and
Lessor no later than 100 days preceding the end of the initial term hereof. If
Lessor and Lessee are unable to agree on the fair market rental as set forth for
such option period, Lessor shall promptly select an MAI licensed real estate
appraiser and the appraiser so selected shall, no later than 60 days prior to
the expiration of the initial term, determine the fair market rental as set
forth above. The fees for such appraiser shall be shared equally by Lessor and
Lessee. If Lessee agrees with the rental rate established by the appraiser, it
will return a signed lease extension to Lessor no later than 45 days preceding
the end of the initial term. Should Lessee not agree with the rental established
by the designated appraiser, Lessee may, no later than 45 days preceding the end
of the initial term hereof, revoke the exercise of the option in writing, and
this Lease shall terminate at the end of the initial term. Such option shall be
personal to Lessee and may not be exercised or assigned, voluntarily or by
operation of law, to anyone other than Lessee, nor may it be exercised by less
than all of the Lessees, if there are more than one. If both parties agree to
extend the lease for a term different than the one listed in the option, the
option shall still be considered fully exercised.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
359 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Three

TENANT IMPROVEMENTS:

Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense, replace (or clean where noted) the areas
shown on the attached plan, using building standard carpet from the Atlas
Oxford/Mayfair line (same as existing). The hallways of the 357 building will
also be from this line. We strongly suggest that Mayfair be selected for its
superior stain and wear resistance. Lessee shall be responsible for moving its
furniture or other items. Lessee shall be responsible for any extra costs for
overtime or delays it causes or requires. This work shall be performed by Lessor
and/or its subcontractors.

Lessor shall provide Lessee with an additional total allowance of $90,000 to be
used on the space in 357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200, 359 Van Ness Way, or 385 Van
Ness Avenue, Suite 100. Any portion of the allowance may be used in any portion
of the Premises, including the building common areas. An unused allowance can be
used for restoration of the premises, or rolled over into any exercised option.

Such allowance may be used for A) design and construction of Lessee's tenant
improvements within the Premises, including all related permits and fees of
architects, engineers and any other relevant consultants or service providers
hired by Lessee and B) any built in furniture, such as a lobby reception counter
and C) signage. The allowance shall not be used on Lessee's fixtures, equipment,
or removable furniture. There shall be no separate fee payable to Lessor for
overhead, supervision, or administration. However, Lessor shall have the right
to competitively bid the elements of the job against other outside contractors
with overhead or profit built into its bid. If Lessee chooses to use outside
contractors, Lessee shall pay these contractors as their customer, and be
reimbursed by Lessor. Lessor shall have the reasonable right to approve said
contractors. Lessor's consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. These
contractors will be required to show proof of liability and Workmans
Compensation insurance. All such contracts shall be subject to Lessee's
approval. Lessee shall approve all debits to the allowance account.

Lessee shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to "connect" its
facilities in these buildings in the business park so as to provide voice/data
communications, employee and visitor interaction, and access to the various
premises.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
359 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Four

ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SAID LEASE WILL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND
EFFECT AND ARE IN NO WAY AFFECTED BY RENEWAL.

LESSEE: MYKOTRONX, INC.

BY: /s/ Jim Kopycki                                         DATE: 3-21-02
    -------------------------------
    /s/ Jim Kopycki

LESSOR: SURF MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES
BY: SURF MANAGEMENT, INC.

BY: /s/  Steven P.Fechner                                   DATE: 3-22-02
    -------------------------------
    Steven P. Fechner, President

Please return to: Surf Management, Inc., P.O. Box 3217, Torrance, CA 90510 Phone
                                  310/533-5900

<PAGE>

Prepared by:[ILLEGIBLE]                 PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN BOTH COPIES.
Approved by:[ILLEGIBLE]           A FULLY EXECUTED COPY WILL BE RETURNED TO YOU.

                               LEASE EXTENSION

Date: March 20, 2002

RE:   357 Van Ness Way, #200 (Entire Second Floor), Torrance, CA 90501

The undersigned hereby agree to extend that certain lease dated SEPTEMBER 8,
1993 between SURF MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES and MYKOTRONX, INC. for THREE (3)
year(s) commencing MAY 1, 2002 and ending APRIL 30, 2005 at a monthly rent of
$20,495.00 payable in advance on the first day of each month.

Lessor and Lessee agree to modify the following paragraphs of the existing
lease:

Paragraph 6.1, Use, shall be changed to read "company doing technical and space
communications design and manufacturing".

Paragraph 7.3, Alterations and Additions. Lessor shall, if requested by Lessee
prior to commencement of any future tenant-improvements, provide a written
decision regarding whether or not that tenant improvement will need to be
removed and the building restored to its original condition by Lessee, at
Lessee's expense, when the building is surrendered back to the Lessor.

Paragraph 10.1, Should an interest in the Building be sold, assigned, or
otherwise transferred, which results in a reassessment, Lessee's liability for
increases in real estate tax passthroughs related to said transfer shall be
borne by Lessor.

Paragraph 32, Lessor's Access. Lessor will give 24 hours prior written notice
when there is an important issue requiring Lessor or its agents to enter the
building.

Paragraph 46.d, there shall be C.P.I, adjustments on May 1, 2003 and May 1,
2004.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
357 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Two

OPTION TO RENEW:

In the event the Lessee has fully and faithfully performed its obligations
hereunder during the term of the Lease, Lessee may extend the term of this Lease
for an additional three (3) year(s) by giving Lessor written notice of its
intention to do so at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the
initial term of this Lease. If Lessee fails to give notice to Lessor by this
date, its option shall be null and void. During the option period, the terms and
conditions as contained in the Lease shall remain in effect, except that the
rent shall be adjusted as set forth below. In addition, any caps on operating
expenses or rental adjustments may also be adjusted or removed as a part of the
terms and conditions for the option period. Rental adjustments for the option
period may be different than in original lease term. The rental rate for the
option period shall be at the then fair market rental rate for existing tenants
in premises of comparable size, design, use, age, and location at the time the
option period is to commence (which shall in no event be less than the rental in
effect at the expiration of the initial term hereof), as agreed by Lessee and
Lessor no later than 100 days preceding the end of the initial term hereof. If
Lessor and Lessee are unable to agree on the fair market rental as set forth for
such option period, Lessor shall promptly select an MAI licensed real estate
appraiser and the appraiser so selected shall, no later than 60 days prior to
the expiration of the initial term, determine the fair market rental as set
forth above. The fees for such appraiser shall be shared equally by Lessor and
Lessee. If Lessee agrees with the rental rate established by the appraiser, it
will return a signed lease extension to Lessor no later than 45 days preceding
the end of the initial term. Should Lessee not agree with the rental established
by the designated appraiser, Lessee may, no later than 45 days preceding the end
of the initial term hereof, revoke the exercise of the option in writing, and
this Lease shall terminate at the end of the initial term. Such option shall be
personal to Lessee and may not be exercised or assigned, voluntarily or by
operation of law, to anyone other than Lessee, nor may it be exercised by less
than all of the Lessees, if there are more than one. If both parties agree to
extend the lease for a term different than the one listed in the option, the
option shall still be considered fully exercised.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
357 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Three

TENANT IMPROVEMENTS:

Lessor shall, at Lessor's expense, replace (or clean where noted) the areas
shown on the attached plan, using building standard carpet from the Atlas
Oxford/Mayfair line (same as existing). The hallways of the 357 building will
also be from this line. We strongly suggest that Mayfair be selected for its
superior stain and wear resistance. Lessee shall be responsible for moving its
furniture or other items. Lessee shall be responsible for any extra costs for
overtime or delays it causes or requires. This work shall be performed by Lessor
and/or its subcontractors.

Lessor shall provide Lessee with an additional total allowance of $90,000 to be
used on the space in 357 Van Ness Way, Suite 200, 359 Van Ness Way, or 385 Van
Ness Avenue, Suite 100. Any portion of the allowance may be used in any portion
of the Premises, including the building common areas. An unused allowance can be
used for restoration of the premises, or rolled over into any exercised option.

Such allowance may be used for A) design and construction of Lessee's tenant
improvements within the Premises, including all related permits and fees of
architects, engineers and any other relevant consultants or service providers
hired by Lessee and B) any built in furniture, such as a lobby reception counter
and C) signage. The allowance shall not be used on Lessee's fixtures, equipment,
or removable furniture. There shall be no separate fee payable to Lessor for
overhead, supervision, or administration. However, Lessor shall have the right
to competitively bid the elements of the job against other outside contractors
with overhead or profit built into its bid. If Lessee chooses to use outside
contractors, Lessee shall pay these contractors as their customer, and be
reimbursed by Lessor. Lessor shall have the reasonable right to approve said
contractors. Lessor's consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. These
contractors will be required to show proof of liability and Workmans
Compensation insurance. All such contracts shall be subject to Lessee's
approval. Lessee shall approve all debits to the allowance account.

Lessee shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to "connect" its
facilities in these buildings in the business park so as to provide voice/data
communications, employee and visitor interaction, and access to the various
premises.

                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]
                                                                     [ILLEGIBLE]

<PAGE>

Lease Extension
357 Van Ness Way
March 20, 2002
Page Four

ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SAID LEASE WILL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND
EFFECT AND ARE IN NO WAY AFFECTED BY RENEWAL.

LESSEE: MYKOTRONX, INC.

BY: /s/ Jim Kopycki                                         DATE: 3-21-02
    -------------------------------
    Jim Kopycki

LESSOR: SURF MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES
BY: SURF MANAGEMENT, INC.

BY: /s/ Steven P. Fechner                                   DATE: 3-22-02
    -------------------------------
    Steven P. Fechner, President

Please return to: Surf Management, Inc., P.O. Box 3217, Torrance, CA 90510 Phone
                                  310/533-5900


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
